

--- PAGE 1 ---
ϋజ
ϋజ
2025
2025
2025
ϋజ
Shineroad International Holdings Limited
ʮ̡
(ʮ̡)
΅˾໮ : 1587
2025
ANNUAL REPORT
Shineroad International Holdings Limited
ʮ̡
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
Stock code : 1587

--- PAGE 2 ---
Corporate Information 2
Financial Highlights 3
Chairman’s Statement 4
Management Discussion and Analysis 7
Corporate Governance Report 15
Biographical Details of Directors and  
Senior Management
30
Report of the Directors 34
Environmental, Social and Governance 
Report
48
Independent Auditor’s Report 102
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and 
Other Comprehensive Income
106
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 108
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Equity
110
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 111
Notes to Financial Statements 113
Financial Summary 180
CONTENTS

--- PAGE 3 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
2
Corporate Information
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Huang Haixiao (Chairman of the Board)
Ms. Huang Xin Rong (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Dai Yihui
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTORS
Mr. Tan Wee Seng
Mr. Chan Ka Kit
Mr. Meng Yuecheng
COMPANY SECRETARY
Mr. Ngai Tsz Hin Michael
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
Mr. Huang Haixiao
Mr. Ngai Tsz Hin Michael
AUDIT COMMITTEE
Mr. Tan Wee Seng (Chairman)
Mr. Chan Ka Kit
Mr. Meng Yuecheng
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Mr. Tan Wee Seng (Chairman)
Mr. Chan Ka Kit
Mr. Meng Yuecheng
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Mr. Huang Haixiao  (Chairman) (retired with effect 
from 6 June 2025)
Mr. Tan Wee Seng (Chairman) (re-designated 
with effect from 6 June 2025)
Ms. Huang Xin Rong (appointed with effect from 
6 June 2025)
Mr. Meng Yuecheng
REGISTERED OFFICE
Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
P.O. Box 1350
Grand Cayman KY1-1108
Cayman Islands
AUDITORS
Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
LEGAL ADVISERS
as to Hong Kong laws
Loong & Yeung
HEADQUARTERS IN THE PRC
25th Floor South
Block 1 Zhongyou Building
Lane 1040 Caoyang Road
Putuo District
Shanghai
China
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS 
IN HONG KONG
Room 1603, 16/F, China Building
29 Queen’s Road Central
Central, Hong Kong
CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL 
SHARE REGISTRAR AND 
TRANSFER OFFICE
Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited
Windward 3, Regatta Office
Park P.O. Box 1350
Grand Cayman KY1-1108
Cayman Islands
HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER 
OFFICE
Tricor Investor Services Limited
Level 54, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Hong Kong
PRINCIPAL BANKERS
China Construction Bank Corporation Shanghai 
Fengxian Branch
COMPANY WEBSITE
http://www.shineroad.com
STOCK CODE
1587

--- PAGE 4 ---
Financial Highlights
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
3
Year ended 
31 December 
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000 % of change
(Audited) (Audited)    
Revenue 651,482 661,645 –1.53%
Gross Profit 120,905 125,619 –3.74%
Net Profit 57,616 43,686 31.81%   
2025 2024
RMB RMB % of change
(Audited) (Audited)    
Earnings per share 0.08 0.06 33.33%   

--- PAGE 5 ---
Chairman’s Statement
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
4
For and on behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Shineroad International 
Holdings Limited (hereinafter referred to as “we”, “ us” or the “ Company”) and its subsidiaries 
(collectively the “ Group ”), I would like to present to the shareholders of the Company (the 
“Shareholders”) the annual results and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group 
for the year ended 31 December 2025 (the “Reporting Year”).
BUSINESS REVIEW
Our Group is one of the leading distributors of food ingredients and food additives in Asia with 
outstanding research and development capacity, which distinguishes us from other competitors in 
the industry and provides us with an unique edge to develop our reputation and diversified customer 
networks. Leveraging our research and development capability, we will continue to build long-term 
strategic alliance and co-develop with our customers, so as to stay on course with our mission “To be 
the Most Reliable Partner in the Food Industry”.
For the Reporting Year, our Group recorded a revenue of approximately RMB651.5 million, 
representing a decrease of approximately 1.53% as compared to that of the year ended 31 
December 2024 (the “Previous Year”) (RMB661.6 million). The profit for the Reporting Year was 
approximately RMB57.6 million, representing an increase of approximately 31.81% compared with 
that of the Previous Year (RMB43.7 million); while our Group’s basic and diluted earnings per share 
were RMB0.08, representing an increase of RMB0.02 as compared with that of the Previous Year 
(RMB0.06).
China Operations
Over the years, we have built strong relationships with our suppliers worldwide. Major suppliers, such 
as Nestlé from Switzerland, Mitsubishi from Japan, Sensient from the US, and Kerry from Ireland, 
have been cooperating with us for decades.
Meanwhile, our Group further obtained new distribution rights with focus on the nutritional and 
functional food industry:
— obtained the exclusive distribution right of ingredients of Invertec Natural Juice S.A. from Chile in 
November 2025.

--- PAGE 6 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
5
Chairman’s Statement
On the other hand, our Group has established and maintained a solid customer base over the years 
across different provinces in the PRC. Our core customers, categorised by food applications, are as 
follows:
Categories Business nature Key Customers   
Dairy products 
manufacturers
manufacturing dairy products 
and ice cream
Bright Dairy (׼Nestlé ( ௚੫), New 
Hope ( อҎૐ ) and Yili ( ͺл)
Beverage manufacturers manufacturing beverage Coca-Cola ( ̙ɹ̙ᆀ ), Suntory ( ɧ੻л ), 
Wahaha (۞۞۹Want Want (׶׶ ,)
Uni-President ( ୕ɓ), Nongfu Spring ( ༵
ݰand Genki Spring (؍) 
Snacks manufacturers manufacturing confectionery, 
chocolate, and snacks
Fujiya (࢕Glico (ɢ৷ ), Hsu Fu 
Chi (၅া ), Mars ( ီˤ), Orion ( λᘆ
ʾ) and PepsiCo ( ϵԫ)
Oil and grease 
manufacturers
manufacturing margarine and 
shortening
AAK, Cargill ( ྗΛ), COFCO ( ʕᔋ), and 
Kerry Grain and Oil (ذ) 
Food service providers Catering providers (mainly 
restaurants and teahouses) 
and upstream suppliers
Daka ( ɽդ਷ყ ), FreeNow( ിፕ), Ice 
Milk Blanc (ࣦۉinm ( ɓჼ) and 
SHUNDA ( නɽ)
South East Asia Operations
Outside China, we established our overseas subsidiaries in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, and Bangkok, 
Thailand in late 2019. Although the operation had been hit by the pandemic in the past few years, 
the recovery of consumption and tourism during the Reporting Year has eased the food industry, our 
customers, and us.
We anticipate our local offices will provide us a competitive edge by bringing scale benefit and 
introducing more local South East Asian tastes and appetites to the PRC market going forward.

--- PAGE 7 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
6
Chairman’s Statement
Outlook and prospects
The Asia-Pacific Innovation Center, with a total construction area of 40,816.13 square meters, 
officially opened on March 16, 2026. The facility now houses fully upgraded operations, including a 
comprehensive R&D laboratory, beverage innovation lab, product incubation center, dry and cold 
storage, logistics, and all office functions. The production line is expected to begin operations by 
the end of 2026, marking a significant milestone as Shineroad transitions from R&D and Trading into 
a new era that integrates R&D, Trading, and Incubation/Production. The Company believes that the 
opening of the Asia-Pacific Innovation Center will further expand the Group’s business, broaden the 
portfolio of its self-developed formulated products and potential food ingredients, and support the 
Group’s long-term growth.
We remain confident in our future prospects. Despite having global economic uncertainties, we 
anticipate to achieve strong revenue growth and to create value for the Shareholders. Going forward, 
our development initiatives mainly include:
• Continue to increase the sales of products with existing and new distribution rights: 
With focus on the food service industry and the nutritional and functional food industry, we are 
looking into cooperations with distinctive brands to reinforce our competitive advantage.
• Continue to widen our brands and portfolio of self-developed formulated products and potential 
food ingredients.
• Continue to enhance our research and development capabilities.
• Continue to extensively identify potential strategic investment opportunities and seek to acquire 
high-quality target businesses and assets that create synergies for the Group.
APPRECIATION
I take this opportunity to represent the Board and express our sincere gratitude to the contributions 
made by all of our Directors, the management team and all staff of the Group for their dedication and 
valuable contribution over the past year. Thank you for your contribution and for your growth with our 
Group!
At the same time, we are deeply grateful to our customers, suppliers, business partners and 
Shareholders for their continued support and trust. Our Group will continue to focus on the 
development of quality and efficiency so as to achieve satisfactory results and thereby bring 
sustainable returns to our Shareholders.
Shineroad International Holdings Limited
Chairman
Huang Haixiao
Hong Kong, 26 March 2026

--- PAGE 8 ---
Management Discussion and Analysis
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
7
BUSINESS REVIEW
Overview
The Group is one of the leading distributors and manufacturers of food ingredients and food additives 
in Asia with outstanding and innovative research and development capacity, which distinguishes it 
from other competitors in the industry and provides it with an unique edge to develop the Group’s 
reputation and diversified customer networks. Leveraging its research and development capability, 
the Group will continue to build long-term strategic alliance and co-develop with its customers, so as 
to stay on course with the mission “To be the Most Reliable Partner in the Food Industry”.
FINANCIAL REVIEW
For the Reporting Year, the Group’s revenue was RMB651.5 million (Previous Year: RMB661.6 
million). For the Reporting Year, the Group recorded profit of RMB57.6 million (Previous Year: 
RMB43.7 million). 
Revenue
Revenue represents the net invoiced value of goods sold, after allowances for returns and trade 
discounts. The Group derives its revenue mainly from the distribution of food ingredients and food 
additives in the PRC. The Group’s revenue for the Reporting Year was RMB651.5 million, representing 
a decrease of 1.53% as compared that of RMB661.6 million for the Previous Year and remains 
relatively stable.
An analysis of revenue, net is as follows:
For the year ended 
31 December 
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
(Audited) (Audited)   
REVENUE
Food ingredients 379,074 347,126
Food additives 272,408 314,519  
651,482 661,645  
Cost of sales
The Group’s cost of sales solely represents cost of goods sold, which mainly represents the cost 
of food ingredients and food additives purchased from suppliers. The Group’s cost of sales for the 
Reporting Year was RMB530.6 million, representing a decrease of approximately 1.01% as compared 
to RMB536.0 million for the Previous Year. The decrease in cost of sales was primarily due to the 
decline in sales.

--- PAGE 9 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
8
Management Discussion and Analysis
Gross profit and gross profit margin
Gross profit of the Group for the Reporting Year dropped by RMB4.7 million to RMB120.9 million 
(Previous Year: RMB125.6 million), and the gross profit margin decreased to 18.56% (Previous Year: 
18.98%). The decrease in the gross profit margin was mainly due to the decrease of sales proportion 
of high-margin products.
Other income and gains
Other income and gains primarily consist of bank interest income, gain on deemed disposal of an 
associate, fair value changes of financial investments at fair value through profit or loss, government 
grants and others. Other income increased by RMB24.6 million or 1,171.43% from RMB2.1 million for 
the Previous Year to RMB26.7 million for the Reporting Year, which is mainly due to the change in 
accounting treatment in the investment of Tianye.
An analysis of other income and gains, net is as follows:
For the year ended 
31 December 
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
(Audited) (Audited)   
Other income and gains, net
Bank interest income 580 1,500
Gain on deemed disposal of an associate 16,288 —
Fair value changes of financial investments  
at fair value through profit or loss 9,563 —
Government grants* — 459
Others 306 148  
26,737 2,107  
* There were no unfulfilled conditions and other contingencies attaching to government grants that had been recognised.
Selling and distribution expenses
Selling and distribution expenses primarily consist of staff salaries and benefits, transportation 
expenses, travelling expenses, rent and rates and others. The selling and distribution expenses 
increased by RMB1.5 million, or approximately 6.15% increase to RMB25.9 million for the Reporting 
Year from RMB24.4 million for the Previous Year. The increase was mainly attributed to the increase 
in labor costs of sales team.

--- PAGE 10 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
9
Management Discussion and Analysis
Administrative expenses
Administrative expenses primarily consist of depreciation, entertainment, rent and rates, research 
and development, staff salaries and benefits and others. The administrative expenses decreased by 
RMB1.4 million, or approximately 3.46% decrease to RMB39.1 million for the Reporting Year from 
RMB40.5 million for the Previous Year. The decrease was mainly attributed to the decrease in labor 
costs and exhibition expenses.
Finance costs
The finance costs represent interests on other loans and interest on lease liability. Finance costs 
decreased by RMB0.3 million to RMB0.4 million for the Reporting Year from RMB0.7 million for the 
Previous Year. The decrease was mainly attributed to decrease in interest on lease liabilities.
Income tax expenses
The Group’s income tax expenses increased by RMB6.3 million from RMB17.8 million for the Previous 
Year to RMB24.1 million for the Reporting Year. The increase was primarily due to pre-tax profit of the 
Year was higher than that of the Previous Year.
The major components of income tax expense of the Group in the condensed consolidated statement 
of profit or loss are:
For the year ended 
31 December 
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
(Audited) (Audited)   
Current — Hong Kong
Charge for the year 1,198 920
Underprovision/(overprovision) in prior years 154 (3)
Current — Chinese mainland
Charge for the year 13,345 16,045
Underprovision in prior years 224 13
Deferred 9,136 835  
Total tax charge for the period 24,057 17,810  
Profit for the Reporting Year
As a result of the foregoing, the profit for the Reporting Year increased by RMB13.9 million, or 
31.81%, from RMB43.7 million for the Previous Year to RMB57.6 million for the Reporting Year. The 
Group remains in a healthy and sound liquidity position during the Reporting Year.

--- PAGE 11 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
10
Management Discussion and Analysis
CORPORATE FINANCE AND RISK MANAGEMENT
Liquidity, Financial and Capital Resources
Cash Flows
The following table is a condensed summary of the combined statements of cash flows of the Group 
for the years indicated:
For the year ended 
31 December 
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
(Audited) (Audited)   
Net cash flow generated from operating activities 56,764 39,031
Net cash flow used in investing activities (39,576) (48,082)
Net cash flow (used in)/generated from financing activities (14,497) 35,138
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net (1,047) 1,586
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 186,819 185,175
Cash flows generated from operating activities
For the Reporting Year, the Company had net cash from operating activities of approximately 
RMB56.8 million, which was primarily due to a profit before tax of approximately RMB81.7 million, as 
adjusted by non-cash items of gain on deemed disposal of an associate of approximately RMB16.3 
million and gain on fair value changes of financial investments at fair value through profit or loss of 
approximately RMB9.6 million, a decrease in trade receivables of approximately RMB14.0 million and 
a decrease in inventories of approximately RMB8.8 million. This cash inflow was partially offset by an 
income tax paid of approximately RMB19.0 million, an increase in prepayments, other receivables 
and other assets of approximately RMB2.5 million.
Cash flows used in investing activities
For the Reporting Year, net cash used in investing activities amounted to RMB39.6 million which was 
primarily attributable to acquisition of property, plant and equipment of RMB39.6 million.
Cash flows (used in)/generated from financing activities
For the Reporting Year, the net cash used in financing activities amounted to RMB14.5 million, which 
was primarily attributable to the principal portion of lease payments of RMB1.3 million, the dividend 
paid of approximately RMB14.1 million and repayment of bank loans of approximately RMB52.1 
million. This cash outflow was partially offset by the new bank loans of approximately RMB55.5 
million.

--- PAGE 12 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
11
Management Discussion and Analysis
Net current assets
The following table sets forth the current assets and current liabilities as at the years and dates 
indicated:
As at 31 December 
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
(Audited) (Audited)   
Current assets
Inventories 41,708 50,755
Trade receivables 87,378 101,562
Prepayment, deposits and other receivables 16,536 14,115
Amounts due from related parties 1,219 1,151
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 132,751 —
Time deposit 30,000 —
Pledged deposits 19,566 17,796
Cash and cash equivalents 186,819 185,175  
Total current assets 515,977 370,554  
Current liabilities
Trade payables 28,039 28,988
Other payables and accruals 34,744 70,041
Amounts due to related parties 5,155 5,494
Interest-bearing bank borrowings 16,189 31,960
Lease Liabilities 1,154 1,258
Tax payable 2,159 6,191  
Total current liabilities 87,440 143,932  
Net current assets 428,537 226,622  
The net current assets increased from RMB226.6 million as at 31 December 2024 to RMB428.5 
million as at 31 December 2025. The increase was primarily due to the change in accounting 
treatment in the investment of Tianye and the increase in long-term deposits due within one year.
Cash Position
The Group’s cash and cash equivalents balances as at 31 December 2025 amounted to RMB186.8 
million, representing an increase of RMB1.6 million as compared to RMB185.2 million as at 31 
December 2024, which was attributable to increase of profit and improvement of management 
efficiency.
As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s total interest-bearing bank borrowings increased to RMB97.1 
million from RMB93.7 million as at 31 December 2024, which was primarily due to increase in loans 
for Shineroad International Asia-Pacific Innovation Center project.

--- PAGE 13 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
12
Management Discussion and Analysis
As at 31 December 2025, the gearing ratio, calculated as debt divided by total assets, was 25.2%, as 
compared with 29.5% as at 31 December 2024.
Treasury policies
The Group has adopted a prudent financial management approach towards its treasury policies 
and thus maintained a healthy liquidity position throughout the Reporting Year. The Group strives 
to reduce exposure to credit risk by performing ongoing credit assessments and evaluations of the 
financial status of its customers. To manage liquidity risk, the Board closely monitors the Group’s 
liquidity position to ensure that the liquidity structure of the Group’s assets, liabilities and other 
commitments can meet its funding requirements from time to time.
Foreign Currency Risk
The Group’s operational activities are mainly denominated in RMB. The Group is exposed to foreign 
currency risk primarily arising from purchase of goods by foreign currencies and bank deposits 
denominated in foreign currencies. The Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging 
policy but it monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign 
currency exposure should the need arise.
CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2025 (as at 31 
December 2024: Nil).
CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had a total capital commitment of RMB10.5 million, which was 
primarily attributable to the construction contracts entered into but not yet performed or partially 
performed (as at 31 December 2024: RMB6.4 million).
CAPITAL STRUCTURE
There has been no change in the capital structure of the Company during the Reporting Year. The 
capital of the Company comprises RMB541.1 million as at 31 December 2025, representing an 
increase of RMB42.1 million as compared to RMB499.0 million as at 31 December 2024, which was 
attributable to the growth of net profit.
Charges on the Group’s Assets
As at 31 December 2025, there were no charges on the Group’s assets (as at 31 December 2024: 
Nil).
Material Acquisitions and Disposals
The Group did not have any material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint 
ventures during the Reporting Year.

--- PAGE 14 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
13
Management Discussion and Analysis
Significant Investments held
As at 31 December 2025, the Group held 28,125,200 shares, representing approximately 8.59% 
equity interest in Tianye Innovation Company (“Tianye”) which is principally engaged in planting, 
processing and sales of agricultural food including tropical fruits and vegetables. The investment 
cost incurred by the Group, being the consideration for acquiring the said shares in Tianye, was 
RMB78.8 million. Tianye’s shares are listed on the Beijing Stock Exchange Co. Ltd. (BSE stock code: 
920023).
As at 3 September 2025, Mr. Huang Haixiao, the controlling shareholder and chairman of the 
Company, ceased to be a director of Tianye. As a result of the Group’s loss of representation on 
the board of directors of Tianye and given the Group’s shareholding in Tianye has always been 
insignificant (i.e. less than 10%), the Company is of the view that the Group no longer has the 
ability to exercise significant influence over Tianye. Thus, Tianye ceased to be accounted for as an 
associate of the Group. Since the Group’s purpose of the investment in Tianye is holding for sale, 
henceforth the Group’s investment in Tianye is accounted for as financial assets at fair value through 
profit and loss. 
As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss amounted to 
RMB132.8 million, representing approximately 18.34% of the Group’s total asset as at 31 December 
2025. The Group did not receive any dividend during the Reporting Year. The Group recorded 
unrealised gains on deemed disposal of an associate of RMB16.3 million and fair value changes of 
financial investments at fair value through profit or loss of RMB9.6 million during the Reporting Year.
The Group considers the performance of Tianye was satisfactory during the Reporting Year. Since 
the Group’s purpose regarding the investment in Tianye is holding for sale, the investment strategy 
is centered on maximizing capital gains while managing market exposure. Looking forward, the 
Group holds a positive view on the prospects of this investment and currently has no immediate 
plan to initiate a disposal. The Group’s strategy is to hold its equity interest in Tianye while its value 
continues to appreciate, subject to periodic strategic reviews. The Company will evaluate this 
investment on an ongoing basis by assessing market liquidity, target valuation multiples, and broader 
economic conditions to ensure any future sale aligns with the Group’s best interests.
Save as disclosed above, the Company did not hold any other significant investment with a value 
greater than 5% of the Company’s total assets as at 31 December 2025.
EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
The Group had 159 employees as at 31 December 2025. Remuneration is determined by reference to 
prevailing market terms and in accordance with the job scope, responsibilities, and performance of 
each individual employee.
The Company has adopted a share option scheme, pursuant to which the Directors and employees 
of the Group are entitled to participate. The local employees are also entitled to discretionary bonus 
depending on their respective performances and the profitability of the Group.

--- PAGE 15 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
14
Management Discussion and Analysis
SHARE OPTION SCHEME
On 31 May 2018, the then sole shareholder of the Company approved and conditionally adopted 
a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) to enable the Company to grant options to 
eligible participants as incentives and rewards for their contribution to the Group. The principal terms 
of the Share Option Scheme were summarised in the section headed “Share Option Scheme” in 
Appendix IV to the Prospectus. No option has been granted during the Reporting Year.
DIVIDEND
The Board takes into account the Group’s overall results of operation, financial position and 
capital requirements, among other factors, in considering the declaration of dividends. The Board 
recommended the declaration and payment of a final dividend of HK1.50 cents (equivalent to 
approximately RMB1.35 cents) (2024: HK2.25 cents (equivalent to approximately RMB2.08 cents)) 
per ordinary share at HK$10.2 million (equivalent to approximately RMB9.2 million) out of the share 
premium account of the Company for the Reporting Year based on 680,000,000 shares in issue as 
at 31 December 2025. The payment of the final dividend is subject to the approval to be obtained at 
the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company; the Directors being satisfied that there are 
no reasonable grounds for believing that the Company is, immediately following the date on which 
the proposed final dividend is paid, unable to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course 
of business; and the Company having complied with all requirements under the laws of the Cayman 
Islands and the Listing Rules regarding the payment of proposed final dividend out of the Share 
Premium Account. The final dividend will be paid in Hong Kong dollars and is expected to be paid 
on or around 16 June 2026. A notice convening the annual general meeting will be published and 
despatched to the Shareholders.

--- PAGE 16 ---
Corporate Governance Report
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
15
COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Company is committed to maintain high standards of corporate governance to protect the 
interests of its Shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Board has 
reviewed the Company’s corporate governance practices and considers that, during the Reporting 
Year, the Company has complied with all code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (“CG 
Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock 
Exchange (the “Listing Rules”), save for the deviation from Code Provision C.5.1 of the CG Code 
which is further explained in the section headed “Board meeting” below. The Company will continue 
to enhance its corporate governance practices appropriate to the conduct and growth of its business 
and to review such practices from time to time to ensure that they comply with the CG Code and align 
with the latest developments.
DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers 
(the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct 
regarding Directors’ securities transactions. Having made specific enquiries with all the Directors, 
each of the Directors has confirmed that he/she has complied with the Model Code during the 
Reporting Year.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board is responsible for the leadership and control of the Company, and setting up the 
overall strategy as well as reviewing the operation and financial performance of the Group. The 
Board reserved for its decision or consideration matters covering overall Group strategy, major 
acquisitions and disposals, annual budgets, annual and interim results, recommendations on 
Directors’ appointment or re-appointment, approval of major capital transactions and other significant 
operational and financial matters. The management was delegated the authority and responsibility by 
the Board for the daily management of the Group. In addition, the Board has also delegated various 
responsibilities to the Board committees. Further details of these committees are set out in this 
corporate governance report.
Composition
As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprises six Directors and their respective roles are 
as follows:
Executive Directors
Mr. Huang Haixiao (Chairman of the Board)
Ms. Huang Xin Rong (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Dai Yihui
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Tan Wee Seng 
Mr. Chan Ka Kit
Mr. Meng Yuecheng

--- PAGE 17 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
16
Corporate Governance Report
The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographical Details of 
Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report. Save for Mr. Huang Haixiao, being the father 
of Ms. Huang Xin Rong, the Board members have no relationship (whether financial, business, family 
or other material or relevant relationships) amongst members of the Board, senior management or 
substantial shareholder or controlling shareholder of the Company.
The composition of the Board is well balanced with each Director having extensive corporate 
and strategic planning experience, sound industry knowledge and/or professional expertise. All 
independent non-executive Directors have offered sufficient time and efforts to serve the business 
affairs of the Company. They also possess appropriate academic and professional qualifications 
and related management experience and have contributed to the Board with their professional 
opinion. The Board believes that the participation of independent non-executive Directors shall offer 
their independent judgment on issues relating to strategy, performance, conflict of interest and 
management process such that the interests of all Shareholders and the Group are considered and 
safeguarded.
Role and Function
The Board is fully responsible for the formulation of business policies and strategies in relation 
to the business operation of the Group and to ensure the availability of resources as well as the 
effectiveness of its internal control system.
Implementation and execution of the policies and strategies formulated by the Board and the daily 
operations are delegated from the Board to the management of the Company. In addition, an audit 
committee (the “Audit Committee”), a remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”) 
and a nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) have been set up to assist the Board 
in fulfilling certain responsibilities. Further details of these committees are set out in the paragraph 
headed “Board Committees” of this annual report.
Chairman and chief executive
In accordance to the code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of the chairman and the chief 
executive should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. Currently, 
Mr. Huang Haixiao, the Chairman, is responsible for the overall management, strategic and major 
decisions on the development and planning and operation of our Group. Ms. Huang Xin Rong, the 
chief executive officer, is responsible for the overall management and daily operation of the Group. 
Ms. Huang Xin Rong is the daughter of Mr. Huang Haixiao.
Independence of independent Non-executive Directors
Pursuant to the requirement of Rules 3.10 and 3.10A of the Listing Rules, the Company has 
appointed three independent non-executive Directors, two of whom have appropriate professional 
qualification in accounting and financial management expertise. All independent non-executive 
Directors have confirmed their independence, as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, to the 
Company and the Board considers that all independent non-executive Directors have satisfied their 
independence of the Group.

--- PAGE 18 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
17
Corporate Governance Report
To ensure that independent views and input are available to the Board, the Company has established 
mechanisms including (i) strengthening the independent non-executive Directors’ recruitment 
process to include criteria such as each candidates’ available time commitments and qualification; 
(ii) reviewing the number of independent non-executive Directors on an annual basis; (iii) performing 
additional assessment or evaluation of independent non-executive Directors’ contribution; and (iv) 
engage external independent professional advisors to assist performance of directors’ duties when 
necessary. The Board reviews the implementation and effectiveness of the above mechanisms on an 
annual basis.
Directors’ and Officers’ Liabilities Insurance
The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover for Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in 
respect of legal actions against Directors, officers and senior management of the Company arising 
out of corporate activities.
Board meeting
The Board meets regularly to discuss the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial 
performance of the Group, in addition to the meetings for reviewing and approving the Group’s 
annual and interim results. The Directors had participated in the Board meetings as indicated 
below. For those Directors who could not attend these meetings in person, they participated through 
electronic media.
The company secretary of the Company (the “Company Secretary”) assists the Chairman to prepare 
the agenda of the meetings and each Director may request to include any relevant matters on the 
agenda. Generally, at least 14 days’ notice is given for the regular meetings by the Company. All 
substantive agenda items have comprehensive briefing papers, which are, in general, circulated 
three days before convening each Board meeting.
All Directors are able to seek advice and services from the Company Secretary on the Board 
procedures and all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and corporate governance matters. Draft 
minutes of Board meetings and meetings of the Board committees are circulated to all Directors for 
comment and approval as soon as practicable after the meetings. Minutes of Board meetings and 
meetings of Board committees are kept by the Company Secretary and all Board members are given 
a copy of the minutes for their record. Should a matter being considered involve a potential conflict 
of interest of a Director, the Director involved in the transaction would be requested to leave the 
boardroom and abstain from voting. The matter would be discussed and resolved by other Directors. 
Policy is in place that Directors, upon reasonable request, may seek independent professional advice 
on issues related to the Group’s business at the Company’s expenses.

--- PAGE 19 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
18
Corporate Governance Report
Code provision C.5.1 of the Corporate Governance Code stipulates that the Board should hold 
meeting regularly, and board meetings should be held at least four times a year at approximately 
quarterly intervals. During the Reporting Year, three regular Board meetings were convened. 
However, the management have regularly updated the Board of the Group’s key financial and 
operating performance through electronic means of communication, and the members of the Board 
have actively communicated with each other on matters requiring discussion. As such, the Board 
considers that sufficient measures have been taken to ensure that there is efficient communication 
among the Directors. The attendance record of the individual Directors at the Board and committee 
meetings, and general meeting(s) held during the Reporting Year is set out below:
Number of meetings attended/eligible to attend during the Reporting Year
Board
Audit 
committee
Remuneration 
committee
Nomination 
committee
General 
meeting      
Executive Directors
Mr. Huang Haixiao 3/3 —/— —/— 1/1 1/1
Ms. Huang Xin Rong 3/3 —/— —/— —/— 1/1
Mr. Dai Yihui 3/3 —/— —/— —/— 1/1
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Tan Wee Seng 3/3 3/3 1/1 1/1 1/1
Mr. Chan Ka Kit 3/3 3/3 1/1 —/— 1/1
Mr. Meng Yuecheng 3/3 3/3 1/1 1/1 1/1
COMPANY SECRETARY
Mr. Ngai Tsz Hin Michael, from Khoo & Co., an external service provider, has been engaged by our 
Company as our Company Secretary to support the Board by ensuring good information flow within 
the Board and that the Board policy and procedures are followed.
Mr. Ngai has confirmed that he complied with the requirement in taking no less than 15 hours of 
relevant professional training during the Reporting Year under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.
DIRECTORS’ TERMS OF APPOINTMENT
All Directors are appointed for a term of three years and are subject to the requirement of retirement 
by rotation and re-election at the annual general meeting at least once every three years in 
accordance with the articles of association of the Company (the “Articles of Association”).

--- PAGE 20 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
19
Corporate Governance Report
DIRECTORS’ TRAINING
Code provision C.1 of the CG Code provides that Directors should participate in continuous 
professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. This is to ensure that 
their contribution to the Board remain informed and relevant.
All Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development activities by 
ways of attending training and/or reading materials relevant to the Company’s business or to the 
Directors’ duties and responsibilities. A summary of professional training received by Directors for the 
Reporting Year according to the records provided by the Directors is as follows:
attending seminar(s)/programme(s)/
conference(s) and/or reading 
materials relevant to the business or 
directors’ duties  
Mr. Huang Haixiao ✓
Ms. Huang Xin Rong ✓
Mr. Dai Yihui ✓
Mr. Tan Wee Seng ✓
Mr. Chan Ka Kit ✓
Mr. Meng Yuecheng ✓
BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
During the Reporting Year, the Board adopted a board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) 
setting out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board. The Company considered diversity of 
board members can be achieved through consideration of a number of aspects, including but not 
limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, 
skills, knowledge and length of service. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and 
candidates will be considered against selection criteria, having regard for the benefits of diversity on 
the Board.
Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited 
to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills and knowledge. 
The ultimate decision will be made upon the merits and contribution that the selected candidates 
will bring to the Board. The Board may adopt and/or amend from time to time (as applicable) such 
diversity perspectives and/or measurable objectives that are appropriate to the Company’s business 
and Board succession planning, as applicable.

--- PAGE 21 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
20
Corporate Governance Report
The Board’s composition as at the date of this report under diversified perspectives is summarised as 
follows:
Education background  
(highest level)
1 with doctorate degree; 2 with master degree;  
3 with bachelor degree
Designation 3 executive Directors; 3 independent non-executive Directors
Gender 5 male vs. 1 female
Age group (years old) 0 (between 25 and 29); 1 (between 30 and 39);  
2 (between 40 and 49); 2 (between 50 and 59);  
1 (between 60 and 69); 1 (between 70 and 75)
Directorship with the Company 
(years of service)
0 (under 3 years); 0 (between 3 and 5 years);  
5 (between 5 and 10 years); 1 (more than 10 years)
The Board considers that it has achieved gender diversity as the Board has one female Director. To 
develop a pipeline of potential successors to the Board to achieve gender diversity, the Company 
has adopted relevant hiring policies for considering candidates of senior management positions 
which would take into account diversity perspectives including gender diversity.
As at 31 December 2025, the percentage of male and female in the workforce (including the senior 
management) is 43.4% and 56.6%, respectively. The Company’s workforce (including its senior 
management) has achieved gender diversity between males and females. The Company will continue 
to take into account diversity perspectives including gender diversity in its future hiring to maintain 
gender diversity across its workforce (including its senior management).
NOMINATION POLICY
The Board has adopted a director nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) on 28 December 
2018 in relation to the nomination, appointment, re-appointment of new Directors and the nomination 
procedure of the Company, which provides that in evaluating and selecting any candidate for 
directorship, the Nomination Committee shall consider the candidates’ character and integrity, 
professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience, independence, diversity on the Board, 
willingness to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a Board member and such other criteria 
that are appropriate to the business of the Company.
Before a prospective Director’s name is formally proposed, opinions of the existing Directors 
(including the independent non-executive Directors) will be solicited. The proposed appointment will 
first be reviewed by the Nomination Committee, taking into account the balance of skills, knowledge 
and experience on the Board. Upon recommendation of the Nomination Committee, the proposed 
appointment will then be reviewed and, if thought fit, approved by the Board after due deliberation. 
If necessary, the Company may also engage external search firm to assist in the sourcing and 
identification of appropriate candidates for Board appointments. The Company will also consider the 
prospective Director’s time commitment to the role being applied for and any potential conflicts of 
interest identified, if he/she has outside mandates.
Procedures for nominating a person for election as a Director by the Directors are disclosed on the 
website of the Company.

--- PAGE 22 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
21
Corporate Governance Report
DIVIDEND POLICY
The Board has adopted a dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”) on 28 December 2018. A summary 
of the Dividend Policy is disclosed as below.
Subject to the approval of the Shareholders and requirement of the relevant law, the Company 
shall pay annual dividends to the Shareholders if the Group is profitable, operations environment 
is stable and there is no significant investment or commitment made by the Group, after taking into 
account the factors as detailed below and determined by the Board from time to time. The remaining 
net profits will be used for Group’s development and operations. The Dividend Policy allows the 
Company to declare special dividends from time to time in addition to the annual dividends.
In proposing any dividend payout, the Board shall also take into account, inter alia, (i) the Company’s 
actual and expected financial performance; (ii) retained earnings and distributable reserves of the 
Group; (iii) the level of the Group’s debts to equity ratio, return on equity and the relevant financial 
covenants; and (iv) the general economic conditions, business cycle of the Group’s business and 
other internal and external factors that may have an impact on the business or financial performance 
and position of our Company.
Any final dividends declared by the Company must be approved by an ordinary resolution of 
Shareholders at an annual general meeting and must not exceed the amount recommended by the 
Board. The Dividend Policy shall be reviewed periodically and submitted to the Board for approval if 
amendments are required.
BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has established three committees, namely the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee 
and Nomination Committee with specific terms of reference.
Audit Committee
Audit Committee was established with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the 
Listing Rules and the CG Code. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are, among other things, 
to review and supervise our financial reporting process and internal control and risk management 
system, nominate and monitor external auditors, provide advice and comments to the Board on 
matters related to corporate governance and perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned by 
the Board.
The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Tan Wee Seng (the 
chairman of the Audit Committee), Mr. Chan Ka Kit and Mr. Meng Yuecheng. During the Reporting 
Year and up to the date of this report, the Audit Committee held 4 meetings on 27 March 2025, 
15 August 2025, 23 December 2025 and 26 March 2026 the major work performed by the Audit 
Committee is summarized as follows:

--- PAGE 23 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
22
Corporate Governance Report
Summary of work in 2025/2026:
— reviewed the financial statements for the Reporting Year and the Previous Year and the related 
documents and made recommendations to the Board for approval and discussed with the 
management and the external auditor the accounting policies and practices which may affect 
the Group, the report prepared by the external auditor covering major findings in the course of 
the audit and the accounting and financial reporting matters;
— reviewed the interim financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and the 
related documents, and the issues noted by the Company’s external auditors and made 
recommendations to the Board for approval;
— reviewed and monitored the Company’s financial reporting procedures, the effectiveness of 
the Group’s risk management and internal control systems as well as the Group’s internal audit 
function;
— reviewed the re-appointment, remuneration and engagement letter of the Company’s external 
auditors, its independence and objectivity, and the effectiveness of the audit process;
— reviewed the appointment of the internal control consultant;
— reviewed the Audit Committee’s independence and effectiveness in discharging its role and 
responsibilities, and its terms of reference; and
— reviewed the composition of the Audit Committee.
The Audit Committee held 3 meetings during the Reporting Year, individual attendance of which is as 
follows:
Attendance  
Mr. Tan Wee Seng 3/3
Mr. Chan Ka Kit 3/3
Mr. Meng Yuecheng 3/3
The annual results of the Group for the Reporting Year have been reviewed by the Audit Committee 
before submission to the Board for approval.

--- PAGE 24 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
23
Corporate Governance Report
Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee was established with written terms of reference in compliance with 
Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules and the CG Code. The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee 
are, among other things, to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy for 
human resource management as well as establish and review policies and structure in relation to 
remuneration for our directors and senior management.
The Remuneration Committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Tan 
Wee Seng (chairman of the Remuneration Committee), Mr. Chan Ka Kit and Mr. Meng Yuecheng. 
During the Reporting Year and up to the date of this report, the Remuneration Committee held two 
meetings on 27 March 2025 and 26 March 2026, and the major work performed by the Remuneration 
Committee is summarized as follows:
Summary of work in 2025/2026:
— reviewed and made recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure 
for all Directors’ and senior management remuneration and on the procedure for developing 
remuneration policy;
— reviewed the remuneration package of the executive Directors and senior management and 
made recommendations to the Board for approval;
— reviewed the remuneration of the independent non-executive Directors; and
— assessed the performance of the Directors.
The Remuneration Committee adopted the model under Code Provision E.1.2(c)(ii). As such, it 
makes recommendations to the Board for approval in relation to remuneration packages of individual 
executive Directors and senior management.
The Remuneration Committee held 1 meeting during the Reporting Year, individual attendance of 
which is as follows:
Attendance  
Mr. Tan Wee Seng 1/1
Mr. Chan Ka Kit 1/1
Mr. Meng Yuecheng 1/1
The remuneration for the Directors and senior management comprises basic salary, retirement 
benefits and discretionary bonus. Details of the amount of emoluments of Directors paid for the 
Reporting Year are set out in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. During the Reporting 
Year, the Remuneration Committee reviewed the remuneration of the Directors.

--- PAGE 25 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
24
Corporate Governance Report
The remuneration of members of the senior management (excluding Directors) by band for the 
Reporting Year is set out below:
remuneration bands
Number of 
person(s)  
HK$500,001 to HK$1,000,000 —
HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000 3
HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000 —
HK$2,000,001 to HK$3,000,000 1
Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee was established with written terms of reference in compliance with 
the CG Code. The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are, among other things, to make 
recommendations to the Board regarding candidates to fill vacancies on the Board and/or in senior 
management, to assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors, to review the 
time commitment required of the Directors and to evaluate whether the Directors have committed 
adequate time to discharge their responsibilities to review and implement the Nomination Policy and 
to consider related matters.
From 1 January 2025 to 5 June 2025, the Nomination Committee consisted of one executive Director 
Mr. Huang Haixiao (chairman of the Nomination Committee), and two independent non-executive 
Directors Mr. Tan Wee Seng and Mr. Meng Yuecheng.
Mr. Huang Haixiao retired as Chairman of the Nomination Committee with effect from 6 June 2025. 
Mr. Tan Wee Seng was re-designated as Chairman of the Nomination Committee with effect from 
6 June 2025. Ms. Huang Xin Rong was appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee with 
effect from 6 June 2025. Since 6 June 2025, the Nomination Committee consists of two independent 
non-executive Directors Mr. Tan Wee Seng and Mr. Meng Yuecheng and one executive Director 
Ms.Huang Xin Rong.
During the meeting of the Nomination Committee held on 26 March 2026, the Nomination Committee 
has reviewed and considered, among other things, the Nomination Policy, the structure, size and 
composition of the Board and assessed independence of the independent non-executive Directors 
for the Reporting Year.
The Nomination Committee carries out the process of selecting and recommending candidates 
for directorships by making reference to the balance of expertise, skills, experience, professional 
knowledge, personal integrity and time commitments of such individuals, the requirements of the 
business of the Group and other relevant statutory requirements and regulations. Further, pursuant 
to the terms of reference of the Nomination Committee and the Nomination Policy, the Nomination 
Committee, when reviewing the composition of the Board, will have regard to the Company’s Board 
Diversity Policy and the progress on achieving the objectives set for implementing the said policy. 
The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of diversity of Board members.

--- PAGE 26 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
25
Corporate Governance Report
The Nomination Committee held 1 meeting during the Reporting Year, individual attendance of which 
is as follows:
Attendance  
Mr. Huang Haixiao 1/1
Mr. Tan Wee Seng 1/1
Mr. Meng Yuecheng 1/1
Ms. Huang Xin Rong —/—
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties set out in code provision
A.2.1 of the CG Code, namely: (i) to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices 
on corporate governance and make recommendations to the Board; (ii) to review and monitor the 
training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management; (iii) to 
review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory 
requirements; (iv) to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual 
(including in relation to securities trading) applicable to employees and Directors; and (v) to review 
the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance report in 
the Company’s annual report.
During the Reporting Year and up to the date of this report, the major work performed by the Board 
during the meetings held on 27 March 2025, 15 August 2025, 23 December 2025 and 26 March 2026 
in relation to corporate governance is summarized as follows:
Summary of work relating to corporate governance in 2025/2026:
— developed and reviewed the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and 
made recommendations to the Board;
— reviewed and monitored the training and continuous professional development of Directors and 
senior management;
— reviewed and monitored the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and 
regulatory requirements;
— developed, reviewed and monitored the code of conduct and compliance manual of the 
employees and Directors;
— reviewed the Company’s compliance with the CG Code; and
— endorsed the annual corporate governance report.

--- PAGE 27 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
26
Corporate Governance Report
The Board acknowledges its responsibility in maintaining a sound and effective internal control and 
risk management systems for the Group to safeguard Shareholders’ investments and assets of the 
Company at all time.
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Company conducts an annual review on whether there is a need for an internal audit 
department. Given the Group’s simple operating structure, as opposed to a separate internal audit 
department, the Board is directly responsible for the establishment, maintenance and review of the 
Group’s system of internal controls and risk management throughout the Reporting Year and their 
effectiveness. The Audit Committee has been authorised under its terms of reference to review the 
Company’s financial reporting, financial controls, risk management and internal control systems. 
The Company has engaged an internal control consultant (the “Internal Control Consultant”) to 
review the effectiveness of the internal control measures relating to our business operations. For 
the Reporting Year, the Internal Control Consultant reviewed and analysed funds management, 
tax administration and fixed assets management. The relevant reports from the Internal Control 
Consultant were presented to and reviewed by the Audit Committee and the Board.
The Board considered the risk management and internal control systems of the Group were adequate 
and effective for the Reporting Year. The Board also conducted a review of the adequacy of 
resources, qualifications and experience of staff of the Group’s accounting and financial reporting 
function, and their training programs and budget which are considered to be adequate for the 
Reporting Year.
The Board wishes to emphasise that the risk management and internal control systems are designed 
to manage rather than eliminate risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide 
reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.
PROCEDURES AND INTERNAL CONTROLS FOR THE HANDLING AND 
DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION
The Group strictly follows the requirements of the Securities and Futures Ordinance of (Chapter 571 
of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”) and the Listing Rules and ensures that inside information 
is disclosed to the public as soon as reasonably practicable unless the information falls within 
any of the safe harbours of the SFO. Before inside information is fully disclose to the public, such 
information is kept strictly confidential. In addition, the Group adopted the policy of disclosing 
relevant information only to appropriate staff within the Group.

--- PAGE 28 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
27
Corporate Governance Report
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for the preparation of the consolidated financial 
statements of the Company for the Reporting Year and ensure that they are prepared in accordance 
with the statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards. The Directors also ensure the 
timely publication of the consolidated financial statements.
The statement of the external auditor of the Company with regard to their reporting responsibilities on 
the Company’s consolidated financial statements, is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on 
pages 102 to 105 of this annual report.
The Directors confirm that, to the best of their knowledge, having made all reasonable enquiries, 
they are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cause the 
Company not to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the Directors continue to adopt the going 
concern approach in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
AUDITOR’S STATEMENT
For the Reporting Year, services provided to the Company by its external auditor, Ernst & Young, and 
the fees paid were:
2025
RMB$’000  
Audit services 1,282 
INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Board puts great emphasis on investor relationship in particular fair disclosure and 
comprehensive report of the Company’s performance and activities.
Shareholders are encouraged to attend the general meetings of the Company and the Directors 
always make efforts to fully address any questions raised by the Shareholders at the annual general 
meetings (the “AGM”) and the extraordinary general meetings (the “EGM”) of the Company. In 
addition, Shareholders have the right to nominate a person to stand for election as a director at any 
general meeting by lodging a written notice to the Company.
The forthcoming AGM of the Company will be held on 15 May 2026, the notice of which shall be 
sent to the Shareholders in accordance with the Articles of Association, the Listing Rules and other 
applicable laws and regulations.

--- PAGE 29 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
28
Corporate Governance Report
PROCEDURES FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO CONVENE AN 
EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING AND TO PUT FORWARD 
PROPOSALS AT SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGS
The Shareholders may put forward proposals at general meetings by requisitioning an EGM. Pursuant 
to article 64 of the Articles of Association, EGM may be convened by the Board on the requisition of 
one or more shareholders holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not less than one tenth of 
the paid-up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings. Such requisition 
shall be made in writing to the Board or the Company Secretary for the purpose of requiring an 
EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. 
Such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 
days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) 
himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the 
requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by 
the Company.
Pursuant to article 113 of the Articles of Association, no person other than a Director retiring at 
the meeting shall, unless recommended by the Directors for election, be eligible for election as a 
Director at any general meeting unless a notice signed by a Shareholder (other than the person to 
be proposed) duly qualified to attend and vote at the meeting for which such notice is given of his 
intention to propose such person for election and also a notice signed by the person to be proposed 
of his willingness to be elected shall have been lodged at the Company’s principal place of business 
in Hong Kong (as shown below) provided that the minimum length of the period, during which such 
notice(s) are given, shall be at least seven (7) days and that (if the notices are submitted after the 
dispatch of the notice of the general meeting appointed for such election) the period for lodgement 
of such notice(s) shall commence on the day after the dispatch of the notice of the general meeting 
appointed for such election and end no later than seven (7) days prior to the date of such general 
meeting.
PROCEDURES FOR DIRECTING SHAREHOLDERS’ ENQUIRIES TO THE 
BOARD
The Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing. Contact 
details are as follows:
Shineroad International Holdings Limited
Room 1603, 16/F, China Building
29 Queen’s Road Central
Central, Hong Kong
Email address: info@shineroad.cn
CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
There had been no changes in the memorandum and articles of association of the Company during 
the Reporting Year.

--- PAGE 30 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
29
Corporate Governance Report
SHAREHOLDERS COMMUNICATION POLICY
The objective of the shareholders’ communication policy ensures that Shareholders, and, in 
appropriate circumstances, the investment community at large, are provided with ready, equal 
and timely access to balanced and understandable information about the Company (including 
its financial performance, strategic goals and plans, material developments, governance and risk 
profile), in order to enable Shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner, and to allow 
Shareholders and the investment community to engage actively with the Company.
The Board shall maintain an on-going dialogue with Shareholders and the investment community, and 
will regularly review the shareholders’ communication policy to ensure its effectiveness. Information 
shall be communicated to Shareholders and the investment community mainly through the 
Company’s financial reports (interim and annual reports), annual general meetings and other general 
meetings that may be convened, as well as by making available all the disclosures submitted to the 
Stock Exchange and its corporate communications and other corporate publications on the Company 
website. Effective and timely dissemination of information to Shareholders and the investment 
community shall be ensured at all times. Any question regarding the shareholders’ communication 
policy shall be directed to the Company Secretary.
In addition to Shareholders’ enquiries to the Board, Shareholders may direct their questions about 
their shareholdings to the Company’s branch registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited. Shareholders 
and the investment community may at any time make a request for the Company’s information to the 
extent such information is publicly available.
For additional about the Company, please see the “Investor Relations” section on the Company’s 
website at www.shineroad.com.
Board members, in particular, either the chairmen of Board committees or their delegates, 
appropriate management executives and external auditors are expected to attend AGMs to answer 
Shareholders’ questions. As such, Shareholders are encouraged to attend Shareholders’ activities 
organised by the Company, where information about the Company, including its latest strategic plan, 
products and services will be communicated.
For details of the Shareholders’ communication policy, please visit the Company’s website.
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (“ESG”) REPORT
As required by the Listing Rules, the Company is required to report ESG information of the Group 
on an annual basis and regarding the same period covered in this annual report. Please refer to the 
section headed “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” on pages 48 to 101 of this annual 
report.

--- PAGE 31 ---
Biographical Details of Directors and 
Senior Management
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
30
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Executive Directors
Mr. Huang Haixiao (රऎወ ) (“Mr. Huang”), aged 54, is the founder of the Group, an executive 
Director and the Chairman and one of the controlling Shareholders of the Company. He was 
appointed as a Director on 26 November 2015, and redesignated as the Chairman and an executive 
Director on 30 October 2017. He is responsible for the overall management, strategic and major 
decisions on the development and planning and operation of the Group. Mr. Huang is a director of 
each of Shineroad Holdings Limited, Shineroad Food Holdings Limited (“Shineroad Food”), ؚ
ʮ̡  (Shanghai Shineroad Food Ingredients Co., Ltd.*) (“Shanghai Shineroad”), ̏
ʮ̡  (Beijing Shineroad Food Additives Co., Ltd.*) (“Beijing Shineroad”) and
ʮ̡  (Guangzhou Jieyang Food Technology Company Limited*) (“Guangzhou 
Jieyang”).
Mr. Huang obtained a diploma with major in food science and engineering (baking) professional 
education from Jiangnan University* (ɽኪ ), the PRC in February 2006 and a master’s degree 
in executive business administration (EMBA) from Fudan University* ( ూ͇ɽኪ ), the PRC in January 
2011.
Mr. Huang has more than 32 years’ experience in management of food ingredients and additives 
companies. Mr. Huang started up his own businesses in food ingredients and additives since 1993 
where he was primarily in charge of the general operations of the businesses of the companies which 
allowed him to input his experience into the Group. He founded ʮ̡  (Shanghai 
Shineroad Industries Development Co., Ltd.*) (“Shineroad Industries”), which was then principally 
engaged in distribution of food ingredients and food additives in the PRC, in January 1996 and acted 
as legal representative and director, responsible for its daily operation and management. Since the 
establishment of Guangzhou Jieyang in 2010, Shanghai Shineroad and Beijing Shineroad in 2011, 
Mr. Huang has been responsible for overseeing their overall management. Mr. Huang is one of the 
founder and currently the chairman of board of directors of ʮ̡  (Shanghai 
Hi-Road Food Technology Co., Ltd.*), a company whose shares are listed on the Shenzhen Stock 
Exchange (Stock code: 300915). He was also appointed as a director of Tianye in February 2022.
Ms. Huang Xin Rong (ፄ ) (“Ms. Huang”), aged 32, was appointed as a non-executive Director 
on 30 October 2017 and re-designated as an executive Director and the chief executive officer of 
the Company on 14 January 2019. She is primarily responsible for the overall management and daily 
operations of the Group. She is the daughter of Mr. Huang, who is the founder of the Group, an 
executive Director and the Chairman, and one of the controlling Shareholders. She is also a member 
of the Nomination Committee.
Ms. Huang obtained a bachelor’s degree of science with honours from the University of Toronto, 
Canada in November 2016. She worked as an intern in Shanghai Shineroad from February 2017 to 
September 2017 and has become the general manager of Shineroad Food since September 2017.

--- PAGE 32 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
31
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management 
Mr. Dai Yihui ( Ꮦᆇሾ ) (“Mr. Dai”), aged 45, was appointed as an executive Director on 2 December 
2019. Mr. Dai is responsible for advising the Group on capital operations, financial management and 
overseas development.
Mr. Dai obtained a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Tongji University, the PRC in July 2002 and 
a master’s degree in accounting from Deakin University, Australia in October 2005. He has been a 
member of CPA Australia since 2008. Mr. Dai has more than 17 years of professional experience 
in financial management, capital operation and corporate governance of listed companies. He was 
previously a manager of Ernst & Young China Branch, a business analyst of CITIC Pacific Mining and 
a manager of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu China Branch.
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Tan Wee Seng ( ௓ਃϓ ) (“Mr. Tan”), aged 70, was appointed as an independent non-executive 
Director on 31 May 2018. He is responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the 
operation and management of the Group. He is also the chairman of each of the Audit Committee, the 
Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.
Mr. Tan is a fellow of The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants in United Kingdom 
and of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors. Mr. Tan has over 34 years of experience in financial 
management, corporate finance, merger and acquisition, business management and strategy 
development and specialising in initial public offerings management, investors relationship 
management and corporate governance. Mr. Tan has held various management and senior 
management positions in a number of multi-national corporations. He was previously the managing 
director of AFE Computer Services Limited, a Reuters subsidiary located in Hong Kong which was 
mainly engaged in domestic equity and financial information services, director of Infocast Australia 
Pty Limited, a Reuters subsidiary in Australia, and the regional finance manager of Reuters East Asia 
Region. From January 1999 to June 2002, Mr. Tan was the senior vice president of Reuters for China, 
Mongolia and North Korea regions, and the chief representative of Reuters in China. From January 
2003 to November 2008, Mr. Tan was an executive director, chief financial officer and company 
secretary of Li Ning Company Limited, the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock 
Exchange (Stock Code: 2331).
Mr. Tan is an independent non-executive director and the chairman of remuneration committee 
of Health and Happiness (H&H) International Holdings Limited (formerly known as Biostime 
International Holdings Limited) (Stock Code: 1112), and a non-executive director and the chairman 
of sustainability committee and each a member of audit committee and nomination committee of 
Xtep International Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 1368), an independent non-executive director and 
the chairman of audit committee and member of remuneration committee of CIFI Holdings (Group) 
Co. Limited (Stock Code: 884) and an independent non-executive director and the chairman of 
audit committee and nomination committee of Sa Sa International Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 
178), the shares of all of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Mr. Tan was an 
independent director and chairman of the audit committee of Renesola Ltd (Stock Code: SOL) from 
April 2009 to January 2023, the shares of which are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the 
“NYSE”). He was also an independent non-executive director of Sinopharm Group Co. Limited (Stock 
Code: 1099) from October 2014 to September 2020, and was an independent director and chairman 
of the audit committee of 7 Days Group Holdings Limited (which was listed on the NYSE) between 
November 2009 and July 2013 until it was privatised. He was the chairman of the special committee 
for the privatisation of 7 Days Group Holdings Limited from October 2012 to July 2013.

--- PAGE 33 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
32
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management 
Mr. Chan Ka Kit (௫ ) (“Mr. Chan”), aged 51, was appointed as an independent non-executive 
Director on 31 May 2018. He is responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the 
operation and management of the Group. He is also a member of each of the Audit Committee and 
the Remuneration Committee.
Mr. Chan obtained his bachelor’s degree in accountancy from the City University of Hong Kong in 
November 1997. He has been a certified public accountant of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified 
Public Accountants since October 2005 and a member of Taxation Institute of Hong Kong since 
February 2015 and a member of Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand since October 
2023.
Mr. Chan has over 22 years of experience in handling various projects with companies in Hong Kong 
and the PRC, including accounting and taxation as well as setting up and modifying internal control 
system of group companies. He previously worked as an auditor in Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu from 
September 1997 to September 2004. Mr. Chan was the chief financial officer and company secretary 
of Sparkle Roll Group Limited (Stock code: 970) from January 2008 to August 2010, the chief 
financial officer of North Asia Resources Holdings Limited (now known as Green Leader Holdings 
Group Limited) (Stock code: 61) from August 2010 to March 2011 and the chief financial officer and 
company secretary of Lijun International Pharmaceutical (Holding) Co., Limited (now known as SSY 
Group Limited) (Stock code: 2005) from May 2013 to April 2015, all of whose shares are listed on the 
Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Mr. Chan was an independent non-executive director of Roma 
Group Limited (Stock code: 8072) from September 2011 to March 2016, the shares of which are 
listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange. Since November 2008, he has been the director of Smartact 
(Hong Kong) Limited ( ౽ፑ (ಥ) ʮ̡ ), the principal activities of which are handling the taxation 
matters, companies daily operations, financial management and internal control management for 
enterprises in Hong Kong and the PRC.
Mr. Meng Yuecheng (ϓ ) (“Mr. Meng”), aged 62, was appointed as an independent 
non-executive Director on 31 May 2018. He is responsible for supervising and providing independent 
advice on the operation and management of the Group. He is also a member of each of the Audit 
Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. Mr. Meng obtained a 
bachelor’s degree (major in animal husbandry) from Zhejiang A&F University* ( एϪุ༵ɽኪ ), the 
PRC in July 1984 and a master’s degree (major in livestock processing) from Northeast Agricultural 
University* (ุ༵̏ɽኪ ), the PRC in July 1987. He also obtained a doctoral degree in science 
(major in food science) from Northeast Agricultural University, the PRC in December 1999.
Mr. Meng has over 34 years of experience in food science field. After graduation with a master’s 
degree from the Northeast Agricultural University, Mr. Meng had worked as teaching assistant, 
lecture and associate professor and studied as a doctoral student in the Food Science Faculty of 
the Northeast Agricultural University from August 1987 to June 1995. From July 1995 to July 2002, 
he worked as the director of the research centre, director of the products control department and 
an assistant general manager of Hangzhou Wahaha Group Corporation* (ණྠʮ̡ ), a 
corporation principally engaged in research and development, manufacturing and sales of food 
and beverage. Mr. Meng was the director of the Food Research Institute of Zhejiang University of 
Technology* ( एϪʈุɽኪ ), the PRC from August 2002 to February 2004 and has been the director 
of the Food Science and Engineering Faculty and a tutor of doctoral students in Zhejiang Gongshang 
University* ( एϪʈਠɽኪ ), the PRC since March 2004.

--- PAGE 34 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
33
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management 
Change in Directors’ Biographical Details under Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules
Save for the aforesaid, there has been no change in the Director’s biographical details which are 
required to be disclosed pursuant to rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The following table sets forth certain information of the senior management as at the date of this 
annual report:
Name Age
Date of joining 
the Group Position Role and Responsibilities     
Wang Jingui  
(൮ )
54 3 March 2014 Chief financial 
officer
Responsible for the formulation 
of the financial strategies and 
management and internal control, 
and implementation of the 
corporate financial plan of the PRC 
subsidiaries of the Group
Mr. Wang Jingui (൮ ) (“Mr. Wang”), aged 54, has been the chief financial officer of Shanghai 
Shineroad since 3 March 2014. He is primarily responsible for the formulation of the financial 
strategies and management and internal control, and implementation of the corporate financial 
plan of the PRC subsidiaries of the Group. Mr. Wang was an accountant certified by the Ministry of 
Finance of the PRC in May 1998. He obtained a bachelor degree (part-time) in accountancy from 
Adult Education School of Shanghai Jiao Tong University* ( ɪऎʹஷɽኪ ), the PRC in February 2010. 
Mr. Wang is an associate member of the Certified Management Accountants of the United States in 
2019 and obtained a Master of Business Administration degree from Asia Metropolitan University in 
2020.
Mr. Wang previously worked as the chief financial officer of Shanghai Qiangjing Industry 
Development Investment Holding Company Limited* (ʮ̡ ) from 
March 2010 to February 2014 and investment consultant of Tebon Securities Company Limited* ( ᅃԞ
ப΂ʮ̡ ) from August 2007 to September 2009. He was a financial manager of Shineroad 
Industries from December 1999 to July 2006.

--- PAGE 35 ---
Report of the Directors
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
34
The Directors are pleased to present to the Shareholders their report together with the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Group for the Reporting Year.
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Group is one of the leading distributors of food ingredients and food additives in Asia with 
outstanding research and development capacity. The Company acts as an investment holding 
company. The principal business of the Group are carried out through Shanghai Shineroad Food 
Ingredients Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Jieyang Food Technology Company Limited and Beijing Shineroad 
Food Additives Company Limited. Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are set out in 
note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS
The results for the Reporting Year are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income on pages 106 to 107 of this annual report.
BUSINESS REVIEW
A fair review of the business of the Group during the Reporting Year and a discussion on the 
Group’s future business development are set out in the sections headed “Chairman’s Statement” 
and “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 7 to 14 of this annual report. Discussions on 
the social, labour and environmental policies and performance are set out in the section headed 
“Environmental, Social and Governance Report” on pages 48 to 101 of this annual report.
The above discussions form part of this directors’ report.
PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTY
Various risks and uncertainties that the Group may face: (i) we rely on our major suppliers for the 
supply of our products, and any shortage of, or delay in, the supply may significantly impact on our 
business and results of operation; (ii) our food ingredients and additives involve an inherent risk of 
injury to consumers if they do not meet the required health and safety standards. These injuries may 
result from tampering by unauthorised third parties or product contamination, including the presence 
of foreign contaminants, bacteria, chemicals, pesticides, preservatives or other agents or residues 
during farming, harvesting, transportation and storage; (iii) the food ingredients and additives 
business may be subject to increasingly stringent licencing requirements, environmental protection 
regulations and hygiene standards, which can increase our operating costs. In view of the risks 
associated with financial instruments, the objectives and policies of Group are set out in note 35 to 
the consolidated financial statements.

--- PAGE 36 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
35
Report of the Directors
COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
Strenuous efforts are exerted to ensure compliance with the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions 
in which the Company operates.
1. In relation to social security insurance and housing provident fund contributions, the Group has 
adopted the following measures since November 2017: (i) adopting internal policies to ensure 
compliance with all regulatory requirements in the PRC in relation to social insurance fund and 
housing provident fund contribution, including the procedures to require our administration and 
human resources centre to review periodically that all our existing and incoming employees have 
made social insurance fund and housing provident fund contributions and report to our Board 
should any material non-compliance occurs; and (ii) enhancing the awareness of our employees 
with respect to the importance of participation in social insurance fund and housing provident 
fund by regularly reminding them to make their part of contributions.
2. In relation to inter-company loans, the Group has adopted the following measures to prevent the 
occurrence of the above incident:
a. adopting internal policies in relation to loan advancements to ensure compliance with the 
relevant laws and requirements in the PRC;
b. enhancing the awareness of our Directors, finance staff and other staff in relation to the 
laws and regulations regarding the General Principles of Loans of the PRC* ();
c. arranging staff to conduct regular internal audit on our Group’s borrowings and report to the 
Directors.
At the corporate level, the Group complies with the requirements under the Listing Rules and the SFO 
for, among other things, the disclosure of information and corporate governance, and the Group has 
adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.
KEY RELATIONSHIPS WITH EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The Group’s success also depends on the support from key stakeholders which comprise employees, 
customers and suppliers.
Employees
Employees are regarded as important and valuable assets of the Group. The Group had 159 
employees as at 31 December 2025. The objective of the Group’s human resource management 
is to reward and recognise performing staff by providing a competitive remuneration package and 
implementing a sound performance appraisal system with appropriate incentives, and to promote 
career development and progression by appropriate training and providing opportunities within the 
Group for career advancement.
Customers
The Group’s major customers are food ingredients and additives processing companies, 
manufacturers and trading companies. The Group supplied food ingredients and additives to over 
1,200 customers in the PRC which varied in terms of size and business nature.

--- PAGE 37 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
36
Report of the Directors
Suppliers
The Group firmly believes that its success is largely driven by its ability to source quality products 
from reputable food ingredients and additives manufacturers and to provide an extensive product 
portfolio for the customers. The Group emphasises the importance of selecting its suppliers as it 
believes the supply of quality products is one of the key factors for the Group to succeed in the food 
ingredients and additives distribution industry. The management typically selects the suppliers based 
on a number of criteria such as brand reputation, on-going compliance with relevant food safety laws, 
product quality, price competitiveness and supply capabilities. The Group has its approved list of 
suppliers. Before engaging a new supplier or including the new supplier into the approved supplier 
list, the Group performs background checks on the National Enterprise Credit Information Publicity 
System regarding the relevant supplier.
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
Due to the nature of the Group’s business, the Group is not required to apply for environmental 
related licences and permits. As at the date of this annual report, the Group has not come across any 
material non-compliance issues in respect of any applicable laws and regulations on environmental 
protection.
RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Group during the Reporting Year are set out in note 31 to 
the consolidated financial statement.
BANK BORROWINGS
Details of the bank borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2025 are set out in note 25 to the 
consolidated financial statements.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Movements in property, plant and equipment during the Reporting Year and details of the Group’s 
property, plant and equipment are set out in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
SHARE CAPITAL
Details of movements during the year in the share capital of the Company are set out in note 30 to the 
consolidated financial statements.
EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Save as disclosed in this annual report relating to the “Share Option Scheme”, no equity-linked 
agreements were entered into during the Reporting Year or subsisted at the end of the Reporting 
Year.
PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
A directors’ liability insurance is currently in place to protect the Directors against potential costs and 
liabilities arising from claims brought against the Directors.

--- PAGE 38 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
37
Report of the Directors
DIRECTORS
The Directors during the Reporting year and up to the date of this annual report were:
Executive Directors
Mr. Huang Haixiao (Chairman of the Board)
Ms. Huang Xin Rong (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Dai Yihui
Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Tan Wee Seng
Mr. Chan Ka Kit
Mr. Meng Yuecheng
In accordance with the Articles of Association, one-third of the Directors for the time being shall retire 
from office by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at an AGM at least 
once every three years and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election for the forthcoming year. 
Mr. Dai Yihui and Mr. Tan Wee Seng will retire at the forthcoming AGM and will offer themselves for 
re-election.
DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
None of the Directors proposed for election at the forthcoming AGM has or is proposed to have a 
service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Group 
within one year without payment compensation, other than the statutory compensation.
DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT 
POSITIONS IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES 
OF THE COMPANY OR ANY ASSOCIATED CORPORATION
As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of Directors and/or the chief executive 
of the Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of its 
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register 
required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to 
the Company and the Stock Exchange Limited pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO or 
pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:
(i) Long position in the Shares
Name of Director Capacity/Nature
Number of 
Shares held/
interested in
Percentage 
of interest    
Mr. Huang Haixiao  
(Mr. Huang) (Note)
Interest in controlled corporation 510,000,000 75%

--- PAGE 39 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
38
Report of the Directors
(ii) Long position in the ordinary shares of associated corporations
Name of Director
Name of associated 
corporation Capacity/Nature
Number of 
Shares held/
interested in
Percentage of 
interest     
Mr. Huang (Note) Ocean Town Company 
Limited (“Ocean Town”)
Beneficial owner 1 100%
Mr. Huang (Note) Shineroad Group Limited 
(“Shineroad Group”)
Interest in 
controlled 
corporation
1 100%
Note:   Mr. Huang beneficially owns the entire issued share capital of Ocean Town, which beneficially owns the entire 
issued share capital of Shineroad Group. Therefore, each of Mr. Huang and Ocean Town is deemed to be 
interested in 510,000,000 Shares held by Shineroad Group for the purpose of the SFO.
Save as disclosed in the foregoing, as at 31 December 2025, none of the Directors or chief executive 
of the Company or their respective close associates had any interests or short positions in any 
Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations as 
recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise 
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO 
or pursuant to the Model Code.
ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At no time during the Reporting Year was the Company, its holding company, or its subsidiaries a 
party to any arrangements to enable the Directors (including their spouse and children under 18 
years of age) to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in, or debentures of, the 
Company or any other body corporate.
SHARE OPTION SCHEME
On 31 May 2018, the then shareholders of the Company approved and conditionally adopted a share 
option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) to enable the Company to grant options to eligible 
participants (the “Eligible Participants”) as incentives and rewards for their contribution to the 
Group.
The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide the Eligible Participants an opportunity to have 
a personal stake in the Company with the view to achieving the following objectives: (i) motivating 
the Eligible Participants to optimise their performance efficiency for the benefit of the Group; and (ii) 
attracting and retaining or otherwise maintaining on-going business relationships with the Eligible 
Participants whose contributions are or will be beneficial to the long-term growth of the Group.

--- PAGE 40 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
39
Report of the Directors
The Board may, at its discretion, offer to grant an option to subscribe for such number of new 
Shares as the Board may determine to the following persons: (i) any full-time or part-time employees, 
executives or officers of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (ii) any directors (including 
non-executive directors and independent non-executive directors) of the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries; (iii) any advisers, consultants, suppliers, customers and agents to the Company or any 
of its subsidiaries; and (iv) such other persons who, in the sole opinion of the Board, will contribute 
or have contributed to the Group. The basis of eligibility of any participant to the grant of any option 
shall be determined by the Board (or as the case may be, where required under the Listing Rules, our 
independent non-executive Directors) from time to time on the basis of the participant’s contribution 
or potential contribution to the development and growth of the Group.
The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options (excluding, for this 
purpose, options which have lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme and 
any other share option scheme of the Company) to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and 
any other share option scheme of the Company must not in aggregate exceed 68,000,000 Shares, 
being 10% of the total number of the Shares in issue as at the Listing Date.
The total number of Shares issued and which may fall to be issued upon exercise of the options 
granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other scheme of our Company (including both 
exercised and outstanding options) to each participant in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% 
of the total number of the Shares in issue for the time being. Any further grant of options in excess of 
the 1% limit shall be subject to Shareholders’ approval in general meeting with such participant and 
his associates abstaining from voting.
An offer for the grant of option must be accepted within seven days from the offer date. Options 
granted shall be taken up upon payment of HK$1.00 as consideration for the grant of option. Options 
may be exercised at any time from the date which option is deemed to be granted and accepted and 
expired on the date as the Board in its absolute discretion determine and which shall not exceeding a 
period of 10 years from the date on which the share options are deemed to be granted and accepted 
but subject to the provisions for early termination thereof contained in the Share Option Scheme.
The subscription price for the ordinary shares under the Share Option Scheme shall be determined 
by the Board and shall not be less than the highest of: (i) the closing price of the Shares as stated in 
the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets on the date of grant, which must be a day on which the 
Stock Exchange is open for the business of dealing in securities; (ii) the average of the closing prices 
of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the five business days 
immediately preceding the date of grant; and (iii) the nominal value of a Share.
The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing from 31 
May 2018.
No share option has been granted by the Company under the Share Option Scheme since its 
adoption and during the Reporting Year. There is no outstanding or unvested share option at the 
beginning and the end of the Reporting Year.

--- PAGE 41 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
40
Report of the Directors
INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF THE SUBSTANTIAL 
SHAREHOLDERS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE 
COMPANY
As at 31 December 2025, so far as the Directors are aware, the interest and short positions of the 
persons, other than a Director or chief executive of the Company, in the Shares and underlying 
Shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept under section 336 of the SFO 
and which fell to be disclosed to the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO are as 
follows:
Name Capacity/Nature of interest
Number of 
Shares held/
Interested in
Percentage 
of interest    
Ocean Town (Note 1) Interest in controlled corporation 510,000,000 75%
Shineroad Group (Note 1) Beneficial owner 510,000,000 75%
Ms. Chen Dongying (Note 2) Interest of spouse 510,000,000 75%
Asian Equity Special Opportunities 
Portfolio Master Fund Limited
Beneficial owner 37,620,000 5.53%
RAYS Capital Partners Limited Investment manager 37,620,000 5.53%
Notes:
1. Such 510,000,000 Shares are held by Shineroad Group as a registered holder. The entire issued share capital of 
Shineroad Group is wholly-owned by Ocean Town. Therefore, Ocean Town is deemed to be interested in 510,000,000 
Shares held by Shineroad Group for the purpose of the SFO.
2. Ms. Chen Dongying is the spouse of Mr. Huang and is therefore deemed to be interested in 510,000,000 Shares in which 
Mr. Huang has, or is deemed to have, for the purpose of the SFO.
Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, the Directors are not aware of any other persons 
or corporations (other than the Directors and chief executive of the Company) who/which had any 
interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which would fall to be 
disclosed to the Company under the Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which were recorded 
in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.

--- PAGE 42 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
41
Report of the Directors
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR 
CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed “Continuing Connected Transactions” and the related 
party transactions as disclosed in note 21 to the consolidated financial statements, there were no 
other transactions, arrangements or contracts that are significant in relation to the business of the 
Group to which the Company or any of its subsidiary was a party and in which a Director or his/her 
connected entity had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at any time during 
the Reporting Year.
MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of 
the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Year.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed “Continuing Connected Transactions”, the significant 
related party transactions that did not constitute connected transactions under the Listing Rules 
made during the Reporting Year were disclosed in note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.
COMPETING INTEREST
There was no competing business of which any Directors or their respective close associates had 
a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted as at 31 December 2025 or at any time 
during the Reporting Year.
DEED OF NON-COMPETITION
In order to avoid any possible future competition between the Group and the controlling 
Shareholders, each of Mr. Huang, Ocean Town and Shineroad Group (collectively, the 
“Covenantors”) entered into a deed of non-competition (the “Deed of Non-competition”) on 31 
May 2018 in favour of the Company (for itself and for the benefit of each other member of the 
Group). Pursuant to the Deed of Non-competition, each of the Covenantors has irrevocably and 
unconditionally undertaken to the Company (for itself and for the benefit of each other member of 
the Group) that, during the term of the Deed of Non-competition, he/it shall not, and shall procure 
his/its close associates (other than the members of the Group) not to, directly or indirectly engage, 
participate, invest or hold any right or interest in or render any services to or otherwise be involved 
in any business in competition with or likely to be in competition with the existing business activity of 
any member of the Group or any business activity to be conducted by any member of the Group in 
the future from time to time within the PRC, Hong Kong and such other parts of the world (excluding 
the Excluded Businesses (as defined in the Prospectus)), save for the holding of not more than 5% 
shareholding interests (individually or with his/its close associates) in any company listed on the 
Stock Exchange or a recognised stock exchange and at any time the relevant listed company shall 
have at least one shareholder (individually or with her/his/its close associates, if applicable) whose 
shareholding interests in the relevant listed company is higher than that of the relevant Covenantor 
(individually or with his/its close associates).

--- PAGE 43 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
42
Report of the Directors
When business opportunities which may compete with the business of the Group arise, the respective 
Covenantor(s) shall, and shall procure their respective close associates (other than the members of 
the Group) to, give the Company notice in writing and the Company shall have a right of first refusal 
to take up such business opportunities. The Company shall only exercise the right of first refusal 
upon the approval of all the independent non-executive Directors (who do not have any interest in 
such proposed transactions). The relevant Covenantor(s) and the other conflicting Directors (if any) 
shall abstain from participating in and voting at and shall not be counted as quorum at all meetings of 
the Board where there is a conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest including but not limited 
to the relevant meeting of the independent non-executive Directors for considering whether or not to 
exercise the right of first refusal.
The Company has received the annual confirmation of the Covenantors in respect of their compliance 
with the non-competition undertakings under the Deed of Non-competition during the Reporting 
Year. The independent non-executive Directors also reviewed the Covenantors’ compliance with the 
non-competition undertakings.
The independent non-executive Directors confirmed that the Covenantors were not in breach of the 
non-competition undertakings during the Reporting Year.
REMUNERATION POLICY
The remuneration policy of the Group is set up by the Remuneration Committee by reference to 
prevailing market terms and in accordance with the job scope, responsibilities and performance of 
each individual employee.
The Company has adopted the Share Option Scheme pursuant to which the Directors and employees 
of the Group are entitled to participate. The local employees are also entitled to discretionary bonus 
depending on their respective performances and the profitability of the Group.
PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S SECURITIES
None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of its listed 
securities during the Reporting Year.
PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the laws of the 
Cayman Islands which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing 
shareholders.
TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
The Company is not aware of any relief on taxation available to the Shareholders by reason of their 
holding of the Shares. If the Shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, 
holding, disposing of, dealing in, or exercising of any rights in relation to the Shares, they are advised 
to consult their professional advisers.

--- PAGE 44 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
43
Report of the Directors
CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
During the Reporting Year, the Group had the following connected transactions, details of which are 
disclosed in compliance with the requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
1. New Master Purchase Agreements with ʮ̡  (Shanghai 
Hi-Road Food Technology Co., Ltd.*) (“Hi-Road”) and ʮ̡  
(Zhejiang Teaheals Bio-tech Co., Ltd.*) (“Teaheals”)
On 8 November 2024, Shineroad Food (as purchaser) entered into the new master purchase 
agreement (the “New Hi-Road Master Purchase Agreement”) with Hi Road (as seller), under 
which Shineroad Food agreed to purchase food flavourings, chocolate, dairy-based compound, 
fruit jam and other food ingredients and additives from Hi-Road and Hi-morse Food on a 
non-exclusive basis for a term of three years from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2027. The 
New Hi-Road Master Purchase Agreement renews the master purchase agreement which was 
entered into with Hi Road andʮ̡  (Shanghai Hi-morse Food Additives Co., 
Ltd.*) (“Hi-morse Food”) on25 October 2021 as it expired. The purchase price, payment time 
and method, and other specific terms or conditions (if any) shall be fixed by the relevant parties 
in the purchase order on a case-by-case basis.
Also, on 8 November 2024, Shineroad Food (as purchaser) entered into the new master 
purchase agreement (the “New Teaheals Master Purchase Agreement”, together with the New 
Hi-Road Master Purchase Agreement, the “New Master Purchase Agreements”) with Teaheals 
(as seller), under which Shineroad Food agreed to purchase tea powder, herbal powder and 
fruit powder products from Teaheals on a non-exclusive basis for a term of three years from 1 
January 2025 to 31 December 2027. The New Teaheals Master Purchase Agreement renews 
the master purchase agreement which was entered into with Teaheals on 25 October 2021 as it 
expired. The purchase price, payment time and method, and other specific terms or conditions 
(if any) shall be fixed by the relevant parties in the purchase order on a case-by-case basis.
Since the terms and nature of the New Hi-Road Master Purchase Agreement and the New 
Teaheals Master Purchase Agreement are substantially the same, and the counterparties and/
or the ultimate beneficial owner of the counterparties under both master purchase agreements 
are the same, the transactions contemplated under both Master Purchase Agreements were 
aggregated pursuant to the Listing Rules.
Mr. Huang is the chairman, executive Director and controlling shareholder of the Company 
and therefore a connected person of the Company. Each of Hi-Road and Teaheals is owned 
as to more than 30% by Mr. Huang together with his associates and therefore an associate of 
Mr. Huang. and therefore is a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules, the 
transactions under the New Hi-Road Master Purchase Agreement and the New Teaheals Master 
Purchase Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company.
Pursuant to the New Master Purchase Agreements, the respectively annual caps for purchase 
incurred by the Group from Hi-Road and Teaheals in total are approximately RMB45.0 million, 
RMB54.7 million and RMB66.4 million for the Reporting Year, 2026 and 2027, respectively.

--- PAGE 45 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
44
Report of the Directors
The aggregate actual annual transaction amounts for purchases incurred by the Group from 
Hi-Road and Teaheals for the Reporting Year was approximately RMB29.7 million, which did not 
exceed the corresponding annual cap for the Reporting Year.
For details of both Master Purchase Agreements, please refer to the Company’s announcement 
dated 8 November 2024 and the circular dated 11 December 2024.
2. New Master Supply Agreement with Hi-Road, Hi-morse Food and Teaheals
On 8 November 2024, Shineroad Food (as seller) and Hi-Road a (as purchaser) entered into a 
Hi-Road master supply agreement (the “New Hi-Road Master Supply Agreement”) in relation 
to the supply of sucrose esters ( ᇰጟ◐ ), vanillin (ᚆ९ ), condensed milk, frozen cream and 
other food ingredients and additives by the Group to Hi-Road for a term of three years from 1 
January 2026 to 31 December 2027. The selling price, payment time and method, and other 
specific terms or conditions (if any) shall be fixed by relevant parties in the purchase order on a 
case-by-case basis.
Also, on 8 November 2024, Shineroad Food (as sellers) and Teaheals (as purchaser) entered 
into a master supply agreement (the “New Teaheals Master Supply Agreement”, together with 
the New Hi-Road Master Supply Agreement, the “New Master Supply Agreements”) in relation 
to the supply of non-dairy creamer, cheese powder, resistant dextrin and other food ingredients 
and additives by the Group to Teaheals for a term of three years from 1 January 2025 to 31 
December 2027. The selling price, payment time and method, and other specific terms or 
conditions (if any) shall be fixed by relevant parties in the purchase order on a case-by-case 
basis.
As mentioned above, each of Hi-Road and Teaheals is a connected person of the Company 
under the Listing Rules. Thus, the transactions under the New Master Supply Agreements 
constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company. Pursuant to the New Master 
Supply Agreements, the respectively annual caps for supply of products by the Group to 
Hi-Road and Teaheals are approximately RMB29.9 million, RMB35.9 million and RMB43.1 million 
for the Reporting Year, 2026 and 2027, respectively.
The aggregate actual transaction amount for supply of food ingredients and additives by the 
Group to Hi-Road and Teaheals was approximately RMB19.0 million for the Reporting Year, 
which did not exceed the corresponding annual cap for the Reporting Year.
For details of both New Master Supply Agreements, please refer to the Company’s 
announcement dated 8 November 2024 and the circular dated 11 December 2024.

--- PAGE 46 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
45
Report of the Directors
Annual review and confirmation in pursuance of Rules 14A.55 and 14A.56 of the 
Listing Rules
The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed and confirmed in pursuance of Rule 14A.55 
of the Listing Rules that the continuing connected transactions of the Group during the Reporting 
Year were carried out (i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (ii) on normal 
commercial terms at which the transactions are either on an arm’s length basis or on terms no less 
favorable to the Company than terms available to or from (as appropriate) independent third parties; 
and (iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and 
reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.
To comply with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the 
Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance 
Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical 
Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing 
Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of 
Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has provided a letter to confirm the followings in respect of 
the continuing connected transactions set out above:
(i) nothing has come to the attention of the auditor that causes them to believe that the continuing 
connected transactions have not been approved by the Board;
(ii) for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come 
to the attention of the auditor that causes them to believe that the continuing connected 
transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the 
Group;
(iii) nothing has come to the attention of the auditor that causes them to believe that the continuing 
connected transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the 
relevant agreements governing such transactions; and
(iv) with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions, 
nothing has come to the attention of the auditor that causes them to believe that the continuing 
connected transactions have exceeded the annual cap as set by the Company.

--- PAGE 47 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
46
Report of the Directors
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
The corporation governance report of the Group during the Reporting Year is set out in the sections 
headed “Corporate Governance Report” on pages 15 to 29 of this annual report.
MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
During the Reporting Year, sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for 24.06% of the 
Group’s sales for the year and sales to the Group’s largest customer included therein accounted for 
9.09%.
During the Reporting Year, purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for 66.67% 
of the Group’s total purchases for the year and purchases from the Group’s largest supplier included 
therein accounted for 31.76%.
None of the Directors, their close associates or any Shareholder (which to the knowledge of the 
Directors own more than 5% of the number of issued Shares) had an interest in the major customers 
or suppliers noted above.
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
Save as disclosed in this annual report, there was no important event affecting the Group that had 
occurred since the end of the Reporting Year.
PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the 
Directors, as at the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report, the Company (i) 
has 680,000,000 ordinary shares in issue, among which 510,000,000 shares are owned by Mr. Huang 
(the chairman, executive Director and controlling shareholder of the Company and therefore a core 
connected person of the Company) and 170,000,000 shares are owned by the public; and (ii) is in 
compliance of Rule 13.32 B of the Listing Rules and maintained a public float of 25.0%.
FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the consolidated results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five 
financial years is set out on page 180.
CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
For the purposes of determining the Shareholders’ eligibility to attend and vote at the AGM of the 
Company to be held on 15 May 2026 (Friday) (the “2026 AGM”), the register of members of the 
Company will be closed from 11 May 2026 (Monday) to 15 May 2026 (Friday), both days inclusive. 
During the closure period, no transfer of Shares will be registered. To be eligible to attend and vote at 
the 2026 AGM, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the 
Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, 
at Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on 8 May 
2026 (Friday).

--- PAGE 48 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
47
Report of the Directors
AUDITOR
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been audited by Ernst & Young who shall 
retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment at the 2026 AGM. Having approved by 
the Board upon the recommendation of the Audit Committee, a resolution to re-appoint Ernst & Young 
as the independent auditor of the Company and to authorise the Board to fix its remuneration will be 
proposed at the forthcoming 2026 AGM.
On behalf of the Board
Mr. Huang Haixiao
Chairman
Hong Kong, 26 March 2026
* The English names are for identification purpose only

--- PAGE 49 ---
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
48
BOARD STATEMENT
Dear Stakeholders,
The Group is pleased to present the 2025 Environment, Social and Governance Report. We place the 
sustainable development goal at the forefront of our long-term objectives, integrating climate-related 
issues and environment, social and governance elements into the long-term planning of the Group’s 
business strategy, with the Board, as the most important leadership role in the Group, having overall 
responsibility for steering, directly managing, and overseeing environment, social and governance 
issues.
We have set clear short-term and long-term sustainability visions to achieve carbon neutrality by 2060 
and have established relevant emission reduction targets and corresponding strategies to integrate 
sustainability considerations into our strategic planning, business model and other decision-making 
processes. The Board regularly monitors and reviews the effectiveness of management practices, 
including reviewing the Group’s environment, social and governance performance and adjusting 
action plans accordingly. The effective environment, social and governance policy implementation 
relies on the cooperation of different departments, we have established a cross-departmental 
environment, social and governance working group to coordinate and promote cooperation among 
different departments to achieve consistent and expected performance in terms of reaching the 
emission reduction and energy saving targets. During the Reporting Year, the Group’s energy 
conservation and emission reduction management systems were implemented more effectively, 
while progress continued towards its established short-term and long-term sustainable development 
vision and objectives. During the Reporting Year, we put effort into enhancing employee benefits and 
organising team-building activities, in order to cultivate employees’ sense of belonging. Furthermore, 
the Group is committed to sustaining investments in community sustainable development, 
engaging in and advocating public welfare initiatives, and striving to uphold a higher level of social 
responsibility while giving back to the society.
The Group endeavours to ensure the establishment of applicable and effective risk management 
and internal control system to oversee the identification and assessment of environment, social and 
governance, and climate-related risks and opportunities. We also value the communication with the 
stakeholders. We regularly review our communication channels and platforms with our stakeholders 
to ensure that information flows to capture the concerns of key stakeholders on issues that have a 
significant impact on our business.
Looking ahead, the Board will continue in reviewing and monitoring the Group’s environmental, 
social and governance performance and continue to provide stakeholders with reliable, consistent, 
and comparable key environmental, social and governance information to work together for a better 
environment.
Regards,
Huang Haixiao
Chairman
Shineroad International Holdings Limited

--- PAGE 50 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
49
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
ABOUT THIS REPORT
Shineroad International Holdings Limited (the “Company” together with its subsidiaries, hereinafter 
referred to as the “Group” or “we” or “us”) is pleased to present 2025 Environmental, Social and 
Governance Report (the “ESG Report” or the “Report”) to summarise the Group’s policies, measures 
and performance on the key environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) issues.
Reporting Period
The ESG Report illustrates the overall performance of the Group regarding the environmental and 
social aspects from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025 (the “Reporting Year” or the “Reporting 
Period” or “2025”).
Reporting Scope and Boundaries
The information disclosed in the ESG Report covers the core and material business units of the Group 
in Shanghai, Beijing and Guangzhou, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), including the 
operations of office, laboratory and warehouse, accounting for approximately 92.61% of the Group’s 
revenue for the year end 31 December 2025. The reporting scope for the Reporting Year has no 
significant changes from the previous reporting year. If the scope and boundaries of the specific 
contents vary, they are noted in the relevant section of the ESG Report.
Reporting Basis
The ESG Report is prepared in accordance with the ESG Reporting Code as set out in Appendix C2 
“Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Code” (“the Code”) of the “Rules Governing the 
Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited” (the “Main Board Listing Rules”) 
issued by the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) and on the basis of the 
four reporting principles — materiality, quantitative, balance and consistency.
The information contained herein is sourced from official documents and statistics of the Group, as 
well as the combined control, management and operations information provided by the subsidiaries 
in accordance with the Group’s relevant policies. A complete content index is appended to the last 
chapter hereof for quick reference. The ESG Report is prepared and published in both Chinese and 
English. In the event of contradiction or inconsistency between the Chinese version and the English 
version, the Chinese version shall prevail.
Review and Approval
This ESG Report was approved by the Board of directors on 26 March 2026, after confirmation by the 
management of the Group. An electronic version of this ESG Report is available on the HKExnews 
website (www.hkexnew.hk).
Information and Feedback
The Group respects your view on the ESG Report. Should you have any opinions or suggestions, you 
are welcome to share with the Group at info@shineroad.com.

--- PAGE 51 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
50
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
ESG GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
In adherence to the principles of “Sincerity, Standardisation, Efficiency, Safety”, the Group strictly 
complies with applicable laws and regulations, and is committed to integrating ESG considerations 
into its operations. The Group endeavours to create sustainable value for stakeholders, meet their 
diverse expectations, and fulfil its responsibilities as a responsible corporate citizen. To continuously 
enhance the Group’s sustainable development governance structure, we have established an ESG 
governance framework comprising the Board, Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, the 
Management and the ESG Working Group. This framework defines the roles and responsibilities 
of each tier to systematically identify, assess and manage ESG matters, including climate-related 
risks and opportunities, and integrate them into strategic decision-making, business planning, risk 
management and daily operations, thereby ensuring that relevant objectives and strategies are 
effectively set, implemented, monitored and reported.
Governance Structure
The Group’s ESG governance framework is summarised below:
The Board
Audit
Committee
Remuneration 
Committee
The Management
ESG Working Group

--- PAGE 52 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
51
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Roles and Responsibilities within the ESG Governance Framework
The Board
• Lead and oversee the Group’s ESG strategies, policies, purpose and objectives, manage and 
promote core business values, and bear ultimate responsibility for the Group’s ESG affairs.
• Oversee climate-related risks and opportunities, ensure the smooth delivery and compliance 
of climate initiatives, and establish governance mechanisms to integrate climate-related risks 
and opportunities into decision-making.
• Review and approve major operational matters (including climate-related strategies and 
policies), monitor progress and performance on climate issues (such as target delivery), and 
hold annual discussions on ESG matters (including climate-related issues).
Audit Committee (Board Level)
• Ensure high-quality and timely investor-grade information disclosures covering climate-related 
issues and safeguards compliance with new regulations.
• Oversee operational risks, integrates climate-related risks into the enterprise risk management 
framework, prioritises such risks, and reports annually to the Board.
Remuneration Committee (Board Level)
• Formulate and review the Group’s overall remuneration structure, remuneration policies 
and relevant guidelines, ensuring alignment with the Group’s strategies and sustainable 
development objectives.
• Oversee the implementation of remuneration policies to ensure fairness, transparency and 
compliance with applicable regulatory requirements.
The Management (Management Level)
• Oversee and report annually to the Board on the Group’s ESG (including climate-related) 
affairs, and formulate and review relevant strategies and management approaches.
• Supervise ESG (including climate-related) matters, and regularly approve and review ESG 
(including climate-related) targets and initiatives.
• Lead and supervise the ESG Working Group in implementing all ESG (including climate-
related) work, advancing the Group’s sustainable development strategy.
ESG Working Group (Operational Level)
• Comprise senior management and key representatives from various departments, authorised 
by the Board under its terms of reference.
• Coordinate ESG data collection, policy implementation and target delivery, and collaborates 
with external consultants to complete the preparation of the ESG Report.
• Coordinate internal and external communication and engagement, hold meetings at least once 
a year, and regularly report to the Management on the implementation and performance of 
ESG initiatives.

--- PAGE 53 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
52
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
The Group has established mechanisms and procedures for selecting qualified candidates to serve 
as Board members, ensuring the attraction and retention of relevant talent. The Group also plans to 
develop a dedicated programme to continuously enhance the professional skills and capabilities of 
the Board and senior management on climate-related matters.
The Board reviews annually the Group’s ESG (including climate-related) performance, and reviews 
and approves the Group’s annual ESG Report. We strike a balance between corporate development, 
community interests and environmental protection, and are committed to achieving sustainability 
across our strategy and operations.
Stakeholder Engagement
Stakeholders’ opinions are the solid foundation for the Group’s sustainable development and 
success. Stakeholder engagement enables the Group to develop a business strategy that better align 
with stakeholder needs and expectations, enhance risk foresight and strengthen key relationships. 
Stakeholders can express their opinions on ESG through various channels. The relevant stakeholders 
of the Group and their engagement platforms are as follows:
Stakeholder Engagement Platform  
Government and  
regulatory agencies
• Annual reports, interim reports, ESG reports and other public 
information
Shareholders and investors • Annual general meetings and other general meetings of 
shareholders
• Company’s website
• Press releases/announcements
• Annual reports, interim reports, ESG reports and other public 
information
Peer Industry • Exhibitions
Employees • Training
• Meetings
• Employee organisations
• Performance evaluation
• Leisure activities
Customers • Fax, email and customer service hotline
• Product and service feedback
Suppliers • Annual audit
• Meetings
• On-site visits

--- PAGE 54 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
53
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Materiality Assessment
The Group conducts internal and external materiality assessments to identify issues for disclosure 
in its ESG Report. By considering the dependence and influence on the Group of the stakeholders 
and the availability of resources for the Group, the management has identified key stakeholders and 
conducted a survey with them. Stakeholders have provided views and recommendations on issues 
arising from the Group’s operations. We determine the level of disclosure in this ESG Report based 
on the materiality of the issue to the business and its importance to stakeholders. Meanwhile, climate-
related risks and opportunities are also critical matters that could reasonably be expected to affect 
the Group’s capital and financial performance in the short, medium and long term.
Consolidating the results of internal assessment and the survey, the Group has complied the 
materiality matrix (refer to the diagram below).
Materiality Matrix
*NQBDUPOUIF(SPVQ
23
24
11
18
19
27
13
10
16
20
14
8
9
7
5
1
2
2
21
25
26
15
22
17
12
28
6
4
3
*NQBDUPOUIF4UBLFIPMEFS

--- PAGE 55 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
54
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
In 2025, the identified material topics are as follows:
  
Topics of High Importance 11 Employment practices
12 Diversity and equal opportunities
15 Staff development and training
17 Responsible supply chain management
21 Customer satisfaction
22 Intellectual property
23 Safety of projects/services/products
24 Quality of projects/services/products
25 Business ethics
26 Anti-corruption training for management and employees
Topics of Medium Importance 5 Energy efficiency
7 Use of raw and packaging materials
8 Environmental regulations compliance
13 Anti-discrimination
14 Staff occupational health and safety
16 Child labour and forced labour
18 Environmental friendliness on products or service purchased
19 Compliance with regulations on marketing, product and 
service labelling
20 Customers’ privacy and confidentiality
Topics of General Importance 1 Air Emissions
2 Greenhouse gas (“GHG”) Emissions
3 Effluents management
4 Waste management
6 Water efficiency
9 Land use, pollution and restoration
10 Climate change
27 Contributions to the society
28 Communication and connection with local community

--- PAGE 56 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
55
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
ENVIRONMENTAL ASPECTS
Emissions
Policy of the Group, Laws and Regulations Related to Emissions
Regarding the nature of its business, the Group does not generate a large amount of industrial 
pollutants or have a significant impact on the environment, including air pollutants and hazardous 
waste. Therefore, the Group is not required to apply for environmental licenses or permits, nor are 
there any environmental laws and regulations with significant impact on the Group. The Group closely 
monitors the development of relevant environmental regulations to ensure that the Group’s operations 
are in line with the concept of environmental protection. During the Reporting Year, the Group did 
not receive any fine, complaint or warning related to any material non-compliance in respect of 
GHG emissions, harmful gas emissions, air emissions, noise emissions, water emissions and waste 
emissions.
In line with the national policy on energy conservation and emission reduction, we have developed 
the “Energy-saving and Emission Reduction Management System” and set clear emission reduction 
targets. By 2030, the short-term goal is to reduce all emissions (including air pollutants, GHG, 
hazardous and non-hazardous waste, and sewage), energy use (including electricity), and resource 
consumption (including water and paper) by 2% in every reporting year. The medium-to long-term 
goal is to gradually adopt renewable energy sources and use low-power products, maintain a steady 
pace of progress, and promote green development.
Types of Air Emission and Emission Data
Petrol combustion of vehicle fleet in Mainland China (“Mainland China”) was the major source of 
the Group’s air emissions. During the Reporting Year, the Group’s air emissions were comparable to 
the previous year. During the year, the Group allocated resources to procure electric vehicles and 
plans to gradually replace conventional fuel-powered vehicles with electric vehicles, continuously 
advancing the low-carbon transition of its vehicle fleet.
During the Reporting Year, the air emission data 1 were as follows:
Air Emission 2 Unit 2025 2024    
Nitrogen Oxide (NO x) kilograms 37.46 37.37
Sulphur Oxide (SO x) kilograms 0.10 0.10
Particle Matter (PM) kilograms 1.25 1.26
1 The data covers emissions from the Group’s vehicles at the Group’s business units in Shanghai and Guangzhou.
2 The calculation of the corresponding air emission assessment figures and the emission factors used for the calculation 
are based on the “How to Prepare ESG Report” and its Annex “Appendix 2: Reporting guidance on Environmental KPIs” 
issued by the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, and the “ Technical Guidelines for the Compilation of Emission Inventories 
of Air Pollutants from Road Vehicles (Trial) ༊Б”, “Pollutant Emission Limits 
and Measurement Methods for Light Duty Vehicles (China Phase VI) ج(  ݬ ”) 

--- PAGE 57 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
56
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Waste Management
The Group’s hazardous waste mainly arises from office printing supplies, including toner cartridges 
and ink cartridges. Hazardous waste was disposed under the reused manner, in order to reduce 
impact on the environment.
During the Reporting Year, the hazardous waste data of the Group were as follows:
Type of Waste 3 Unit 2025 2024    
Total Hazardous Waste tonnes 0.0027 0.0038
Toner Cartridge piece 23 36
Ink Cartridge piece 11 —
The Group’s waste was mainly from scrap products, generally as non-hazardous waste, which 
includes food ingredients, additives and milk powder, etc. Non-hazardous waste is collected by 
waste contractors for disposal or repurposing as animal feed. During the Reporting Year, the Group 
generated approximately 37.44 tonnes of non-hazardous waste (2024: 32.91 tonnes), representing 
an increase of around 14% compared with 2024. The increase in waste generation was mainly 
attributable to the optimisation and consolidation of warehouses and office premises, as well as the 
continued business expansion during the Reporting Period, which led to a corresponding growth in 
waste output.
During the Reporting Year, the waste data of the Group were as follows:
Type of Waste Unit 2025 2024    
Non-Hazardous Waste 4 tonnes 37.44 32.91
Non-Hazardous Waste 
Intensity
tonnes/square metre 5 0.0009 0.0067
3 During the Reporting Year, the Group optimised the classification standards for hazardous waste and implemented more 
detailed categorisation and disclosure.
4 Data included domestic waste, expired and scrap products, and food ingredients.
5 The total gross floor area within the Group’s reporting boundary was approximately 41,904.06 square metres and 
4,893.83 square metres for 2025 and 2024 respectively.

--- PAGE 58 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
57
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Use of Resources
Resources Policies
The major resources consumed by the Group’s operations are purchased electricity and domestic 
water. The goods from the suppliers do not require additional packaging materials, and the 
transportation of the goods is outsourced to third-party companies. The Group’s vehicle fleet is not 
frequently used that it is only for the transportation of employees and customers. The business units 
have established the “Office Environmental Protection Guidelines” to provide guidance on the use of 
electricity, paper and Company vehicles. Extracted measures are as follows:
1. Use of air conditioner
• Avoiding installation of air conditioners at the location exposed to direct sunlight;
• Setting the air-conditioning temperature reasonably, not lower than 24 degrees Celsius in 
summer and not higher than 25 degrees Celsius in winter;
• Turning off the air conditioners when the room is not in use;
• Sealing the gap between the doors and windows to prevent the loss of cool air;
• Performing regular cleaning or replacing dust filters of the air conditioner; and
• Performing regular check on the volume of the refrigerants to detect any possible leakage in 
advance.
2. Use of other electrical appliance
• Keeping lighting equipment and light bulbs clean to achieve maximum lighting efficiency;
• Considering the fluorescent lamp (CFL) as preferred when purchasing new lighting 
equipment;
• Turning off computers, lighting, electrical appliances and air conditioners that are not in 
use, or applying an energy-saving mode when appropriate;
• Applying the power saving mode at the computer system;
• Using energy-efficient electrical appliances; and
• Monitoring the electricity consumption records.

--- PAGE 59 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
58
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
3. Paper saving
• Communicating via email or electronic notice;
• Applying duplex printing setting for the printer;
• Collecting used paper for reusing and recycling;
• Encouraging employees to use both sides of the paper, recycle envelopes and loose-leaf 
paper clips; and
• Classifying the wastes beforehand which enables recycling with ease.
4. Vehicles maintenance and repairs
• Performing regular maintenance for vehicles to maintain their efficiency and extend their 
lifetime;
• Performing regular inspection of the tires to ensure the tire pressure reaches the level 
recommended by the manufacturer so as to reduce rolling resistance; and
• Turning off the engine when being idle.
5. Energy and emission reduction education
• Promoting “World Environment Day”, “Energy Conservation Promotion Week”, and “Earth 
Hour”, advocate green and low-carbon production and office practices.

--- PAGE 60 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
59
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Energy Consumption and Intensity
The Group’s energy consumption is mainly from the purchased electricity (indirect energy 
consumption) and the fuel consumption from Group’s vehicles (direct energy consumption). During 
the Reporting Year, the energy consumption data of the Group were as follows:
Energy Consumption 6 Unit 2025 2024    
Direct Energy Consumption 7 kWh 57,216.29 62,674.12
— Petrol Litre 6,453.49 7,072.12
— Solar Energy (Self-use) kWh 24,562.00 —
Indirect Energy Consumption 8 kWh 267,645.85 222,983.02
— Electricity kWh 267,645.85 222,983.02
Total Energy Consumption kWh 324,862.14 285,657.14
Energy Consumption Intensity kWh/square metre 9 7.75 58.37
During the Reporting Year, the Group’s total energy consumption was approximately 324,862.14 
kWh (2024: approximately 285,657.14 kWh), which presented an increase of about 14% compared 
with the previous reporting year. During the Reporting Year, direct energy consumption decreased 
by approximately 9% and indirect energy consumption increased by about 20%. This was mainly 
due to the optimisation and integration of warehousing and office premises as well as continuous 
business expansion during the Reporting Period, which led to a corresponding increase in purchased 
electricity. The Group has established energy efficiency policy within the “Energy-saving and 
Emission Reduction Management System”. Meanwhile, during the Reporting Year, the Group installed 
photovoltaic power generation facilities at its warehouse premises. Electricity generated is used for 
the Group’s own consumption, with any surplus exported to the grid. The electricity sold externally 
during the Reporting Period amounted to 200,010 kWh.
Water Consumption and Intensity
Water resource has no significant impact on the Group’s business. Water consumption in the 
business units is mainly for domestic use and is provided by third-party suppliers. During the 
Reporting Year, the water consumption data of the Group were as follows:
Water Resource 9 Unit 2025 2024    
Water Consumption cubic metre 2,268.76 1,691.80
Water Consumption Intensity cubic metre/employee 10 16.93 13.53
6 It includes the business units in Guangzhou, Shanghai and Beijing.
7 It covers fuel consumption of the Group’s vehicles and self-consumed electricity from solar photovoltaic power 
generation, and excludes electricity sold externally from photovoltaic generation.
8 It includes the energy consumption from the purchased electricity of the Group.
9 The total gross floor area within the Group’s reporting boundary was approximately 41,904.06 square metres and 
4,893.83 square metres for 2025 and 2024 respectively.
10 As at the end of the reporting periods 2025 and 2024, the Group’s headcount was 134 and 125, respectively.

--- PAGE 61 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
60
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
During the Reporting Year, water consumption was approximately 2,268.76 cubic metres (2024: 
1,691.80 cubic metres), representing an increase of around 34% compared with the previous year. 
Water intensity also rose from 13.53 in the prior year to 16.93 in the current year. The increase was 
mainly attributable to the optimisation and integration of warehousing and office premises as well 
as continuous business expansion during the Reporting Period, which drove higher water usage. 
We do not have any major issue in sourcing water. In order to remind our staff to save water, the 
operation unit has posted “Water Saving” label in the washroom to remind employees to save water. 
The Group has established water efficiency policy within the “Energy-saving and Emission Reduction 
Management System”. Looking Ahead, the Group will continue in tracking the water consumption of 
the Group and implementing relevant water conservation measures in strict accordance.
Paper Consumption
Paper consumption during the Reporting Year was mainly from offices in Guangzhou, Shanghai and 
Beijing. During the Reporting Year, the paper consumption data were as follows:
Unit 2025 2024    
Paper Consumption tonnes 0.59 0.77
During the Reporting Year, paper consumption amounted to approximately 0.59 tonnes (2024: 0.77 
tonnes), representing a decrease of about 0.18 tonnes from the previous year. The Group is going to 
implement the “Office Environmental Protection Guidelines” in a stricter manner in order to reduce the 
generation of waste paper, and will continue in seeking opportunities to reduce waste from source 
and increasing recycling rate.
Packaging Material
The Group is a distributor in the food ingredients and additives distribution industry. No additional 
packaging material is required for the goods from the suppliers in our operation, thus there was no 
significant consumption of packaging material.
The Environment and Natural Resources
The Group’s operations did not have any direct impact on the environment and natural resources. 
However, indirect GHG emission would aggravate global warming. The Group strives to reduce 
indirect GHG emissions and its impact on the environment and natural resources through various 
measures mentioned in the sections “Emission” and “Use of resources”.

--- PAGE 62 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
61
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
CLIMATE CHANGE
The Group deeply acknowledged that climate change is a common challenge for all mankind, while 
China, the biggest developing country in the world, attaches great importance to tackling climate 
change. The Chinese government has decided to adopt more vigorous policies and measures and 
made two significant decisions in 2020: achieve carbon peaking by 2030 and carbon neutrality in 
2060. The Group is planned to gradually respond to the decisions. The short-term goal is to reduce 
all the emissions by 2% compared to the previous year. With the expansion of the Group’s sales and 
distribution regions and business scope, the practices of energy saving should be further enhanced 
to respond to the goal and achieve sustainable development.
Climate-related Risks and Opportunities
The Group has identified a range of climate-related risks and opportunities associated with its 
assets and services to understand the scenarios in which they may materially affect the Group’s 
overall operations. During the Reporting Year, the Group adopted the following time horizons when 
assessing climate-related risks and opportunities:
Time Horizon Year  
Short-term Current–2027
Medium-term 2028–2030
Long-term 2031–2050
The Group has identified a set of material climate-related risks and opportunities for its assets, 
operations and services across the current/near-term, short-term, medium-term and long-term.

--- PAGE 63 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
62
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Risk Type Risk Factor Risk Description and Impact Time Horizon Our Response     
Physical Risk
Acute Risk Tropical cyclones, 
storms, extreme 
high heat/
heatwaves, severe 
flooding
• Extreme weather events such as 
tropical cyclones and floods may 
damage product storage facilities 
and logistics assets, driving up 
maintenance and operating costs 
and adversely affecting asset 
valuations.
• Extreme heat, abnormal weather 
conditions and other climate hazards 
affect the health and attendance of 
frontline warehouse and logistics 
personnel, thereby reducing 
operational efficiency in product 
storage, distribution and related 
processes.
• To safeguard employees’ operational 
safety during severe weather, 
the Group is required to increase 
investment in safety protection, 
emergency support and related 
measures, resulting in higher 
operating costs.
• Extreme weather events that cause 
traffic disruptions, warehouse 
suspensions and similar disruptions 
will directly impede product logistics 
and supply chains, leading to lower 
sales and reduced revenue.
Medium-term, 
Long-term
• Establish an extreme weather 
emergency mechanism, formulate 
the Typhoon and Flood Prevention 
Emergency Plan, and set up 
a dedicated working group to 
implement flood prevention and 
protection measures at warehouses, 
so as to reduce the risk of losses to 
warehouse assets and inventories.
• Strengthen supply chain resilience 
by establishing a backup qualified 
supplier system through the 
Procurement Management Policy 
and Import Ingredients and Additives 
Management Policy, addressing 
disruptions to the supply network 
caused by extreme weather and 
ensuring business continuity.
• Implement safeguards for employee 
health and safety by providing 
high-temperature allowances and 
heatstroke prevention supplies to 
frontline warehouse and logistics 
staff, and enhancing operating 
guidelines for severe weather 
conditions to protect personnel 
safety and operational efficiency.
Chronic Risk Changes in rainfall 
(water) patterns, 
extreme changes 
in climate patterns, 
and rising average 
temperatures.

--- PAGE 64 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
63
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Risk Type Risk Factor Risk Description and Impact Time Horizon Our Response     
Transition Risk
Policy and Legal 
Risk
Strengthened 
requirements for 
emissions reporting 
and mandatory 
regulation of 
existing products 
and services
• Addressing regulatory requirements 
for emissions reporting and low-
carbon transition may increase the 
need to upgrade warehousing and 
logistics equipment, thereby raising 
the Group’s operating costs.
• The implementation of relevant 
mandatory regulatory policies may 
reduce market demand for high-
emission transport and warehousing 
services, creating pressure on the 
Group’s business development.
Medium-term, 
Long-term
• Closely monitor changes in low-
carbon and environmental policies 
and regulations to ensure ongoing 
compliance of the Group’s core 
businesses and effectively address 
policy and legal transition risks.
• Proactively drive operational 
automation and digital 
transformation, optimize warehousing 
and logistics processes, enhance 
overall operational efficiency, and 
support the Group’s low-carbon and 
green development.
• Make extensive use of digital 
collaboration platforms such as 
online meetings and gradually 
replace fossil fuel-powered vehicles 
with electric vehicles to reduce 
transport emissions and strengthen 
resource and environmental 
management.
• Attend to customer needs 
and stakeholder expectations, 
continuously improve service quality 
and operational performance, 
safeguard corporate reputation, 
and proactively manage market and 
reputational transition risks.
    
Technology Risk Failure of new 
technology 
investments and 
costs associated 
with transitioning 
to lower-emission 
technologies
• To drive the transition to low-carbon 
technologies, the Group will need to 
increase investment in low-carbon 
technologies across warehousing 
and logistics, leading to higher 
associated investment and research 
and development expenditure.
Medium-term, 
Long-term
    
Market Risk Evolving customer 
behaviour, 
uncertain market 
signals and rising 
raw material costs.
• Changes in customer preferences, 
uncertain market signals and 
volatility in raw material prices may 
lead to fluctuations in input costs 
for raw materials, energy and other 
product-related inputs, and affect 
market demand, thereby introducing 
uncertainty to the Group’s business.
Medium-term, 
Long-term
    
Reputational 
Risk
Shifts in consumer 
preferences, 
increased 
stakeholder 
attention or 
growing negative 
stakeholder 
feedback
• Shifts in consumer preferences 
and increased stakeholder scrutiny 
may adversely affect the Group’s 
human resource management, staff 
recruitment and retention.
• Heightened market requirements 
for low-carbon services may reduce 
demand for high-emission product 
transport and warehousing services, 
thereby impacting the Group’s 
operational performance.
Medium-term, 
Long-term

--- PAGE 65 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
64
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Opportunity Type Opportunity Description Impact on the Group Time Horizon    
Resource Efficiency • Adopt more efficient modes of transport
• Implement more efficient production and 
distribution processes
• Adopt more efficient transport modes 
and distribution processes can enhance 
the efficiency of product logistics and 
warehousing operations, thereby reducing 
overall operating costs.
• Optimize resource efficiency can improve 
supply chain capacity and service 
capabilities, which in turn drives business 
expansion and revenue growth.
Medium-term, 
Long-term
    
Energy Sources • Use low-carbon energy sources
• Adopt new technologies
• Adopt low-carbon energy sources and new 
technologies will optimize the Group’s energy 
mix and reduce cost risks arising from 
potential future increases in fossil fuel prices 
across warehousing and logistics operations.
• The use of low-carbon energy helps enhance 
the Group’s green profile and market 
reputation, stimulating greater demand 
for low-carbon logistics and warehousing 
services and thereby boosting revenue.
Medium-term, 
Long-term
    
Market • Enter new markets • Proactively expand into new and emerging 
markets and collaborate with governments, 
development banks and other institutions to 
diversify revenue streams across product 
trading, warehousing and transportation 
services.
• Engage with new, high-efficiency suppliers 
to optimise the supply chain framework, 
enhance efficiency in procurement, 
warehousing and distribution, and thereby 
improve overall productivity and delivery 
capabilities.
Medium-term, 
Long-term

--- PAGE 66 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
65
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
To effectively identify, manage and address climate-related risks and potential opportunities, 
the Group has established and implemented a full-cycle climate risk management framework, 
adopting three integrated strategies: risk control, risk transfer and risk acceptance. For risk 
control, in response to risks such as reduced production at raw material origins and transport 
disruptions caused by extreme weather, the Group has expanded multi-regional supplier resources 
and established alternative supply channels to lower reliance on single regions and routes. It 
has upgraded warehousing facilities with moisture-proofing, thermal insulation and temperature 
control to prevent raw material deterioration, and introduced cold-chain transport to maintain the 
quality of temperature-sensitive additive products, strengthening proactive risk identification and 
process control. For risk transfer, the Group has purchased insurance coverage against losses from 
deterioration during storage and transport disruptions due to extreme weather events including floods 
and heatwaves, thereby transferring part of the financial risk to insurers. It has also signed climate 
risk-sharing clauses with key suppliers and logistics service providers, setting out loss allocation 
and alternative supply arrangements in the event of extreme weather. For risk acceptance, the 
Group accepts low-probability, limited-impact extreme climate risks such as severe typhoons and 
regional floods, where potential impacts fall within its risk appetite. We will continue to monitor such 
risks to ensure they remain within acceptable levels. Through these multi-dimensional measures, the 
Group achieves comprehensive and targeted management of climate-related risks, providing strong 
assurance for the stable operation of its business.
In addition, the Management holds regular meetings with the ESG Working Group to systematically 
assess, monitor and review climate-related risks and opportunities, integrating them into the 
Group’s overall enterprise risk management framework to ensure consistent management alongside 
operational and strategic risks. Furthermore, the Management reports annually to the Board on the 
progress of climate risk management and strategic responses.
Looking ahead, the Group will continue to review the impact of climate change on its business and 
integrate climate-related risks and opportunities into operational considerations, including changes to 
environment-related regulations, to enhance operational resilience.
Climate-related Financial Matters 11
The Group has systematically identified physical and transition risks relating to climate change. 
Physical risks may damage assets in high-risk areas and thereby increase repair and operational 
costs. Transition risks may lead to changes in compliance costs due to accelerated adoption of 
policies and technologies for climate change mitigation and adaptation. The Group will continue to 
monitor market trends and policy developments and dynamically assess corresponding strategic 
options.
11 No significant climate-related financial impacts that could be separately presented were identified during the Reporting 
Year. In addition, no separately quantifiable expected financial impacts were identified in the short-term, medium-term or 
long-term.

--- PAGE 67 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
66
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
With respect to climate factors that may affect the Group’s cash flows, financing channels and cost of 
capital in the current, short, medium or long term, the relevant impact analysis has been set out in the 
section “Climate-Related Risks and Opportunities” above. The Group will actively enhance its climate 
risk assessment and financial impact analysis mechanisms. Through ongoing monitoring, scenario 
modelling and data accumulation, the Group will progressively advance the quantitative identification 
and disclosure of climate-related financial impacts, providing a more robust foundation for long-term 
strategic decision-making and management.
To further strengthen the linkage between climate risk and financial management, the Group has 
planned to allocate dedicated personnel and resources over the next ten years to conduct systematic 
climate risk assessments, with priority given to qualitative analysis of potential climate-related 
financial impacts. Upon completion of the qualitative assessment, the Group will further advance 
quantitative research and measurement, and gradually establish a mapping framework between 
climate and financial data to support long-term sustainable operations.
Capital Deployment and Allocation of Financial Resources
In 2025, the Group invested more than RMB660,000 in ESG initiatives, including climate-related 
projects such as the purchase of electric vehicles. Looking ahead, the Group plans to allocate 
additional resources to climate-related work, including ESG consulting services and equipment 
upgrades. The Group will also further strengthen its commitment to sustainable development by 
increasing dedicated human and financial resources for climate and ESG implementation.
Climate-related Scenario Analysis
The Group has not yet conducted climate-related scenario analysis. The Group plans to carry out 
systematic climate-related scenario analysis within the next ten years. We will first clearly define the 
assessment boundary and scope of scenario analysis, and allocate dedicated human resources and 
funding to ensure the such analysis proceeds in an orderly manner.

--- PAGE 68 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
67
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Metrics and Targets
Greenhouse Gases Emission Data
In response to the community’s gradual concern on GHG emissions, climate changes and other 
related issues, the Group has established the “Energy-saving and Emission Reduction Management 
System”. This is to encourage employees to adopt energy-saving measures in the offices to reduce 
GHG emissions, which the measures are described in the section “Use of Resources”. During the 
Reporting Year, the Group’s GHG emission data were as follows:
GHG Emission 12, 13 Unit 2025 2024    
Scope 1 14 tonnes CO 2-equivalent 14.07 15.38
Scope 2 15 tonnes CO 2-equivalent 149.84 131.86
Total GHG Emission tonnes CO 2-equivalent 163.91 147.24
GHG Emission Intensity tonnes CO 2-equivalent/square metre 16 0.004 0.03
Purchased electricity was the major source of the Group’s GHG emission, followed by fossil fuel 
emissions from the Group’s vehicle fleets. During the Reporting Year, the total GHG emissions were 
approximately 163.91 tonnes CO 2-equivalent (2024: approximately 147.24 tonnes CO 2-equivalent). 
Compared with last year, emissions increased by approximately 11%, mainly due to the optimisation 
and integration of warehousing and office premises and continuous business expansion during 
the Reporting Period, which led to a corresponding increase in purchased electricity consumption. 
Looking ahead, we will continue in implementing energy conservation measures and enhancing in 
tracking the amount of GHG emissions of the Group.
12 The data covers direct and indirect GHG emissions from the Group’s business units in Guangzhou, Shanghai and 
Beijing. GHG emissions are calculated using the operational control approach, based on the compilation and collection 
of operational data. The calculations comply with international and national standards, with reference to the Greenhouse 
Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, the Energy Data Manual published by the International 
Energy Agency (IEA), and the Oil Information: Database Documentation (July 2024 edition) issued by the IEA, 
“Methodology for Accounting and Reporting of Greenhouse Gas Emissions from Enterprises in Other Industries (Trial) ʈ
༊Б  jointly issued by National Development and Reform Commission 
and National Centre for Climate Change Strategy and International Cooperation, “Electricity Carbon Dioxide Emission 
Factors 2021 2021Ϊɿ , “Electricity Carbon Dioxide Emission Factors 2022 2022 ϋཥɢɚःʷ၁ર
Ϊɿ  and “IPCC Sixth Assessment Report on Climate Change IPCCᜊቋୋʬϣ൙Пజѓ ” issued by the Ministry of 
Ecology and Environment of the PRC.
13 Due to data collection limitations, Scope 3 GHG emissions data has not been disclosed in this report. The Group will 
continuously optimize its data collection system and strengthen communication with value chain partners to improve data 
completeness.
14 Scope 1: The direct emission from the business operations owned or controlled by the Group, including the emission 
from the Group’s vehicle fleet.
15 Scope 2: The “indirect energy” emissions from the internal purchased electricity consumption by the Group. The 
calculation follows location-based methodology.
16 The total gross floor area within the Group’s reporting boundary was approximately 41,904.06 square metres and 
4,893.83 square metres for 2025 and 2024 respectively.

--- PAGE 69 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
68
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
GHG Emission Mitigation and Targets
The Group has established GHG emission targets, as detailed in the table below. By setting these 
targets, the Group aims to continuously optimise GHG reduction measures and promote energy 
conservation and carbon reduction in a responsible manner.
Emission Target Information  
Target Set 17 Achieve an annual 2% reduction in GHG emissions by 2030 
(GHG covers CO 2, CH4 and N 2O);
Strive to achieve carbon neutrality by 2060, consistent with the 
national carbon neutrality target (GHG covers CO 2).
Target Type Absolute
Objective of Target Mitigation, adaptation
Monitoring Progress The Management and the ESG Working Group will annually 
review the Group’s GHG emission targets and performance, and 
assess whether adjustments to the targets are necessary.
Scope of Target Covers the core and material business units of the Group in 
Shanghai, Beijing and Guangzhou, including the operations of 
office, laboratory and warehouse.
The Group has implemented the following GHG management measures:
• Continuously promote low-carbon upgrading of logistics and warehousing facilities, optimise the 
energy mix, and enhance energy conservation and emission reduction in operations;
• Optimise transportation routes and gradually adopt electric vehicles to improve resource 
efficiency and sustainably lower carbon emission intensity; and
• Strengthen employee environmental awareness, promote low-carbon operating practices, and 
jointly implement energy conservation and emission reduction initiatives.
The Group will continue to assess, faithfully record and disclose its GHG emissions on an annual 
basis, and aims to establish a clear accountability framework to deliver on its emission policies and 
targets. We will regularly review targets and policies, and enhance its data collection system and 
develop appropriate emission reduction strategies based on forecasts for future years.
17 During the Reporting Period, the Group has yet to adopt the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) framework to set 
GHG emission reduction target. Going forward, the Group will continue to monitor the latest guidelines of the SBTi 
framework and combine its own business development plans and operational practical situations to timely assess and 
promote the formulation of relevant targets, so as to further advance low-carbon transition.

--- PAGE 70 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
69
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
SOCIAL ASPECTS
Employment and Labour Practices
Employment
The Group firmly believes that employees are the most important asset of the Group. As the business 
grows, the Group must establish sustainable human capital to attract and retain talents. The Group 
strictly abides by the labour laws in the PRC, including but not limited to the “Regulations on Payment 
of Wages”, the “Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China”, the “Labour Contract Law of the 
People’s Republic of China”, the “Implementation Measures for Paid Annual Leave for Employees 
of Enterprises”, the “Regulations on Population and Family Planning”, the “Special Regulations on 
the Labour Protection of Female Employees”, the “Regulations on the Education of Persons with 
Disabilities,”, the “Regulations on Work-Related Injury Insurance”, the “Regulations on Labour 
Security Supervision” and the “Trade Union Law of the People’s Republic of China”, etc.
The Group has established the “Employee Handbook”, which sets out the recruitment, admission 
and employment management, attendance and leaves management, remuneration and benefits, 
and assessment and termination management. We value the dignity, equality and diversity of our 
employees. We ensure that they are treated fairly and impartially in matters including recruitment, 
remuneration, training, and promotion. We prohibit any discrimination or differential treatment based 
on the race, social status, nationality, religion, gender and cultural background of the employees. 
Employees could raise concerns on any issue through the email of Human Resources Department, 
including pursuing grievances and reporting any irregularities, and all procedures are handled 
confidentially. The Group does not condone or tolerate any acts of retaliation against anyone who 
reasonably believes that the concern that they have raised is true. During the Reporting Year, the 
Group did not have any non-compliance issues.
Remuneration and Dismissal
The Group is committed to offering employees fair and reasonable remuneration and benefits. They 
are adjusted based on factors such as the local average wage, consumer price index, employee 
performance, employee capability, job nature and seniority, etc.
The “Termination Management System” in the Staff Handbook has specified the conditions for 
employee resignation and Company dismissal, as well as the specific procedures for employee 
resignation. The Group has also established “Appreciation and Forfeit Management System” and 
“Remuneration Management System”. In order to improve the human resources management system 
and reduce employee turnover, we conduct exit interviews with resigning employees to understand 
the reasons for resignation.
Recruitment and Promotion
The recruitment and promotion of employees is based on the “Recruitment and Employment 
Management Policy”, which sets out the general requirements for recruiting staff. We are committed 
to providing equal opportunities in the process of recruitment, hiring and employment. Recruitment 
followed the “Internal First Then External” principle which means that the Group considers internal 
promotion before external recruitment. To encourage internal referrals, we have established an 
internal referral reward system to reward employees who successfully refer talented candidates.

--- PAGE 71 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
70
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Working Hours and Rest Periods
The Group implements standard working hours (applicable for administration staff) and flexible 
working hour system (applicable for salesperson and senior management). The former refers to the 
system of 40 working hours per week on average. The latter refers to the working hour system that 
cannot be determined by standard working hours or is adopted to accommodate employees’ need for 
flexible working arrangements. The Group’s statutory holidays are implemented in accordance with 
national regulations, including marriage leave, bereavement leave, maternity leave, paternity leave, 
lactation leave, work-related injury leave, etc.
Employee Benefits and Welfare
According to the applicable laws of the PRC, the Group applies for social insurance and housing 
provident fund schemes on behalf of eligible employees. Related social insurances include 
pension insurance, medical insurance, maternity insurance, unemployment insurance and work 
injury insurance. We also provide high-temperature allowances for frontline employees, cleaners 
and drivers according to the relevant regulations. Considering the needs of employees, the Group 
provides employees with free lunch packs or meal allowance, commuter shuttle bus, protective 
equipment and communication allowance. If the employee’s family encounters financial hardship and 
is eligible to receive the subsidy from the labour union, the Group will report to the labour union so 
as to provide corresponding assistance. Applicable employees can also apply by themselves. The 
Group has also established “Welfare Management Policy”.
To cultivate employees’ sense of belonging to the Company, promote friendship among employees 
and build team spirit, the business units organised various activities regularly. Gifts and coupons 
were also given during the holiday seasons for employees to share with their families.
Team-building Activities and Festive Treats

--- PAGE 72 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
71
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
As at 31st December 2025, the employee number and turnover rate of the Group 18 according to 
gender, age, employment type, employment categories and geographical regions 19 are as follows:
2025 2024    
Employee Number Total 134 125
By Gender
Male 60 57
Female 74 68
Ratio of Male and Female Employee 0.81:1 0.84:1
By Age Group
Below 30 17 14
30–50 101 95
50 or above 16 16
By Employment Type
Full-time 134 125
Part-time 0 0
By Employment Categories
Senior Management 11 11
Middle Management 16 16
General Staff 107 98
By Geographical Regions
PRC 129 121
Hong Kong 1 1
Canada 1 1
Australia 1 1
Taiwan 1 1
Morocco 1 —
18 The Group disclosed employee data covering its core and material business units located in Shanghai, Beijing and 
Guangzhou in the PRC, while data relating to employees of overseas operations (mainly office operations) have not been 
included in the calculation for the time being. The Group is optimising its global human resources management system 
and will consider consolidating its overseas employee data in the future to more fully reflect the Group’s talent structure 
and global development.
19 All employees of the Group are based in PRC. Employee data by region is classified according to employees’ nationality.

--- PAGE 73 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
72
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
2025 2024    
Employee Turnover Rate 20 Overall Number (Turnover rate) 26 (19%) 31 (25%)
By Gender
Male (Turnover rate) 13 (22%) 20 (35%)
Female (Turnover rate) 13 (18%) 11 (16%)
By Age Group
Below 30 (Turnover rate) 5 (29%) 3 (21%)
30–50 (Turnover rate) 18 (18%) 25 (26%)
50 or above (Turnover rate) 3 (19%) 3 (19%)
By Employment Categories
Senior Management 0 (0%) 1 (9%)
Middle Management 1 (6%) 0 (0%)
General Staff 25 (23%) 30 (31%)
By Geographical Regions
PRC (Turnover rate) 26 (20%) 31 (26%)
Hong Kong (Turnover rate) 0 (0%) 0 (0%)
Canada (Turnover rate) 0 (0%) 0 (0%)
Australia (Turnover rate) 0 (0%) 0 (0%)
Taiwan (Turnover rate) 0 (0%) 0 (0%)
Morocco (Turnover rate) 0 (0%) —
Health and Safety
The Group attaches great importance to the health of its employees and is committed to providing 
a safe and healthy working environment for them. The Group complies with relevant laws and 
regulations in the PRC, including the “Food Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China”, the 
“Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China”, and the “Regulations on Work-Related Injury 
Insurance”, etc. During the Reporting Year, the Group did not have any non-compliance issues. 
The operation unit has developed internal guidelines and regulations, for example the “Food Safety 
Management System”. The Group ensures that each employee who makes contacts with food directly 
must obtain a valid health certificate before work commencement.
To guarantee a healthy, hygienic and safe working environment, the operation unit has implemented 
guidelines as follows, including but not limited to:
• Implementing warehouse environmental management by keeping daily record of warehouse 
temperature and humidity;
• Implementing hygienic management by keeping the passages in working area clean and tidy, 
obstacles are not allowed in order to maintain all pathways clear;
20 Employee Turnover Rate = Number of employees in the specified category leaving employment/Number of employees in 
the specified category at the end of the Reporting Year.

--- PAGE 74 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
73
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
• Smoking is strictly prohibited in the office and warehouses;
• Providing sufficient lightings in the working area and pathways;
• Keeping all kinds of power cords, wiring of all kinds of electrical equipment bundled neatly;
• Turning off electrical equipment (including office electrical equipment) before leaving office after 
work;
• Implementing the maintenance of electrical equipment by qualified technicians. If necessary, a 
warning sign shall be put to warn other employees;
• Maintaining fire-fighting equipment in good conditions;
• Wearing a safety helmet and protective clothing when working in the warehouse;
• Paying attention to the signs and warnings on the passage in the warehouse when operating the 
forklift;
• Reminding all technicians in the laboratory to wear suitable personal protective equipment; and
• Equipping first-aid box in the laboratory.
The Group has implemented internal training projects and workplace health and safety memoranda. 
Through these projects, the Group educates and reminds employees of the importance of workplace 
health and safety and proper operation procedures. Apart from the office, the logistic warehouse is 
also an important working place for our employees owing to the nature of our operation. We attaches 
great importance to the quality and safety of the working environment in the logistics warehouse. In 
order to raise the occupational safety awareness of our warehouse employees and supervisors, we 
have arranged the “Logistics Warehouse Safety Training” during the Reporting Year. The programme 
not only familiarise employees with the above-mentioned business unit safety guidelines but also 
gave practical examples of scenarios that might happen to employees working in different positions, 
such as forklift drivers and work-at-height workers. The programme illustrated the proper professional 
attitude and considerable safety issues in daily work, which facilitated the formation of employees’ 
good working habits. The programme also covered recommended contingency measures when 
facing emergency such as fire hazard or extreme weather event, which included teaching employees 
how to manage fire extinguishing equipment and first aid knowledge for various injuries. In addition, 
we have arranged ‘Pest Risk Management Training in Warehouse Area’, specially invited experts in 
pest prevention to provide professional guidance to warehouse staff to help them acquire effective 
methods of pest identification, prevention and control. Through this training, the staff would further 
enhance the awareness and ability of pest management, improve the hygiene level of the warehouse 
environment, reduce the risk of pests, and ensure the safety and quality of the stored materials.

--- PAGE 75 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
74
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Moreover, in order to regulate the management of the electricity distribution system, the Group 
hereby established the ‘Management System of High Voltage Electricity Distribution Rooms’ during 
the Reporting Year to ensure the safe and reliable operation of the Company’s operation and power 
equipment.
Number of Work-related Fatality
2025 2024 2023   
0 0 0
During the Reporting Year, there was no work-related fatalities or injuries of employees. The total 
number of working days lost due to work-related injuries by the Group during the Reporting Year was 
“zero”.
To protect the interests of employees and the Group, the Administration and Human Resources 
Department have assigned staff to record and track any injuries that have occurred in the workplace 
to ensure effective insurance claims and treatment and continue to propose various options to 
improve work safety in order to minimise the possibility of future accidents.
Development and Training
The Group attaches great importance to the career development of its employees and provides 
training when necessary. To improve the overall quality of employees, the Group has established a 
“Training Management System”. The Human Resource and Administration Centre conducts surveys 
about the demand for training on a quarterly and annually basis. Considering the training demand 
of each business unit, the centre sets out the Company’s annual business plan, employee promotion 
and career development as references, to establish an annual/quarterly training program and budget. 
The Group’s training is divided into external and internal training, including pre-job training (i.e. new 
employee training) and on-the-job training. Related training descriptions are as follows:
Training Categories Description  
New Employee Training The training for new employees includes Company profile, corporate 
culture, human resource policy, remuneration and benefits, food 
safety, operational procedures and rules of various departments, 
and product knowledge etc.
All Staff Trainings General training for staff includes employees’ quality and 
management skills enhancement, introduction to corporate 
strategies development, and systems and policies updates etc.
Training the Trainer (TTT) 
Training
Pieces of training for Company internal instructors, which are 
delivered by external instructors, include the establishment of 
the training system, teaching skills, curriculum development and 
courseware production.
Department Training Technical skills improvement training is provided by the department 
to its employees.
Expatriate Training Expatriate training is provided for the management or recommended 
employees.

--- PAGE 76 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
75
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
The Group provides on-the-job training for employees to ensure they possess the appropriate 
skills. According to the training content, it can be divided into management (leadership) training, 
professional abilities training, general skills training, interpersonal skills training and so on. After 
the completion of the training, the responsible department will assess the quality and effectiveness 
of the relevant training through the “Training Evaluation Form”, staff assessment and post-training 
performance review.
As at 31st December 2025, the number of trained employee, training percentage and averaged 
training hours 21 in gender and employment categories are as follows:
2025 2024    
Number of Trained 
Employee and 
Percentage 22
Overall 106 (79%) 110 (88%)
By Gender
Male 47 (78%) 48 (84%)
Female 59 (80%) 62 (91%)
By Employment Categories
Senior Management 9 (82%) 11 (100%)
Mid-level Management 15 (94%) 16 (100%)
General Staff 82 (77%) 83 (85%)
Averaged Training Hours 
(hour/employee) 23
Overall 16.63 20.80
By Gender
Male 20.04 25.85
Female 13.87 16.56
By Employment Categories
Senior Management 8.98 13.50
Mid-level Management 24.89 41.14
General Staff 16.18 18.29
During the Reporting Year, the average employee training hours were 16.63 hours (2024: 20.80 
hours), representing a decrease from the previous year. Looking ahead, we will continue to 
implement training management measures to enhance employees’ skills and improve the Group’s 
operational quality.
21 The Group disclosed employee training data covering its core and material business units located in Shanghai, Beijing 
and Guangzhou in the PRC, while training data relating to employees of overseas operations (mainly office operations) 
have not been included in the calculation for the time being. The Group is optimising its global human resources 
management system and will consider consolidating its overseas employee data in the future to more fully reflect the 
Group’s talent structure and global development.
22 Percentage of trained employee = Number of employees received training during the Reporting Year/Number of 
employees at the end of the Reporting Year.
23 Averaged Training Hours = Total training hours during the Reporting Year/Total number of employees at the end of the 
Reporting Year.

--- PAGE 77 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
76
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Labour Standard
The Group strictly abides by the “Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China”, the “Law on the 
Protection of Minors of the People’s Republic of China”, the “Provisions on the Prohibition of Using 
Child Labour of the People’s Republic of China” and other relevant labour laws and regulations. 
The Group prohibits the employment of child labour and forced labour. The Human Resources 
Department reviews the applicant’s personal data in accordance with relevant national laws and 
regulations and employment management procedures to ensure that the employee’s age meets the 
requirements of the regulations, and conducts pre-job interviews to ensure there is no child labour 
and forced labour. If violations of laws and regulations such as child labour and forced labour are 
found, the Company will take countermeasures in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and 
the Group’s internal code, and will stringently follow up on these violations.
During the Reporting Year, the Group did not employ child labour or forced labour so there was no 
non-compliance issue.
Operating Practices
Supply Chain Management
The Group believes its success is largely driven by the ability to source high-quality products from 
reputable food ingredients and additives manufacturers and to provide an extensive product portfolio 
to customers. The Group emphasizes the importance of the selection of suppliers as we believe the 
supply of high-quality products is one of the key factors for us to succeed in the food ingredients 
and additives distribution industry. The Group has formulated a “Procurement Management 
System” to regulate the procurement process, clarify the division of responsibilities, enhance 
the efficiency of procurement and ensure the stability of the supply chain and product quality. 
We typically select suppliers based on a number of criteria including brand reputation, on-going 
compliance with relevant food safety laws and regulations, product quality, price competitiveness 
and supply capabilities. Meanwhile, during the Reporting Year, the Group specifically formulated 
the Import Ingredients and Additives Management Policy to regulate the full-process management 
of introduction, import and quality control of imported food, food ingredients and food additives. It 
clarifies the division of responsibilities among relevant departments, strictly controls quality risks of 
the supply chain at source, ensures that import-related business activities comply with national food 
safety laws and regulations, and safeguards the compliance and stability of the supply chain system.
The Group has also developed the “Supplier Environmental Questionnaire” and “Supplier Social 
Responsibility Survey” to strengthen the positive impact of the supply chain on environmental and 
social aspects. We have established an approved supplier list. Before engaging a new supplier or 
including the new supplier into the approved supplier list, we perform background checks on the 
National Enterprise Credit Information Publicity System regarding the relevant supplier, to ensure 
their compliance with national laws and regulations. No disapproved suppliers are accepted. During 
the Reporting Year, the number of suppliers has increased by 19.
We have implemented measures to safeguard the quality of the products provided by our suppliers. 
Please refer to the “Product Responsibility” section for details.

--- PAGE 78 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
77
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
During the Reporting Year, suppliers provided us with food ingredients and additives, and 
transportation services respectively. The corresponding geographical distribution of the suppliers 
during the Reporting Year is as follows:
Supplier Categories Location 2025 2024    
Food Ingredients, Food 
Additives and Packaging 
Material
Mainland China 213 194
Hong Kong SAR 1 1
Other Asia Region 6 7
South America 2 1
Oceania 0 0
Europe 1 1
Transportation Services Mainland China 4 4  
Total 227 208  
Product Responsibility
Products distributed by the Group to the customers can be broadly categorised into the following 
types: (i) food ingredients; (ii) food additives; and (iii) packaging materials. The business unit sets 
up a food safety management team which is responsible for handling food safety issues and has 
the authority to conduct regular or irregular inspections and spot checks in various departments, 
and report the problems found to the general manager office. The office is responsible for ordering 
the responsible department to conduct problem analysis, review and rectification of all discovered 
problems. We have established corresponding policies and measures for food safety and quality, 
after-sales services and complaint handling, intellectual property rights, product returns, and 
customer privacy. For details, please refer to the following sections.
The Group strictly abides by the relevant laws and regulations of the PRC on food hygiene and 
safety, including the “Food Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China”, the “Measures for the 
Administration of Food Production Licenses”, the “Regulations on the Administration of Food Labels”, 
the “Advertising Law of the People’s Republic of China”, and the “Product Quality Law of the 
People’s Republic of China”, the “Regulations on the Supervision and Administration of Dairy Product 
Quality and Safety”, “Civil Code of the People’s Republic of China”, and the corresponding internal 
regulations. During the Reporting Year, the Group did not have any related non-compliance issues.
Food Safety and Quality Management
The quality of the supplier’s goods is critical to the operation of the Group. To ensure product 
quality, We have implemented quality control measures by conducting annual audits for suppliers 
and requiring them to provide us with the relevant certifications or qualifications (e.g. Hazard 
Analysis and Critical Control Points (HACCP) certification and ISO 9000 Quality Management System 
Certification) of the products before procurement. We also require suppliers to provide a certificate of 
analysis or inspection and quarantine certificates for imported goods from China Entry-Exit Inspection 
and Quarantine Bureau for each batch of products supplied.

--- PAGE 79 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
78
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Upon the receipt of products from suppliers, the inventory management and transportation 
department will inspect the products (such as checking whether the outer packaging is swollen or 
leaking; and whether the product specifications conform to the descriptions stated in the purchase 
order) to ensure that the products received are in good condition and strictly comply with the food 
safety regulations. Further, we keep records of the products, including expiry date, suppliers’ name 
and address, place of origin for importation, quantity, and description of goods. Such record is made 
available after the procurement staff confirm on the purchase invoice.
We also conduct evaluations on new suppliers (before procurement) and on existing suppliers. 
Evaluation criteria include timeliness of product delivery, quality of products, pricing, rate of response 
and feedback from customers. Supplier evaluation reports are then prepared and approved by the 
director of the supply chain. If the performance of any supplier is not up to the standard of the Group, 
they would be considered as unqualified and removed from the approved supplier list.
In order to ensure the quality of the products during storage, the Group has implemented measures, 
including but not limited to:
• Separating storage of non-allergen and allergen products;
• Separating storage of ingredients and additives;
• Recording temperature and humidity of the warehouse on a daily basis. If it exceeds the 
standard range, it shall adjust immediately and the arranged temperature and humidity should 
be recorded; and
• Keeping the warehouse clean and hygienic, performing dehumidification, pest control and 
pollution prevention.
Before the products are delivered to customers, we conduct quality inspection again. Inventory 
management and transportation department staff will check the product specifications to make sure 
that they are in line with those stated on the purchase orders we received from customers. The 
information of our out-going products including the name of customer, product description, quantity 
and name of the transportation service provider will be recorded by the staff. In order to maintain the 
quality of the products during transportation, we require transportation service providers to provide a 
hygienic environment for the transport vehicles in accordance with food safety law in the PRC.
We have formulated “Technicians Project Working Guidelines” for the Research and Development 
(“R&D”) works performed in the laboratory. It provides clear guidelines on the procedures of the 
operation of the laboratory, ingredients testing, product development and product promotion, etc.

--- PAGE 80 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
79
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Product Return Policy
After examination and upon approval of our general manager in our branch offices, we only 
accept returns or exchanges for (i) any defective products sold by us that were damaged during 
transportation and delivery; or (ii) products that did not match with the product specifications as 
specified on the purchase orders between the customers and us.
To ensure the customers are satisfied with our services, we have implemented product return 
policy to (i) exchange the defective or damaged products; or (ii) refund the customers the relevant 
purchase amount of the defective or damaged products. For any product that could potentially 
be returned, we would perform proper inspection and examination of the defective or damaged 
products. Products returned may be returned to the suppliers or destroyed.
After-sales Service and Complaint Handling
The business management centre is customer-oriented, responsible for supporting and monitoring 
tasks and also providing after-sales services to customers. Its duties include:
(i) collecting license and qualifications of customers before sales, verifying customers’ credits and 
entering information of new customers into the Company’s system;
(ii) monitoring sales prices, customer’s receivables, signing of the sales contracts, and travel 
expenses reimbursement for salesmen;
(iii)  processing customer’s order during the sales, coordinating both internal and external customers 
to place and process orders, and delivering quality goods to customers in time;
(iv) gathering feedback from customers about our products and services to ensure the quality of our 
food ingredients and additives and continuous improvement of our operations; and
(v) providing assistance to customers after receiving complaints. Our business management centre 
has various sets of procedures and protocols followed by our staff while handling complaints 
and requests from our customers such as product return or exchange, technical support, and 
product application solutions.
Feedback from the customers on the products supplied by the Group help us improve the services 
and product quality. The Group has established “Customer Complaint Handling Procedure” 
to provide guidelines on handling customer complaints and opinions with care. The business 
management centre collects customer complaints and opinions by fax, telephone and email, and 
is responsible for promptly referring those complaints to the sales department and tracking the 
process of the entire case. During the Reporting Year, we received 14 complaints regarding logistics 
services. The complaints were mainly related to damage to the outer packaging of goods caused 
by transportation negligence of logistics companies. Looking ahead, we will continue to strengthen 
communication with logistics companies, in hopes of rectifying the oversight during logistics 
processes causing customers’ complaints.

--- PAGE 81 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
80
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Intellectual Property Protection
The Group’s technology centre conducts food application testing and development of food 
formulations. We have established an “Intellectual Property Management System” to ensure that 
the interests of the Group and its customers are protected. Intellectual property is of paramount 
importance to our R&D. The Group strictly abides by relevant laws and regulations, including the 
“Patent Law of the People’s Republic of China”, the “Copyright Law of the People’s Republic of 
China”, the “Trademark Law of the People’s Republic of China” and the “Anti-Unfair Competition Law 
of People’s Republic of China” etc. We implemented the following measures to protect intellectual 
property:
• Registering the intellectual property, filed and applied for authenticity;
• Where relevant commercially valuable technical achievements are not covered by the foregoing 
measures, they shall be protected as trade secrets in the first instance. It should not be 
published nor disclosed by any forms (e.g. commissioned appraisal, exhibition, advertisement, 
test sale, and gift-giving, etc.) before the related protection method is determined;
• Keeping product strictly confidential during development. Employees should not pass trade 
secret information in public places or using communication tools without encryption; and
• Providing intellectual property training to employees in order to raise awareness of intellectual 
property protection.
Product Advertising/Labelling
The Group’s business does not involve product packaging and labelling activities. The 
advertisements of the Company are published in exhibitions and related publications only. There 
was a new product launch regarding the R&D work in the laboratory during the Reporting Year. 
Meanwhile, we have already established guidelines for product labelling, indicating that the products 
released to the public are required to specify the storage conditions, production date, shelf life, and 
tasting recommendations. General speaking, the issue has no significant impact on our operations at 
the moment.

--- PAGE 82 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
81
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Customer Data Protection and Privacy
The Group attaches great importance to the confidential information of the customers. We have 
formulated “Information Protection Policy” which provides guidance on the handling of confidential 
information. Employees are required to sign confidentiality agreements that they must not distribute 
or disclose Company secrets to unrelated persons by any means. The Group also signs a “Non-
Competition Restriction Agreement” with specific employees, stipulating that the trade secrets and 
technologies obtained by the employees shall not be disclosed to a third party and must not be used 
to make profits for themselves or others.
In order to protect the interests of customers and the Group and to satisfy with the customers’ 
requirements, the following terms are set out in the confidentiality agreement:
• Committing in keeping all information from the other party strictly confidential, including the 
implementation of effective security measures and operating procedures; and
• Committing in not to disclose other party’s secret information to the third party by leakage, 
notification, issuance, publishing, passing on, transfer or any other means without the consent of 
the other parties.
Anti-corruption
Honesty, integrity and fair competition are the core values that all employees of the Group have to 
defend. We have established the “Code of Conduct for Anti-Corruption” to set out the employee’s 
conducts in dealing with problems related to acceptance of advantages and conflicts of interest. The 
director or employee receiving the gift should report to the Board of Directors and seek advice on 
how to handle the gift from the Board. When there is an actual or potential conflict of interest between 
the director or employee and the Group, the related person is required to make a declaration of 
interest. All directors and employees should ensure all records, receipts, account information and 
other documents they submit to the Group can truly reflect the events or business transactions stated 
in these documents. Any person who deliberately uses a document with false information to deceive 
or mislead the Group may violate the relevant regulations, whether or not the person can get benefit 
from it. Our compliance officer is responsible for handling the reports of violation cases.
The Group strictly abides by the laws and regulations relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money 
laundering in Mainland China and Hong Kong, including the “Criminal Law of the People’s Republic 
of China”, the “Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People’s Republic of China”, the “Anti-Unfair 
Competition Law of the People’s Republic of China”, and the “Prevention of Bribery Ordinance” (Cap. 
201) in Hong Kong. During the Reporting Year, the Group also arranged anti-corruption training for its 
directors and staff, with topics including introduction of relevant laws and regulations, popularisation 
of the definition of corruption and discussion of relevant cases. In this regard, the Group has 
reminded its staff to maintain a high level of ethical conduct, to advocate a good corporate culture of 
“Love and Respect for Duty, Dedication to Self, Truthfulness and Pragmatism” and to adhere to the 
core values of “Honesty, Integrity and Fair Competition”.
During the Reporting Year, the Group did not have any significant non-compliance issues and related 
corruption litigation cases in this regard.

--- PAGE 83 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
82
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Whistleblowing system
The Group has formulated the “Whistleblowing Policy and Procedures” to provide a safe and 
confidential reporting mechanism, ensuring that employees properly report and manage all 
suspected misconduct. The policy outlines the whistleblowing procedures, including but not 
limited to, if an employee is aware of discrimination, bribery, extortion, fraud and corruption, and 
any other actual and suspected violation case that is against the policy and deemed improper, 
unethical and inappropriate, he/she may raise concerns anonymously via email, and an independent 
investigation will be launched and conducted in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. The 
whistleblowing policy also ensures that the whistleblower who report under good faith, would not be 
harmed and detracted in any way. All matters will be handled and kept confidential in a sensitive 
manner.
Community
Community Investment
The Group is committed in maintaining the sustainability of its business and its communities. In 
addition to actively developing our business, we advocate and are committed to public welfare 
activities and pursuit of higher social responsibility, hoping to give back to the community in areas of 
community welfare and education.
We have established the “Shineroad Scholarship” at Jiangnan University, one of the most prestigious 
institutions in the field of food technology in China. The purpose of this scholarship is to encourage 
diligent learning, hardworking and assiduous researching, to encourage students in achieving 
excellent academic performance and well-rounded development, reward talented students, and 
cultivate more outstanding senior engineering and technical talents to contribute to the food industry.
During the Reporting Year, prior to the National Day and Double Ninth Festival, the Group visited 
the elderly at Tairi Nursing Home, Jinhui Town, delivered heartfelt greetings and food, and spent 
warm and memorable time with them. The Group cares for the needs of the elderly and provided 
pastries and milk as gifts to the elderly at the nursing home. During the Reporting Year, 2 employees 
participated in voluntary services with a total of approximately 2 volunteer hours, and the Group has 
donated cash and supplies totalling about RMB3,000.
Condolence visit to Tairi Nursing Home, Jinhui Town

--- PAGE 84 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
83
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG APPENDIX C2 “ESG CODE” 
CONTENT INDEX
Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and 
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) Section/Statement  
Subject Area A — Environment   
Aspect A1: Emissions   
General Disclosure Information on:
(a) the policies; and
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations 
that have a significant impact on the issuer
Emissions
   
KPI A1.1 The types of emissions and respective emissions 
data.
Emissions
   
KPI A1.2 Repealed 1 January 2025 /   
KPI A1.3 Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) 
and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of 
production volume, per facility).
Emissions
   
KPI A1.4 Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) 
and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of 
production volume, per facility).
Emissions
   
KPI A1.5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken 
to achieve them.
Emissions
   
KPI A1.6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous 
wastes are handled, and a description of reduction 
target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
Emissions
   
Aspect A2. Use of Resources   
General Disclosure Policies on the efficient use of resources, including 
energy, water and other raw materials.
Use of Resources
   
KPI A2.1 Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type 
(e.g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh in ’000s) 
and intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per 
facility).
Use of Resources
   
KPI A2.2 Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit 
of production volume, per facility).
Use of Resources
   
KPI A2.3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and 
steps taken to achieve them.
Use of Resources
   
KPI A2.4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing 
water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) 
set and steps taken to achieve them.
Use of Resources
   
KPI A2.5 Total packaging material used for finished products 
(in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per 
unit produced.
Use of Resources
   

--- PAGE 85 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
84
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and 
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) Section/Statement  
Aspect A3. The Environment and Natural Resources   
General Disclosure Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant impacts 
on the environment and natural resources
The Environment and 
Natural Resources   
KPI A3.1 Description of the significant impacts of activities 
on the environment and natural resources and the 
actions taken to manage them.
The Environment and 
Natural Resources
   
Aspect A4. Climate Change   
General Disclosure Repealed 1 January 2025 /   
KPI A4.1 Repealed 1 January 2025 /   
Subject Area B — Social   
Employment and Labour Practices   
Aspect B1. Employment   
General Disclosure Information on:
(a) the policies; and
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations 
that have a significant impact on the issuer
Employment
   
KPI B1.1 Total workforce by gender, employment type 
(for example, full-or parttime), age group and 
geographical region.
Employment
   
KPI B1.2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and 
geographical region.
Employment
   
Aspect B2. Health and Safety   
General Disclosure Information on:
(a) the policies; and
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations 
that have a significant impact on the issuer
Health and Safety
   
KPI B2.1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in 
each of the past three years including the reporting 
year.
Health and Safety
   
KPI B2.2 Lost days due to work injury Health and Safety   
KPI B2.3 Description of occupational health and safety 
measures adopted, and how they are implemented 
and monitored.
Health and Safety
   
Aspect B3. Development and Training   
General Disclosure Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and 
skills for discharging duties at work. Description of 
training activities.
Development and 
Training
   
KPI B3.1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and 
employee category (e.g. senior management, middle 
management).
Development and 
Training
   
KPI B3.2 The average training hours completed per employee 
by gender and employee category.
Development and 
Training   

--- PAGE 86 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
85
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and 
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) Section/Statement  
Aspect B4. Labour Standards   
General Disclosure Information on:
(a) the policies; and
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations 
that have a significant impact on the issuer
Labour Standards
   
KPI B4.1 Description of measures to review employment 
practices to avoid child and forced labour.
Labour Standards
   
KPI B4.2 Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices 
when discovered.
Labour Standards
   
Operation Practices   
Aspect B5. Supply Chain Management   
General Disclosure Policies on managing environmental and social risks 
of the supply chain.
Supply Chain 
Management   
KPI B5.1 Number of suppliers by geographical region Supply Chain 
Management   
KPI B5.2 Description of practices relating to engaging 
suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices 
are being implemented, and how they are 
implemented and monitored.
Supply Chain 
Management
   
KPI B5.3 Description of practices used to identify 
environmental and social risks along the supply 
chain, and how they are implemented and monitored.
Supply Chain 
Management
   
KPI B5.4 Description of practices used to promote 
environmentally preferable products and services 
when selecting suppliers, and how they are 
implemented and monitored.
Supply Chain 
Management
   
Aspect B6. Product Responsibility   
General Disclosure Information on:
(a) the policies; and
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations 
that have a significant impact on the issuer
relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling 
and privacy matters relating to products and services 
provided and methods of redress.
Product Responsibility
   
KPI B6.1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject 
to recalls for safety and health reasons.
Product Responsibility
   
KPI B6.2 Number of products and service-related complaints 
received and how they are dealt with.
Product Responsibility
   
KPI B6.3 Description of practices relating to observing and 
protecting intellectual property rights.
Product Responsibility
   
KPI B6.4 Description of quality assurance process and recall 
procedures.
Product Responsibility
   
KPI B6.5 Description of consumer data protection and 
privacy policies, and how they are implemented and 
monitored.
Product Responsibility
   

--- PAGE 87 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
86
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and 
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) Section/Statement  
Aspect B7. Anti-corruption   
General Disclosure Information on:
(a) the policies; and
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations 
that have a significant impact on the issuer
relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money 
laundering.
Anti-corruption
   
KPI B7.1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt 
practices brought against the issuer or its employees 
during the reporting period and the outcomes of the 
cases.
Anti-corruption
   
KPI B7.2 Description of preventive measures and whistle-
blowing procedures, and how they are implemented 
and monitored.
Anti-corruption
   
KPI B7.3 Description of anti-corruption training provided to 
directors and staff.
Anti-corruption
   
Community   
Aspect B8: Community Investment   
General Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the 
needs of the communities where the issuer operates 
and to ensure its activities take into consideration the 
communities’ interests.
Community Investment
   
KPI B8.1 Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, 
environmental concerns, labour needs, health, 
culture, sport).
Community Investment
   
KPI B8.2 Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the 
focus area.
Community Investment
   

--- PAGE 88 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
87
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Part D: Climate-related Disclosures   
Climate-related Disclosures Section/Statement  
(I) Governance   
19 An issuer shall disclose information about:    
19 (a) the governance body(s) (which can include a board, committee or 
equivalent body charged with governance) or individual(s) responsible for 
oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities. Specifically, the issuer 
shall identify that body(s) or individual(s) and disclose information about:   
19 (a) (i) How the body(s) or individual(s) determines 
whether appropriate skills and competencies 
are available or will be developed to oversee 
strategies designed to respond to climate-
related risks and opportunities.
Governance Structure
   
19 (a) (ii) How and how often the body(s) or individual(s) 
is informed about climate-related risks and 
opportunities.
Governance Structure
   
19 (a) (iii) How the body(s) or individual(s) takes 
into account climate-related risks and 
opportunities when overseeing the issuer’s 
strategy, its decisions on major transactions, 
and its risk management processes and 
related policies, including whether the body(s) 
or individual(s) has considered trade-offs 
associated with those risks and opportunities.
Governance Structure
   
19 (a) (iv) How the body(s) or individual(s) oversees 
the setting of, and monitors progress 
towards, targets related to climate-related 
risks and opportunities (see paragraphs 
37 to 40), including whether and how 
related performance metrics are included in 
remuneration policies (see paragraph 35).
Governance Structure
   
19 (b) An issuer shall disclose information about management’s role in the 
governance processes, controls and procedures used to monitor, manage 
and oversee climate-related risks and opportunities, including information 
about:   
19 (b) (i) Whether the role is delegated to a specific 
management-level position or management-
level committee and how oversight is 
exercised over that position or committee.
Governance Structure
   
19 (b) (ii) Whether management uses controls and 
procedures to support the oversight of 
climate-related risks and opportunities and, 
if so, how these controls and procedures are 
integrated with other internal functions.
Governance Structure
   

--- PAGE 89 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
88
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Part D: Climate-related Disclosures   
Climate-related Disclosures Section/Statement  
(II) Strategy   
Climate-related risks and opportunities   
20 An issuer shall disclose information to enable an understanding of climate-
related risks and opportunities that could reasonably be expected to affect 
the issuer’s cash flows, its access to finance or cost of capital over the 
short, medium or long term. Specifically, the issuer shall:   
20 (a) Describe climate-related risks and 
opportunities that could reasonably be 
expected to affect the issuer’s cash flows, its 
access to finance or cost of capital over the 
short, medium or long term.
Climate-related Risks and 
Opportunities
   
20 (b) Explain, for each climate-related risk the 
issuer has identified, whether the issuer 
considers the risk to be a climate-related 
physical risk or climate-related transition risk.
Climate-related Risks and 
Opportunities
   
20 (c) Specify, for each climate-related risk and 
opportunity the issuer has identified, over 
which time horizons — short, medium or long 
term — the effects of each climate-related 
risk and opportunity could reasonably be 
expected to occur.
Climate-related Risks and 
Opportunities;
   
20 (d) Explain how the issuer defines ’short term’, 
‘medium term’ and ‘long term’ and how these 
definitions are linked to the planning horizons 
used by the issuer for strategic decision-
making.
Climate-related Risks and 
Opportunities
   

--- PAGE 90 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
89
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Part D: Climate-related Disclosures   
Climate-related Disclosures Section/Statement  
Business model and value chain   
21 An issuer shall disclose information that enables an understanding of the 
current and anticipated effects of climate-related risks and opportunities on 
the issuer’s business model and value chain. Specifically, the issuer shall 
disclose:   
21 (a) A description of the current and anticipated 
effects of climate-related risks and 
opportunities on the issuer’s business model 
and value chain.
Climate-related Risks and 
Opportunities 
Determination of Scope of 
Value Chain: Reasonable 
Information Relief is adopted. 
The Group will keep refining 
its method in determining the 
scope of value chain in its 
climate risk assessment   
21 (b) A description of where in the issuer’s business 
model and value chain climate-related risks 
and opportunities are concentrated (for 
example, geographical areas, facilities and 
types of assets).
Climate-related Risks and 
Opportunities 
Determination of Scope of 
Value Chain: Reasonable 
Information Relief is adopted. 
The Group will keep refining 
its method in determining the 
scope of value chain in its 
climate risk assessment   

--- PAGE 91 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
90
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Part D: Climate-related Disclosures   
Climate-related Disclosures Section/Statement  
Strategy and decision-making   
22 An issuer shall disclose information that enables an understanding of 
the effects of climate-related risks and opportunities on its strategy and 
decision-making. Specifically, the issuer shall disclose:   
22 (a) Information about how the issuer has 
responded to, and plans to respond to, 
climate-related risks and opportunities in its 
strategy and decision-making, including how 
the issuer plans to achieve any climate-related 
targets it has set and any targets it is required 
to meet by law or regulation. Specifically, the 
issuer shall disclose information about:
Refer to the below
   
22 (a) (i) Current and anticipated changes to the 
issuer’s business model, including its 
resource allocation, to address climate-related 
risks and opportunities.
Climate-related Risks and 
Opportunities; Climate-
related Financial Matters
   
22 (a) (ii) Current and anticipated adaptation and 
mitigation efforts (whether direct or indirect).
Climate-related Risks and 
Opportunities   
22 (a) (iii) Any climate-related transition plan the 
issuer has (including information about key 
assumptions used in developing its transition 
plan, and dependencies on which the issuer’s 
transition plan relies), or an appropriate 
negative statement where the issuer does not 
have a climate-related transition plan.
The Group does not have a 
climate-related transition plan
   
22 (a) (iv) How the issuer plans to achieve any climate-
related targets (including any greenhouse 
gas emissions targets (if any)), described in 
accordance with paragraphs 37 to 40.
Metrics and Targets
   
22 (b) Information about how the issuer is 
resourcing, and plans to resource, the 
activities disclosed in accordance with 
paragraph 22(a).
Governance Structure; 
Climate-related Financial 
Matters
   
23 An issuer shall disclose information about 
the progress of plans disclosed in previous 
reporting periods in accordance with 
paragraph 22(a).
N/A
   

--- PAGE 92 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
91
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Part D: Climate-related Disclosures   
Climate-related Disclosures Section/Statement  
Financial position, financial performance and cash flows   
Current financial effect   
24 An issuer shall disclose qualitative and quantitative information about:   
24 (a) How climate-related risks and opportunities 
have affected its financial position, financial 
performance and cash flows for the reporting 
period.
Climate-related Risks and 
Opportunities; Climate-
related Financial Matters
Quantification of Current 
Financial Effects: Budget 
allocated to climate-related 
works during the Reporting 
Period is disclosed in this 
Report. For the details of 
climate-related current 
financial effects (other than 
those mentioned in Climate-
related Financial Matters 
section), the Group has yet 
to disclose it quantitatively. 
We are working closely with 
our ESG expert to determine 
useful parameters for the 
disclosure of quantitative 
financial effect information 
in the future. Qualitative 
financial effect information is 
disclosed in this Report   
24 (b) The climate-related risks and opportunities 
identified in paragraph 24(a) for which there 
is a significant risk of a material adjustment 
within the next annual reporting period to 
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities 
reported in the related financial statements.
No significant risk of material 
adjustment
   

--- PAGE 93 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
92
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Part D: Climate-related Disclosures   
Climate-related Disclosures Section/Statement  
Anticipated financial effect   
25 The issuer shall provide qualitative and quantitative disclosures about:   
25 (a) How the issuer expects its financial position 
to change over the short, medium and long 
term, given its strategy to manage climate-
related risks and opportunities, taking into 
consideration:
(i) its investment and disposal plans; and
(ii) its planned sources of funding to 
implement its strategy.
Climate-related Financial 
Matters
   
25 (b) How the issuer expects its financial 
performance and cash flow to change over 
the short, medium and long term, given its 
strategy to manage climate-related risks and 
opportunities.
Climate-related Financial 
Matters
Quantification of Anticipated 
Financial Effects: Capabilities 
Relief is adopted. For the 
details of climate-related 
anticipated financial effects 
(other than those mentioned 
in Climate-related Financial 
Matters section), the 
Group has yet to disclose 
it quantitatively. We are 
working closely with our ESG 
expert to determine useful 
parameters for the disclosure 
of quantitative financial effect 
information in the future. 
Qualitative financial effect 
information is disclosed in 
this Report   

--- PAGE 94 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
93
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Part D: Climate-related Disclosures   
Climate-related Disclosures Section/Statement  
Climate resilience   
26 An issuer shall disclose information that enables an understanding of the 
resilience of the issuer’s strategy and business model to climate-related 
changes, developments and uncertainties, taking into consideration the 
issuer’s identified climate-related risks and opportunities. An issuer shall use 
climate-related scenario analysis to assess its climate resilience using an 
approach that is commensurate with an issuer’s circumstances. In providing 
quantitative information, the issuer may disclose a single amount or a range. 
Specifically, the issuer shall disclose:   
26 (a) The issuer’s assessment of its climate resilience as at the reporting date, 
which shall enable an understanding of:   
26 (a) (i) The implications, if any, of the issuer’s 
assessment for its strategy and business 
model, including how the issuer would need to 
respond to the effects identified in the climate-
related scenario analysis.
Climate-related Risks and 
Opportunities; Climate-
related Financial Matters;
The Group has not yet 
conducted climate-related 
scenario analysis.
  
26 (a) (ii) The significant areas of uncertainty 
considered in the issuer’s assessment of its 
climate resilience.  
26 (a) (iii) The issuer’s capacity to adjust, or adapt 
its strategy and business model to climate 
change over the short, medium or long term.   

--- PAGE 95 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
94
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Part D: Climate-related Disclosures   
Climate-related Disclosures Section/Statement  
26 (b) How and when the climate-related scenario analysis was carried out, 
including:   
26 (b) (i) Information about the inputs used, including:   
26 (b) (i) (1) Which climate-related scenarios the issuer 
used for the analysis and the sources of such 
scenarios.
The Group has not yet 
conducted climate-related 
scenario analysis.  
26 (b) (i) (2) Whether the analysis included a diverse range 
of climate-related scenarios.  
26 (b) (i) (3) Whether the climate-related scenarios used 
for the analysis are associated with climate-
related transition risks or climate-related 
physical risks.  
26 (b) (i) (4) Whether the issuer used, among its scenarios, 
a climate-related scenario aligned with the 
latest international agreement on climate 
change.  
26 (b) (i) (5) Why the issuer decided that its chosen 
climate-related scenarios are relevant to 
assessing its resilience to climate-related 
changes, developments or uncertainties.  
26 (b) (i) (6) Time horizons the issuer used in the analysis.  
26 (b) (i) (7) What scope of operations the issuer used 
in the analysis (for example, the operation 
locations and business units used in the 
analysis).  
26 (b) (ii) The key assumptions the issuer made in the 
analysis.  
26 (b) (iii) The reporting period in which the climate-
related scenario analysis was carried out.   

--- PAGE 96 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
95
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Part D: Climate-related Disclosures   
Climate-related Disclosures Section/Statement  
(III) Risk Management   
27 An issuer shall disclose information about:   
27 (a) The processes and related policies it uses to 
identify, assess, prioritise and monitor climate-
related risks, including information about:
Refer to the below
   
27 (a) (i) The inputs and parameters the issuer uses 
(for example, information about data sources 
and the scope of operations covered in the 
processes).
The Group has not yet 
conducted climate-related 
scenario analysis.
   
27 (a) (ii) Whether and how the issuer uses climate-
related scenario analysis to inform its 
identification of climate-related risks.
The Group has not yet 
conducted climate-related 
scenario analysis.   
27 (a) (iii) How the issuer assesses the nature, likelihood 
and magnitude of the effects of those risks 
(for example, whether the issuer considers 
qualitative factors, quantitative thresholds or 
other criteria).
Climate-related Risks and 
Opportunities
   
27 (a) (iv) Whether and how the issuer prioritises 
climate-related risks relative to other types of 
risks.
Climate-related Risks and 
Opportunities
   
27 (a) (v) How the issuer monitors climate-related risks. Governance Structure; 
Climate-related Risks and 
Opportunities   
27 (a) (vi) Whether and how the issuer has changed the 
processes it uses compared with the previous 
reporting period.
The Group has not yet 
conducted climate-related 
scenario analysis.   
27(b) The processes the issuer uses to identify, 
assess, prioritise and monitor climate-related 
opportunities (including information about 
whether and how the issuer uses climate-
related scenario analysis to inform its 
identification of climate-related opportunities).
Governance Structure; 
Climate-related Risks and 
Opportunities
The Group has not yet 
conducted climate-related 
scenario analysis.   
27(c) The extent to which, and how, the processes 
for identifying, assessing, prioritising 
and monitoring climate-related risks and 
opportunities are integrated into and inform 
the issuer’s overall risk management process.
Climate-related Risks and 
Opportunities
   

--- PAGE 97 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
96
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Part D: Climate-related Disclosures   
Climate-related Disclosures Section/Statement  
(IV) Metrics and Targets   
Greenhouse gas emissions   
28 An issuer shall disclose its absolute gross greenhouse gas emissions 
generated during the reporting period, expressed as metric tons of CO 2 
equivalent, classified as:   
28 (a) Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions. Metrics and Targets  
28 (b) Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions.  
28 (c) Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions.   
29 An issuer shall:   
29 (a) Measure its greenhouse gas emissions 
in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas 
Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and 
Reporting Standard (2004) unless required by 
a jurisdictional authority or another exchange 
on which the issuer is listed to use a different 
method for measuring greenhouse gas 
emissions.
Metrics and Targets
   
29 (b) Disclose the approach it uses to measure its greenhouse gas emissions 
including:   
29 (b) (i) The measurement approach, inputs and 
assumptions the issuer uses to measure its 
greenhouse gas emissions.
Metrics and Targets
  
29 (b) (ii) The reason why the issuer has chosen 
the measurement approach, inputs 
and assumptions it uses to measure its 
greenhouse gas emissions.  
29 (b) (iii) Any changes the issuer made to the 
measurement approach, inputs and 
assumptions during the reporting period and 
the reasons for those changes.  
29 (c) For Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions 
disclosed in accordance with paragraph 
28(b), disclose its location-based Scope 
2 greenhouse gas emissions, and provide 
information about any contractual instruments 
that is necessary to enable an understanding 
of the issuer’s Scope 2 greenhouse gas 
emissions.  
29 (d) For Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions 
disclosed in accordance with paragraph 
28(c), disclose the categories included within 
the issuer’s measure of Scope 3 greenhouse 
gas emissions, in accordance with the Scope 
3 categories described in the Greenhouse 
Gas Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) 
Accounting and Reporting Standard (2011).   

--- PAGE 98 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
97
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Part D: Climate-related Disclosures   
Climate-related Disclosures Section/Statement  
Climate-related transition risks   
30 An issuer shall disclose the amount and 
percentage of assets or business activities 
vulnerable to climate-related transition risks.
Reasonable information 
relief is adopted in the 
Reporting Period. The 
Group is reviewing the 
climate-related financial 
effects and will provide 
quantifiable information 
including amount and % of 
assets or business activities 
vulnerable to risks in the 
future   
Climate-related physical risks   
31 An issuer shall disclose the amount and 
percentage of assets or business activities 
vulnerable to climate-related physical risks.
Reasonable information 
relief is adopted in the 
Reporting Period. The 
Group is reviewing the 
climate-related financial 
effects and will provide 
quantifiable information 
including amount and % of 
assets or business activities 
vulnerable to risks in the 
future   
Climate-related opportunities   
32 An issuer shall disclose the amount and 
percentage of assets or business activities 
aligned with climate-related opportunities.
Reasonable information 
relief is adopted in the 
Reporting Period. The Group 
is reviewing the climate-
related financial effects and 
will provide quantifiable 
information including 
amount and % of assets or 
business activities aligned 
with opportunities in the 
future   

--- PAGE 99 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
98
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Part D: Climate-related Disclosures   
Climate-related Disclosures Section/Statement  
Capital deployment   
33 An issuer shall disclose the amount of 
capital expenditure, financing or investment 
deployed towards climate-related risks and 
opportunities.
Climate-related Financial 
Matters
   
Internal carbon prices   
34 An issuer shall disclose:   
34 (a) An explanation of whether and how the issuer 
is applying a carbon price in decision-making 
(for example, investment decisions, transfer 
pricing, and scenario analysis).
The Group does not apply 
a carbon price in decision-
making
  
34 (b) The price of each metric tonne of greenhouse 
gas emissions the issuer uses to assess the 
costs of its greenhouse gas emissions.  
34 Or an appropriate negative statement that 
the issuer does not apply a carbon price in 
decision-making.   
Remuneration   
35 An issuer shall disclose whether and how 
climate-related considerations are factored 
into remuneration policy, or an appropriate 
negative statement. This may form part of the 
disclosure under paragraph 19(a)(iv).
No climate-related 
considerations are factored 
into remuneration policy
   

--- PAGE 100 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
99
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Part D: Climate-related Disclosures   
Climate-related Disclosures Section/Statement  
Industry-based metrics   
36 An issuer is encouraged to disclose industry-
based metrics that are associated with one 
or more particular business models, activities 
or other common features that characterize 
participation in an industry. In determining 
the industry-based metrics that the issuer 
discloses, an issuer is encouraged to refer to 
and consider the applicability of the industry-
based metrics associated with disclosure 
topics described in the IFRS S2 Industry-
based Guidance on implementing Climate-
related Disclosures and other industry-based 
disclosure requirements prescribed under 
other international ESG reporting frameworks.
Disclosure of industry-
based metrics has yet to be 
included
   
Climate-related targets   
37 An issuer shall disclose (a) the qualitative and quantitative climate-related 
targets the issuer has set to monitor progress towards achieving its 
strategic goals; and (b) any targets the issuer is required to meet by law 
or regulation, including any greenhouse gas emissions targets. For each 
target, the issuer shall disclose:   
37 (a) The metric used to set the target. Metrics and Targets  
37 (b) The objective of the target (for example, 
mitigation, adaptation or conformance with 
science-based initiatives).  
37 (c) The part of the issuer to which the target 
applies (for example, whether the target 
applies to the issuer in its entirety or only a 
part of the issuer, such as a specific business 
unit or geographic region).  
37 (d) The period over which the target applies.  
37 (e) The base period from which progress is 
measured.  
37 (f) Milestones or interim targets (if any).  
37 (g) If the target is quantitative, whether the target 
is an absolute target or an intensity target.  
37 (h) How the latest international agreement on 
climate change, including jurisdictional 
commitments that arise from that agreement, 
has informed the target.   

--- PAGE 101 ---
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
100
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Part D: Climate-related Disclosures   
Climate-related Disclosures Section/Statement  
38 An issuer shall disclose information about its approach to setting and 
reviewing each target, and how it monitors progress against each target, 
including:   
38 (a) Whether the target and the methodology for 
setting the target has been validated by a 
third party.
The target has not been 
validated by a third party
   
38 (b) The issuer’s processes for reviewing the 
target.
Metrics and Targets
   
38 (c) The metrics used to monitor progress towards 
reaching the target.
Metrics and Targets
   
38 (d) Any revisions to the target and an explanation 
for those revisions.
No revisions to the target
   
39 An issuer shall disclose information about its 
performance against each climate-related 
target and an analysis of trends or changes in 
the issuer’s performance.
Metrics and Targets
   
40 For each greenhouse gas emission targets disclosed in accordance with 
paragraphs 37 to 39, an issuer shall disclose:   
40 (a) Which greenhouse gases are covered by the 
target.
Metrics and Targets
   
40 (b) Whether Scope 1, Scope 2 or Scope 3 
greenhouse gas emissions are covered by the 
target.
Metrics and Targets
   
40 (c) Whether the target is a gross greenhouse gas 
emissions target or a net greenhouse gas 
emissions target. If the issuer discloses a net 
greenhouse gas emissions target, the issuer 
is also required to separately disclose its 
associated gross greenhouse gas emissions 
target.
Metrics and Targets
   

--- PAGE 102 ---
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
101
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Part D: Climate-related Disclosures   
Climate-related Disclosures Section/Statement  
40 (d) Whether the target was derived using a 
sectoral decarbonisation approach.
Sectoral decarbonisation 
approach was not used   
40 (e) The issuer’s planned use of carbon credits to 
offset greenhouse gas emissions to achieve 
any net greenhouse gas emissions target. In 
explaining its planned use of carbon credits, 
the issuer shall disclose:
The Group did not use 
carbon credits in the 
Reporting Period
  
40 (e) (i) The extent to which, and how, achieving any 
net greenhouse gas emissions target relies on 
the use of carbon credits.  
40 (e) (ii) Which third-party scheme(s) will verify or 
certify the carbon credits.  
40 (e) (iii) The type of carbon credit, including whether 
the underlying offset will be nature-based or 
based on technology carbon removals, and 
whether the underlying offset is achieved 
through carbon reduction or removal.  
40 (e) (iv) Any other factors necessary to enable an 
understanding of the credibility and integrity 
of the carbon credits the issuer plans to use 
(for example, assumptions regarding the 
permanence of the carbon offset).   

--- PAGE 103 ---
 
Independent Auditor’s Report
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
102
Ernst & Young 
27/F, One Taikoo Place
979 King’s Road 
Quarry Bay, Hong Kong 
ה
༸໮
ᅽ
5FM ཥ༑
'BY ෂॆ
FZDPN
To the shareholders of Shineroad International Holdings Limited
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Shineroad International Holdings Limited 
(the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “ Group”) set out on pages 106 to 180, which comprise the 
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025, and the consolidated statement 
of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity 
and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated 
financial statements, including material accounting policy information.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated 
financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial 
performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with HKFRS 
Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants 
(“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the 
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued 
by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s 
responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements  section of our report. We 
are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional 
Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. 
We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that 
the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance 
in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were 
addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in 
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each 
matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of 
the consolidated financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. 
Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our 
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results 
of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide 
the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

--- PAGE 104 ---
 
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
103
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Impairment allowance for trade receivables
As at 31 December 2025, the balance of 
trade receivables amounted to approximately 
RMB87,378,000. Trade receivables accounted 
for 12.1% of total assets in the consolidated 
statement of financial position. The Group 
recognised an allowance for estimated credit 
losses for trade receivables of approximately 
RMB1,272,000 as at 31 December 2025, 
which required significant judgement from 
management in evaluating probability of default, 
expected losses and forward looking factors.
We identified impairment allowance for trade 
receivables as a key audit matter due to the 
significant judgements and estimates exercised 
by the Group’s management.
The accounting policies and disclosures for 
the loss allowance for impairment of trade 
receivables are made in notes 2.4, 3 and 19 to 
the consolidated financial statements.
We performed the following procedures to 
assess the impairment allowance for trade 
receivables:
— understood, evaluated and validated the 
design and operating effectiveness of 
management control over the assessment 
of allowance for trade receivables;
— tested on a sample basis the ageing of 
trade receivables at year end;
— evaluated and tested the methodologies 
and data/parameters used by management, 
including migration rate, historical loss 
information and forward looking factors;
— analysed the fluctuations of major 
customers’ outstanding balance and trade 
receivable turnover days; and
— checked the customer nature, background, 
credit standing for each of the material 
trade receivables as at year end by 
performing public research and making 
inquiry of major customers.
OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information 
comprises the information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial 
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do 
not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the 
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent 
with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise 
appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that 
there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have 
nothing to report in this regard.
Independent Auditor’s Report

--- PAGE 105 ---
 
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
104
RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial 
statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as 
issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, 
and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of 
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible 
for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters 
related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the 
Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative 
but to do so.
The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their 
responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial 
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue 
an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no 
other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the 
contents of this report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in 
accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can 
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those 
risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than 
for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an 
opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting 
estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
Independent Auditor’s Report

--- PAGE 106 ---
 
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
105
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting 
and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to 
events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going 
concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention 
in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if 
such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit 
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions 
may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, 
including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the 
underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
• Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the 
financial information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming 
an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, 
supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain 
solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal 
control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other 
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions 
taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were 
of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and 
are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or 
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, 
we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of 
such communication.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Lam Wai Ming, 
Ada (practising certificate number: P04699).
Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
26 March 2026
Independent Auditor’s Report

--- PAGE 107 ---
Year ended 31 December 2025
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and 
Other Comprehensive Income
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
106
2025 2024
Notes RMB’000 RMB’000    
REVENUE 5 651,482 661,645
Cost of sales (530,577) (536,026)  
Gross profit 120,905 125,619
Other income and gains 5 26,737 2,107
Selling and distribution expenses (25,943) (24,371)
Administrative expenses (39,115) (40,547)
Impairment losses on financial assets, net 6 (137) (67)
Other expenses (982) (3,100)
Finance costs 7 (443) (677)
Share of profit of an associate 651 2,532  
PROFIT BEFORE TAX 6 81,673 61,496
Income tax expense 10 (24,057) (17,810)  
PROFIT FOR THE YEAR 57,616 43,686  
Attributable to:
Owners of the parent 57,616 43,686  
57,616 43,686  
EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO 
ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT:
Basic and diluted (RMB) 12 0.08 0.06  

--- PAGE 108 ---
Year ended 31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
107
2025 2024
Notes RMB’000 RMB’000    
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME
Other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be 
reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign 
operations 2,939 (2,203)  
Net other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be 
reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods 2,939 (2,203)  
Other comprehensive (loss)/income that will not be 
reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
Exchange differences on translation of the Company (3,985) 3,787  
Net other comprehensive (loss)/income that will not be 
reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods (3,985) 3,787  
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME FOR THE 
YEAR, NET OF TAX (1,046) 1,584  
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR 56,570 45,270  
Attributable to:
Owners of the parent 56,570 45,270  
56,570 45,270  
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and 
Other Comprehensive Income

--- PAGE 109 ---
31 December 2025
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
108
2025 2024
Notes RMB’000 RMB’000    
NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment 13 174,015 163,817
Right-of-use assets 14 32,225 33,577
Other intangible assets 9 10
Investment in an associate 15 — 106,628
Long-term time deposit 16 — 30,000
Deferred tax assets 17 513 2,936
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets 20 943 —  
Total non-current assets 207,705 336,968  
CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories 18 41,708 50,755
Trade receivables 19 87,378 101,562
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets 20 16,536 14,115
Amounts due from related parties 21 1,219 1,151
Pledged deposits 16 19,566 17,796
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 22 132,751 —
Time deposit 16 30,000 —
Cash and cash equivalents 16 186,819 185,175  
Total current assets 515,977 370,554  
CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade payables 23 28,039 28,988
Other payables and accruals 24 34,744 70,041
Amounts due to related parties 21 5,155 5,494
Interest-bearing bank borrowings 25 16,189 31,960
Lease liabilities 14 1,154 1,258
Tax payable 2,159 6,191  
Total current liabilities 87,440 143,932  
NET CURRENT ASSETS 428,537 226,622  
TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES 636,242 563,590  

--- PAGE 110 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
109
2025 2024
Notes RMB’000 RMB’000    
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities 14 1,004 1,620
Interest-bearing bank borrowings 25 80,945 61,757
Deferred tax liabilities 17 7,963 1,250
Other payables and accruals 24 4,075 —
Deferred income 26 1,200 —  
Total non-current liabilities 95,187 64,627  
NET ASSETS 541,055 498,963  
EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital 30 5,681 5,681
Other reserves 31 535,374 493,282  
Total equity 541,055 498,963  
  
Huang Haixiao Huang Xinrong
Director Director
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

--- PAGE 111 ---
Year ended 31 December 2025
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
110
Attributable to owners of the parent 
Share 
capital
Share 
premium
Other 
reserve
Statutory 
reserve
Exchange 
fluctuation 
reserve
Retained 
profits
Total 
equity
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
(note 30)        
At 1 January 2025 5,681 167,697 379 57,629 5,185 262,392 498,963
Profit for the year — — — — — 57,616 57,616
Other comprehensive income  
for the year:
Exchange differences on 
translation of foreign 
operations — — — — (1,046) — (1,046)       
Total comprehensive income  
for the year — — — — (1,046) 57,616 56,570
Final 2024 dividend declared — (14,099) — — — — (14,099)
Transfer from retained profits — — — 6,257 — (6,257) —
Gain on deemed disposal of an 
associate — — (379) — — — (379)       
At 31 December 2025 5,681 153,598* —* 63,886* 4,139* 313,751* 541,055       
Attributable to owners of the parent 
Share 
capital
Share 
premium
Other 
reserve
Statutory 
reserve
Exchange 
fluctuation 
reserve
Retained 
profits
Total 
equity
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
(note 30)        
At 1 January 2024 5,681 176,985 206 52,061 3,601 224,274 462,808
Profit for the year — — — — — 43,686 43,686
Other comprehensive income  
for the year:
Exchange differences on 
translation of foreign 
operations — — — — 1,584 — 1,584       
Total comprehensive income  
for the year — — — — 1,584 43,686 45,270
Final 2023 dividend declared — (9,288) — — — — (9,288)
Transfer from retained profits — — — 5,568 — (5,568) —
Share of other changes in equity  
of an associate — — 173 — — — 173       
At 31 December 2024 5,681 167,697* 379* 57,629* 5,185* 262,392* 498,963       
* These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated other reserves of RMB535,374,000 (2024: RMB493,282,000) in the 
consolidated statement of financial position.

--- PAGE 112 ---
Year ended 31 December 2025
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
111
2025 2024
Notes RMB’000 RMB’000    
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax 81,673 61,496
Adjustments for:
Finance costs 7 443 677
Share of profit of an associate (651) (2,532)
Interest income (580) (1,500)
Gain on deemed disposal of an associate 6 (16,288) —
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 6,13 232 254
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 6,14 1,277 2,762
Amortisation of other intangible assets 6 1 59
Write-down of inventories to net realisable value 6,18 281 507
Impairment on trade receivables 6,19 137 67
Fair value changes of financial investments at fair 
value through profit or loss (9,563) —
Gain on termination of leases 6,14 — (14)  
56,962 61,776
Decrease in inventories 8,766 5,845
Decrease/(increase) in trade receivables 14,047 (17,288)
(Increase)/decrease in prepayments, other receivables 
and other assets (2,489) 2,212
(Increase)/decrease in pledged deposits (1,770) 36
Decrease in trade payables (1,288) (289)
Increase in deferred income 1,200 —
(Decrease)/increase in other payables and accruals (225) 1,185  
Cash generated from operations 75,203 53,477
Interest paid (66) (128)
Bank interest received 580 1,500
Income tax paid (18,953) (15,818)  
Net cash flows from operating activities 56,764 39,031  
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment (39,610) (48,386)
Investment income received 15 — 309
Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and 
equipment 34 4
Purchase of intangible assets — (9)  
Net cash flows used in investing activities (39,576) (48,082)  

--- PAGE 113 ---
Year ended 31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
112
2025 2024
Notes RMB’000 RMB’000    
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
New bank loans 55,490 69,009
Repayment of bank loans (52,073) (20,000)
Interest paid (2,523) (2,174)
Dividends paid (14,099) (9,288)
Principal portion of lease payments 32(b) (1,292) (2,409)  
Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities (14,497) 35,138  
NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 2,691 26,087
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 185,175 157,502
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net (1,047) 1,586  
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR 16 186,819 185,175  
ANALYSIS OF BALANCE OF CASH AND  
CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalents 16 186,819 185,175  
186,819 185,175  
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

--- PAGE 114 ---
31 December 2025
Notes to Financial Statements
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
113
1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION
Shineroad International Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated as an investment 
holding company in the Cayman Islands with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman 
Islands. The registered office address of the Company is Windward 3, Regatta Office Park, PO 
Box 1350, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands.
During the year, Shineroad International Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively the 
“Group”) was principally engaged in the distribution of food ingredients and food additives.
The ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company is Mr. Huang Haixiao (known as the 
“Controlling Shareholder”).
Information about subsidiaries
Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:
Name
Place of 
incorporation/
registration and 
business
Date of 
incorporation
Nominal value of 
issued ordinary/
registered 
share capital
Percentage of 
equity attributable 
to the Company
Principal 
activities
Direct Indirect       
Shanghai Shineroad Food 
Ingredients Co., Ltd. (a) 
People’s Republic of 
China (The “PRC”)/
Chinese mainland
10 January 2011 RMB150,202,000 — 100% Distribution 
of food 
ingredients 
and food 
additives
Beijing Shineroad Food 
Additives Co., Ltd. (a) 
The PRC/ 
Chinese mainland
10 July 2011 RMB15,000,000 — 100% Distribution 
of food 
ingredients 
and food 
additives
Guangzhou Jieyang Food 
Technology Co., Ltd. (a) 
The PRC/ 
Chinese mainland
16 December 2010 RMB20,000,000 — 100% Distribution 
of food 
ingredients 
and food 
additives
Shineroad Holding Limited British Virgin Islands 1 December 2015 US$50,000 100% — Investment 
holding
Shineroad Food Holding Limited Hong Kong 9 December 2015 HK$1 — 100% Investment 
holding
Shineroad Food Technology 
(Thailand) Co., Ltd.
Thailand 1 October 2019 THB2,250,000 — 99% Distribution 
of food 
ingredients

--- PAGE 115 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
114
Name
Place of 
incorporation/
registration and 
business
Date of 
incorporation
Nominal value of 
issued ordinary/
registered 
share capital
Percentage of 
equity attributable 
to the Company
Principal 
activities
Direct Indirect       
Shineroad Food Holdings 
(Thailand) Co., Ltd.
Thailand 3 April 2019 THB3,000,000 — 99% Investment 
holding
Shineroad Food Technology 
(Vietnam) Co., Ltd.
Vietnam 5 September 2019 US$500,000 — 100% Distribution 
of food 
ingredients
Shineroad Investment Vietnam 
Co., Ltd.
Vietnam 8 March 2019 US$1,000,000 — 100% R&D and 
distribution 
of food 
ingredients
Shanghai Xintaotao Technology 
Development Co., Ltd. (a)
The PRC/ 
Chinese mainland
30 January 2023 RMB10,000,000 — 100% Distribution 
of food 
ingredients
Shanghai Zhanrong Industrial 
Development Co., Ltd. (a)
The PRC/ 
Chinese mainland
13 January 2023 RMB20,000,000 — 100% Investment 
holding
Neo Shineroad Hong Kong 
Holdings Limited
Hong Kong 28 November 2022 HK$10,000 — 100% Investment 
holding
(a) Registered as domestic companies with limited liability under the laws of the PRC.
The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, 
principally affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the 
Group. 
1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)
Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 116 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
115
2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting 
Standards (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting 
Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified 
Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies 
Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention except for financial 
assets at fair value through profit or loss. These financial statements are presented in Renminbi 
(“RMB”) and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.
Basis of consolidation
he consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and 
its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2025. A subsidiary is an entity (including a 
structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the 
Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and 
has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that 
give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).
Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the 
Company has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group 
considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an 
investee, including:
(a) the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;
(b) rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
(c) the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.
The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the 
Company, using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated 
from the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date 
that such control ceases.
Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners 
of the parent of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-
controlling interests having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, 
income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are 
eliminated in full on consolidation.
The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate 
that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A 
change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an 
equity transaction.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 117 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
116
2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
Basis of consolidation (Continued)
If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related assets (including 
goodwill), liabilities, any non-controlling interest and the exchange fluctuation reserve; and 
recognises the fair value of any investment retained and any resulting surplus or deficit in profit 
or loss. The Group’s share of components previously recognised in other comprehensive income 
is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be 
required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.
2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
The Group has adopted amendments to HKAS 21 Lack of Exchangeability for the first time for 
the current year’s financial statements. The Group has not early adopted any other standard or 
amendment that has been issued but is not yet effective.
Amendments to HKAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable 
into another currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date 
when exchangeability is lacking. The amendments require disclosures of information that enable 
users of financial statements to understand the impact of a currency not being exchangeable. 
As the currencies that the Group had transacted in and the functional currencies of overseas 
subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates for translation into the Group’s presentation currency 
were exchangeable, the amendments did not have any impact on the Group’s financial 
statements.
In addition, the HKICPA has issued amendments to Illustrative Examples on HKFRS 7, 
HKFRS 18, HKAS 1, HKAS 8, HKAS 36 and HKAS 37 Disclosures about Uncertainties in 
the Financial Statements, which added illustrative examples in the corresponding HKFRS 
Accounting Standards. These examples reflect existing requirements in the corresponding 
HKFRS Accounting Standards to report the effects of uncertainties in the financial statements 
using climate-related examples. Therefore, the amendments do not have an effective date or 
transitional provisions. The Group has considered the guidance in these illustrative examples 
and the amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial 
statements.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 118 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
117
2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
The Group has not applied the following new and amended HKFRS Accounting Standards, that 
have been issued but are not yet effective, in these financial statements. The Group intends to 
apply these new and amended HKFRS Accounting Standards, if applicable, when they become 
effective.
HKFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements 2
HKFRS 19 and its amendments Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures 2
Amendments to HKFRS 9 and 
HKFRS 7
Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of 
Financial Instruments 1
Amendments to HKFRS 9 and 
HKFRS 7
Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity 1
Amendments to HKFRS 10 and 
HKAS 28
Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its 
Associate or Joint Venture 3
Amendments to HKAS 21 Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency 2
Annual Improvements to HKFRS 
Accounting Standards  
— Volume 11
Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 
and HKAS7 1
1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
2 Effective for annual/reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
3 No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
Further information about those HKFRS Accounting Standards that are expected to be 
applicable to the Group is described below.
HKFRS 18 replaces HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. While a number of sections 
have been brought forward from HKAS 1 with limited changes, HKFRS 18 introduces new 
requirements for presentation within the statement of profit or loss, including specified totals 
and subtotals. Entities are required to classify all income and expenses within the statement of 
profit or loss into one of the five categories: operating, investing, financing, income taxes and 
discontinued operations and to present two new defined subtotals. It also requires disclosures 
about management-defined performance measures in a single note and introduces enhanced 
requirements on the grouping (aggregation and disaggregation) and the location of information 
in both the primary financial statements and the notes. Some requirements previously included 
in HKAS 1 are moved to HKAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates 
and Errors, which is renamed as HKAS 8 Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements. As 
a consequence of the issuance of HKFRS 18, limited, but widely applicable, amendments 
are made to HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows, HKAS 33 Earnings per Share and HKAS 34 
Interim Financial Reporting. In addition, there are minor consequential amendments to other 
HKFRS Accounting Standards. HKFRS 18 and the consequential amendments to other HKFRS 
Accounting Standards are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027 
with earlier application permitted. Retrospective application is required. The Group is currently 
analysing the new requirements and assessing the impact of HKFRS 18 on the presentation and 
disclosure of the Group’s financial statements.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 119 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
118
2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS  
(Continued)
HKFRS 19 allows eligible entities to elect to apply reduced disclosure requirements while 
still applying the recognition, measurement and presentation requirements in other HKFRS 
Accounting Standards. To be eligible, at the end of the reporting period, an entity must be a 
subsidiary as defined in HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements, cannot have public 
accountability and must have a parent (ultimate or intermediate) that prepares consolidated 
financial statements available for public use which comply with HKFRS Accounting Standards 
or IFRS Accounting Standards. HKFRS 19 was amended in April 2025 to include IFRS 
Accounting Standards in the eligibility criteria for applying the standard. The standard was 
further amended in October 2025 to (i) remove disclosure objectives from HKFRS 19; (ii) reduce 
the disclosure requirements relating to supplier finance arrangements and a specific class of 
financial liabilities; and (iii) replace disclosure requirements relating to management-defined 
performance measures with a cross-reference to HKFRS 18 for entities that use these measures. 
Earlier application is permitted. As the Company is a listed company, it is not eligible to elect to 
apply HKFRS 19 and its amendments. Some of the Company’s subsidiaries are considering the 
application of HKFRS 19 and its amendments in their specified financial statements.
Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement 
of Financial Instruments  clarify the date on which a financial asset or financial liability is 
derecognised and introduce an accounting policy option to derecognise a financial liability 
that is settled through an electronic payment system before the settlement date if specified 
criteria are met. The amendments clarify how to assess the contractual cash flow characteristics 
of financial assets with environmental, social and governance and other similar contingent 
features. Moreover, the amendments clarify the requirements for classifying financial assets 
with non-recourse features and contractually linked instruments. The amendments also 
include additional disclosures for investments in equity instruments designated at fair value 
through other comprehensive income and financial instruments with contingent features. The 
amendments shall be applied retrospectively with an adjustment to opening retained profits (or 
other component of equity) at the initial application date. Prior periods are not required to be 
restated and can only be restated without the use of hindsight. Earlier application of either all the 
amendments at the same time or only the amendments related to the classification of financial 
assets is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the 
Group’s financial statements.
Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity 
clarify the application of the “own-use” requirements for in-scope contracts and amend the 
designation requirements for a hedged item in a cash flow hedging relationship for in-scope 
contracts. The amendments also include additional disclosures that enable users of financial 
statements to understand the effects these contracts have on an entity’s financial performance 
and future cash flows. The amendments relating to the own-use exception shall be applied 
retrospectively. Prior periods are not required to be restated and can only be restated without 
the use of hindsight. The amendments relating to the hedge accounting shall be applied 
prospectively to new hedging relationships designated on or after the date of the initial 
application. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 shall be 
applied at the same time. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on 
the Group’s financial statements.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 120 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
119
2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS  
(Continued)
Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in 
HKFRS 10 and in HKAS 28 in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor 
and its associate or joint venture. The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss 
resulting from a downstream transaction when the sale or contribution of assets constitutes a 
business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business, a gain or loss 
resulting from the transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of the 
unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied 
prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 
was removed by the HKICPA. However, the amendments are available for adoption now.
Amendments to HKAS 21 Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency require the 
translation from a non-hyperinflationary functional currency into a hyperinflationary presentation 
currency at the closing rate. The amendments also require an entity whose functional currency 
and presentation currency are the currency of a hyperinflationary economy to restate the 
comparative amounts of a foreign operation whose functional currency is that of a non-
hyperinflationary economy, by applying the general price index, in accordance with paragraph 
34 of HKAS 29 Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies, to the foreign operation’s 
comparative figures. The amendments introduce certain additional disclosures. Earlier 
application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on 
the Group’s financial statements.
Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards — Volume 11 set out amendments to 
HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7(and the accompanying Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7), HKFRS 9, 
HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7. Details of the amendments that are expected to be applicable to the 
Group are as follows:
• HKFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures: The amendments have updated certain 
wording in paragraph B38 of HKFRS 7 and paragraphs IG1, IG14 and IG20B of the 
Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7  for the purpose of simplification or achieving 
consistency with other paragraphs in the standard and/or with the concepts and 
terminology used in other standards. In addition, the amendments clarify that the Guidance 
on implementing HKFRS 7 does not necessarily illustrate all the requirements in the 
referenced paragraphs of HKFRS 7 nor does it create additional requirements. Earlier 
application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact 
on the Group’s financial statements.
• HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments: The amendments clarify that when a lessee has determined 
that a lease liability has been extinguished in accordance with HKFRS 9, the lessee is 
required to apply paragraph 3.3.3 of HKFRS 9 and recognise any resulting gain or loss 
in profit or loss. However, the amendments do not address how a lessee distinguishes 
between a lease modification as defined in HKFRS 16 and an extinguishment of a lease 
liability in accordance with HKFRS 9. In addition, the amendments have updated certain 
wording in paragraph 5.1.3 of HKFRS 9 and Appendix A of HKFRS 9 to remove potential 
confusion. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any 
significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 121 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
120
2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS  
(Continued)
• HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements: The amendments clarify that the relationship 
described in paragraph B74 of HKFRS 10 is just one example of various relationships that 
might exist between the investor and other parties acting as de facto agents of the investor, 
which removes the inconsistency with the requirement in paragraph B73 of HKFRS 10. 
Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant 
impact on the Group’s financial statements.
• HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows: The amendments replace the term “cost method” with 
“at cost” in paragraph 37 of HKAS 7 following the prior deletion of the definition of “cost 
method”. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any 
impact on the Group’s financial statements.
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Investments in associates
An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less than 
20% of the equity voting rights and over which it has significant influence. Significant influence is 
the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not 
control or joint control over those policies.
The Group’s investments in associates are stated in the consolidated statement of financial 
position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any 
impairment losses.
The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates 
is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated other comprehensive 
income, respectively. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the 
equity of the associate, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, 
in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting 
from transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the 
Group’s investments in the associates, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of 
an impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates is 
included as part of the Group’s investments in associates.
If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the 
retained interest is not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for 
under the equity method. In all other case, upon loss of significant influence over the associate, 
the Group measures and recognises any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference 
between the carrying amount of the associate upon loss of significant influence and the fair 
value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 122 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
121
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Impairment of non-financial assets
Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for non-financial 
asset is required (other than deferred tax assets, and inventories), the asset’s recoverable 
amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-
generating unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an 
individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of 
those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined 
for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate 
asset (e.g., a headquarters building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if it can 
be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-
generating units.
An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable 
amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their 
present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time 
value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to profit or loss 
in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the function of the 
impaired asset.
An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication 
that previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. 
If such an indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised 
impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in 
the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount 
higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/
amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years.
Related parties
A party is considered to be related to the Group if:
(a) the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person
(i) has control or joint control over the Group;
(ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
(iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the 
Group;
or
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 123 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
122
2.4  MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Related parties (Continued)
(b) the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:
(i) the entity and the Group are members of the same group;
(ii) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary 
or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);
(iii) the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;
(iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the 
third entity;
(v) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the 
Group or an entity related to the Group;
(vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);
(vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of 
the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and
(viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management 
personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.
Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less 
accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and 
equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset 
to its working condition and location for its intended use.
Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, 
such as repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to profit or loss in the period in which 
it is incurred. In situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a 
major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where 
significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the 
Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them 
accordingly.
Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, 
plant and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates 
used for this purpose are as follows:
Machinery 9.5% to 19.0%
Motor vehicles 23.8% to 31.7%
Office equipment 19.0% to 31.7%
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 124 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
123
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Property, plant and equipment and depreciation (Continued)
Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost 
of that item is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated 
separately. Residual values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and 
adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.
An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is 
derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or 
disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognised in profit or loss in the year the 
asset is derecognised is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount 
of the relevant asset.
Construction in progress is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. 
It is reclassified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed 
and ready for use.
Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of 
intangible assets acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. 
The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible 
assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over the useful economic life and assessed 
for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The 
amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life 
are reviewed at least at each financial year end.
Software
Purchased software is stated at cost less any impairment losses and is amortised on the 
straight-line basis over its estimated useful lives of 1 year to 3 years.
Research and development costs
All research costs are charged to the statement of profit or loss as incurred.
Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when 
the Group can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it 
will be available for use or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, 
how the asset will generate future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete 
the project and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the development. Product 
development expenditure which does not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 125 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
124
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Leases
The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract 
is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset 
for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
Group as a lessee
The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for 
short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make 
lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.
(a) Right-of-use assets
Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the 
date the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at 
cost, less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any 
remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of 
lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or 
before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are 
depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated 
useful lives of the assets as follows:
Office and warehouse 2 to 4 years
Leasehold land 50 years
If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or 
the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the 
estimated useful life of the asset.
(b) Lease liabilities
Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present 
value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed 
payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, 
variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be 
paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price 
of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of 
penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option 
to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a 
rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers 
the payment occurs.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 126 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
125
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Leases (Continued)
Group as a lessee (Continued)
(b) Lease liabilities (Continued)
In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental 
borrowing rate at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in 
the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of 
lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease 
payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there 
is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change 
to future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in 
assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.
(c) Short-term leases
The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of 
machinery and equipment (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less 
from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option).
Lease payments on short-term leases are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis 
over the lease term.
Investments and other financial assets
Initial recognition and measurement
Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised 
cost and fair value through profit or loss.
The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s 
contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With 
the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for 
which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant 
financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value, plus in 
the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade 
receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has 
applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS 
15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.
In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value 
through other comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments 
of principal and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with 
cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, 
irrespective of the business model.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 127 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
126
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
Initial recognition and measurement (Continued)
The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial 
assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows 
will result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial 
assets classified and measured at amortised cost are held within a business model with the 
objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets 
classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a 
business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. 
Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified 
and measured at fair value through profit or loss.
Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally 
established by regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognised on the trade date, 
that is, the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.
Subsequent measurement of financial assets at amortised cost
Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest 
method and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of 
profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.
Subsequent measurement of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial 
position at fair value with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.
Derecognition of financial assets
A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar 
financial assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated 
statement of financial position) when:
• the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
• the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed 
an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party 
under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially 
all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained 
substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 128 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
127
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Derecognition of financial assets (Continued)
When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered 
into a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and 
rewards of ownership of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all 
the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to 
recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, 
the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated 
liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has 
retained.
Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is 
measured at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of 
consideration that the Group could be required to repay.
Impairment of financial assets
The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments 
not held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the 
contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the 
Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. 
The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit 
enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.
General approach
ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a 
significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses 
that result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For 
those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial 
recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the 
exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).
At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument 
has increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group 
compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with 
the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and 
considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, 
including historical and forward-looking information. The Group considers that there has been a 
significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.
The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days 
past due. However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in 
default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the 
outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held 
by the Group.
A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the 
contractual cash flows.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 129 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
128
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
General approach (Continued)
Financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach 
and they are classified within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade 
receivables which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.
Stage 1 — Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since 
initial recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount 
equal to 12-month ECLs
Stage 2 — Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial 
recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss 
allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs
Stage 3 — Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not 
purchased or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is 
measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs
Simplified approach
For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group 
applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, 
the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, 
the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based 
on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is 
based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the 
debtors and the economic environment.
Financial liabilities
Initial recognition and measurement
Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging 
instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate.
All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and 
borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.
The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables and accruals, amounts due to 
related parties and interest-bearing bank borrowings.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 130 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
129
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Financial liabilities (Continued)
Subsequent measurement of financial liabilities
Financial liabilities at amortised cost (trade and other payables, and borrowings)
After initial recognition, trade and other payables, and interest-bearing borrowings are 
subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the 
effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and 
losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as 
well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.
Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and 
fees or costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate 
amortisation is included in finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.
Derecognition of financial liabilities
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or 
cancelled, or expires.
When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially 
different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange 
or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new 
liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the 
statement of profit or loss.
Offsetting of financial instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the 
statement of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the 
recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and 
settle the liabilities simultaneously.
Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the 
weighted average basis. Net realisable value is based on the estimated selling price less any 
estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 131 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
130
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at 
banks, and short-term highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that 
are readily convertible into known amounts of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in 
value and held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments.
For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents 
comprise cash on hand and at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank 
overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash 
management.
Income tax
Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside 
profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or 
directly in equity.
Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered 
from or paid to the taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been 
enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration 
interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.
Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the 
reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for 
financial reporting purposes.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:
• when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset 
or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the 
transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give 
rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences; and
• in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and 
associates, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled 
and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 132 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
131
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Income tax (Continued)
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the 
carryforward of unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are 
recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the 
deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax 
losses can be utilised, except:
• when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the 
initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination 
and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or 
loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences; and
• in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries 
and associates, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that 
the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be 
available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and 
reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available 
to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets 
are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has 
become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred 
tax asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the 
period when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that 
have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally 
enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax 
assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority 
on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle 
current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities 
simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or 
assets are expected to be settled or recovered.
Government grants
Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that 
the grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant 
relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods 
that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.
Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and 
is released to the statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by 
equal annual instalments or deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and released to the 
statement of profit or loss by way of a reduced depreciation charge.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 133 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
132
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Revenue recognition
Revenue from contracts with customers
Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods is transferred to the 
customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled 
in exchange for those goods.
(a) Sale of goods
Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset 
is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of goods.
Other income
Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by 
applying the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life 
of the financial instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of 
the financial asset.
Contract liabilities
A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever 
is earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract 
liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers 
control of the related goods or services to the customer).
Other employee benefits
Pension scheme
The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Chinese mainland are required 
to participate in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. The 
Group is required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the central pension 
scheme. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance 
with the rules of the central pension scheme.
Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying 
assets, i.e., assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their 
intended use or sale, are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of 
such borrowing costs ceases when the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or 
sale. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing 
costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of 
funds.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 134 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
133
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Dividends
Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a 
general meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. 
Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s 
memorandum and articles of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim 
dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are recognised immediately as a liability when they 
are proposed and declared.
Foreign currencies
The Company’s functional currency is the Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”), while these financial 
statements are presented in RMB, since the Group’s operations are mainly located in 
the Chinese mainland, and its transactions, monetary assets and liabilities are primarily 
denominated in RMB. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items 
included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. 
Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are initially recorded using 
their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary 
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency 
rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or 
translation of monetary items are recognised in profit or loss.
Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are 
translated using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary 
items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at 
the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-
monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on 
change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or 
loss is recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other 
comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).
In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income 
on the derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance 
consideration, the date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises 
the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there 
are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for 
each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.
The functional currencies of the Company and certain overseas subsidiaries are currencies other 
than the RMB. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities 
are translated into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period and 
their statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income are translated into RMB at the 
exchange rates that approximate to those prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and 
accumulated in the exchange fluctuation reserve, except to the extent that the differences 
are attributable to non-controlling interests. On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative 
amount in the reserve relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 135 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
134
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Foreign currencies (Continued)
For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of non-PRC 
established entities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash 
flows. Frequently recurring cash flows of non-PRC established entities which arise throughout 
the year are translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.
3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, 
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets 
and liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. 
Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require 
a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.
Estimation uncertainty
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at 
the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to 
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.
Net realisable value of inventories
Net realisable value of inventories is the estimated selling price less any estimated costs to 
be incurred to completion and disposal. These estimates are based on the current market 
condition and the historical experience of selling products of a similar nature. It could change 
significantly as a result of changes in customer taste or competitor actions in response to severe 
consumer product industry cycles. Management reassesses these estimates at each reporting 
date. The carrying amount of inventories at 31 December 2025 was RMB41,708,000 (2024: 
RMB50,755,000).
Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables
The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates 
are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss 
patterns.
The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The 
Group will calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking 
information. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and 
changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.
The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic 
conditions and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in 
circumstances and forecast economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience 
and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of customer’s actual default 
in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade receivables is disclosed in 
note 19 to the financial statements.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 136 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
135
3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES 
(Continued)
Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
Impairment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)
The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets 
(including the right-of-use assets) at the end of each reporting period. Non-financial assets 
are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be 
recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or a cash-generating unit 
exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and 
its value in use. The calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data 
from binding sales transactions in an arm’s length transaction of similar assets or observable 
market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the asset. When value in use calculations 
are undertaken, management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the asset or 
cash-generating unit and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value 
of those cash flows. The carrying amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, 
other intangible assets and an investment in an associate at 31 December 2025 in aggregate 
was RMB206,249,000 (2024: RMB304,032,000).
Deferred tax assets
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences and unused tax 
losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the 
losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement is required to determine the amount 
of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and level of future 
taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies. The carrying value of deferred tax 
assets was RMB513,000 as at 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB2,936,000) (note 17).
Leases — Estimating the incremental borrowing rate
The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an 
incremental borrowing rate (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that 
the Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds 
necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic 
environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the Group “would have to pay”, which requires 
estimation when no observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into 
financing transactions) or when it needs to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of 
the lease (for example, when leases are not in the subsidiary’s functional currency). The Group 
estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is 
required to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the subsidiary’s stand-alone credit 
rating).
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 137 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
136
4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
The Group’s principal business is the distribution of food ingredients and food additives. For 
management purposes, the Group operates in one business unit based on its products, and has 
one reportable segment which is the distribution of food ingredients and food additives.
Information about geographical area
Since over 95% of the Group’s revenue was generated from the distribution of food ingredients 
and food additives in the Chinese mainland and about 95% of the Group’s identifiable non-
current assets were located in the Chinese mainland, no geographical information is presented 
in accordance with HKFRS 8 Operating Segments.
Information about a major customer
Revenue from continuing operations of approximately RMB59,231,000 (2024: RMB52,791,000) 
was derived from sales to a single customer, including sales to a group of entities which are 
known to be under common control with that customer.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 138 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
137
5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
An analysis of revenue is as follows:
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Revenue from contracts with customers 651,482 661,645  
Revenue from contracts with customers
(a) Disaggregated revenue information
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Types of goods
Sale of food ingredients 379,074 347,126
Sale of food additives 272,408 314,519  
Total revenue from contracts with customers 651,482 661,645  
Timing of revenue recognition
Goods transferred at a point in time 651,482 661,645  
The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting 
period that were included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Revenue recognised that was included in contract 
liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:
Sale of goods 1,141 1,713  
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 139 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
138
5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)
Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
(b) Performance obligations
Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:
Sale of goods
The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the goods and payment is generally 
due within 30 to 90 days from delivery, except for new customers, where payment in 
advance is normally required. The performance obligation is part of a contract that has an 
original expected duration of one year or less. Applying the practical expedient in HKFRS 
15, information about the remaining performance obligations is not disclosed.
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Other income
Interest income 580 1,500  
Gains
Government grants* — 459
Gain on deemed disposal of an associate 16,288 —
Fair value changes of financial investments  
at fair value through profit or loss 9,563 —
Others 306 148  
26,157 607  
Total other income and gains 26,737 2,107  
* These government grants are related to the subsidies received from the local government as industrial 
development incentives. There were no unfulfilled conditions and other contingencies attaching to 
government grants that had been recognised.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 140 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
139
6. PROFIT BEFORE TAX
The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):
2025 2024
Notes RMB’000 RMB’000    
Cost of inventories sold 530,577 536,026
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 13 232 254
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 14(a) 1,277 2,762
Amortisation of other intangible assets 1 59
Lease payments not included in the measurement 
of lease liabilities 14(c) 1,669 1,694
Research and development costs:
Current year expenditure 2,453 3,334  
Total 536,209 544,129  
Employee benefit expenses (including directors’  
and chief executive’s remuneration as set out  
in note 8):
Wages and salaries 35,670 33,565
Pension scheme contributions 7,903 6,538
Other welfare 808 883
Auditor’s remuneration 1,257 1,349
Travel expenses 3,144 2,181
Foreign exchange differences, net 658 3,094
Impairment on financial assets 19 137 67
Write-down of inventories to net realisable value 281 507
Bank interest income 5 (580) (1,500)
Gain on deemed disposal of an associate 5 (16,288) —
Fair value changes of financial investments at fair 
value through profit or loss 5 (9,563) —
Gain on termination of a lease 14(c) — (14)  
7. FINANCE COSTS
An analysis of finance costs is as follows:
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Interest on bank borrowings 2,523 2,174
Interest on lease liabilities (note 14(b)) 66 128  
Total interest expense on financial liabilities  
not at fair value through profit or loss 2,589 2,302
Less: Interest capitalised (2,146) (1,625)  
Total 443 677  
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 141 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
140
8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing 
Rules section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of 
the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Fees 539 539
Other emoluments:
Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind 3,235 3,068
Performance related bonuses 71 147
Pension scheme contributions 271 211  
Subtotal 3,577 3,426  
Total fees and other emoluments 4,116 3,965  
(a) Independent non-executive directors
The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Mr. Tan Wee Seng 247 247
Mr. Chan Ka Kit 192 192
Mr. Meng Yuecheng 100 100  
Total 539 539  
There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during 
the year (2024: Nil).
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 142 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
141
8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)
(b) Two executive directors and the chief executive
Salaries 
allowances 
and benefits 
in kind
Performance 
related 
bonuses
Pension 
scheme 
contributions
Total 
remuneration
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000     
2025
Executive directors:
Mr. Huang Haixiao 1,646 — 33 1,679
Mr. Dai Yihui 762 71 146 979    
Subtotal 2,408 71 179 2,658    
Chief executive:
Ms. Huang Xinrong 827 — 92 919    
Total 3,235 71 271 3,577    
2024
Executive directors:
Mr. Huang Haixiao 1,649 — 33 1,682
Mr. Dai Yihui 759 147 145 1,051    
Subtotal 2,408 147 178 2,733    
Chief executive:
Ms. Huang Xinrong 660 — 33 693    
Total 3,068 147 211 3,426    
There were no arrangements under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed 
to waive any remuneration during the year.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 143 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
142
9. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
The five highest paid employees during the year included one director (2024: two directors), 
details of whose remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration for the 
year of the remaining four (2024: three) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor a 
chief executive of the Company are as follows:
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind 3,254 2,423
Performance related bonuses 1,354 1,890
Pension scheme contributions 456 450  
Total 5,064 4,763  
The number of non-director and non-chief executive, highest paid employees whose 
remuneration fell within the following bands is as follows:
Number of employees
2025 2024   
HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000 3 2
HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000 1 1  
Total 4 3  
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 144 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
143
10. INCOME TAX
Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) on the estimated 
assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during the year, except for one subsidiary of the Group 
which is a qualifying entity under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The first HK$2,000,000 
(2024: HK$2,000,000) of assessable profits of this subsidiary are taxed at 8.25% (2024: 8.25%) 
and the remaining assessable profits are taxed at 16.5% (2024: 16.5%). Taxes on profits 
assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the jurisdictions in 
which the Group operates.
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Current –– Hong Kong
Charge for the year 1,198 920
Underprovision/(overprovision) in prior years 154 (3)
Current –– Chinese mainland
Charge for the year 13,345 16,045
Underprovision in prior years 224 13
Deferred (note 17) 9,136 835  
Total tax charge for the year 24,057 17,810  
Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and BVI, the Company and certain 
of its subsidiaries are not subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands and BVI.
The provision for current income tax in the Chinese mainland is based on a statutory rate of 25% 
of the assessable profits of subsidiaries of the Group as determined in accordance with the PRC 
Corporate Income Tax Law.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 145 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
144
10. INCOME TAX (Continued)
A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rate for the 
jurisdiction in which the majority of the Company’s subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax expense 
at the effective tax rate, and a reconciliation of the applicable rate to the effective tax rate, are as 
follows:
2025 2024
RMB’000 % RMB’000 %     
Profit before tax 81,673 61,496
Tax at the statutory tax rate 20,418 25.0 15,374 25.0
Lower tax rates for specific provinces or  
enacted by local authority 318 0.4 169 0.3
Adjustments in respect of current tax of  
previous periods 378 0.5 10 —
Profits and losses attributable to an associate (163) (0.2) (633) (1.0)
Tax effect of non-deductible expenses 6 — 541 0.9
Effect of withholding tax on the distributable 
profits of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries 2,221 2.7 1,258 2.0
Tax losses utilised from previous periods — — (175) (0.3)
Tax losses not recognised 879 1.1 1,266 2.1    
Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate 24,057 29.5 17,810 29.0    
The share of tax attributable to an associate amounting to RMB14,000 (2024: RMB472,000) is 
included in “Share of profit of an associate” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
11. DIVIDENDS
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Proposed final — HK$0.015 (approximately RMB0.0135)  
per ordinary share 9,213 14,168  
The proposed final dividend for the year is subject to the approval of the Company’s 
shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting.
On 16 May 2025, the directors proposed to declare the final dividend of HK$0.022 
(approximately RMB0.020) per ordinary share, amounting to RMB14,099,000 for the year ended 
31 December 2024.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 146 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
145
12. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY 
HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year 
attributable to owners of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 
680,000,000 (2024: 680,000,000) outstanding during the year.
The Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares outstanding during the years ended 31 
December 2025 and 2024.
The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Earnings
Profit attributable to owners of the parent, used in the basic 
and diluted earnings per share calculations 57,616 43,686  
Number of shares
2025 2024   
Shares
Weighted average number of ordinary shares  
outstanding during the year used in the basic and  
diluted earnings per share calculation 680,000,000 680,000,000  
Basic and diluted earnings per share (RMB) 0.08 0.06  
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 147 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
146
13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Machinery
Motor 
vehicles
Office 
equipment
Construction 
in progress Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000      
31 December 2025
At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025:
Cost 741 1,414 3,045 163,498 168,698
Accumulated depreciation (706) (1,338) (2,837) — (4,881)     
Net carrying amount 35 76 208 163,498 163,817     
At 1 January 2025,  
net of accumulated depreciation 35 76 208 163,498 163,817
Additions 66 666 572 9,159 10,463
Disposals — (22) (12) — (34)
Depreciation provided during the year (49) (70) (113) — (232)
Exchange realignment — 1 — — 1     
At 31 December 2025,  
net of accumulated depreciation 52 651 655 172,657 174,015     
At 31 December 2025:
Cost 807 2,080 3,617 172,657 179,161
Accumulated depreciation (755) (1,429) (2,962) — (5,146)     
Net carrying amount 52 651 655 172,657 174,015     
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 148 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
147
13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
Machinery
Motor 
vehicles
Office 
equipment
Construction 
in progress Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000      
31 December 2024
At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024:
Cost 817 1,422 3,062 85,768 91,069
Accumulated depreciation (698) (1,283) (2,861) — (4,842)     
Net carrying amount 119 139 201 85,768 86,227     
At 1 January 2024,  
net of accumulated depreciation 119 139 201 85,768 86,227
Additions 15 — 105 77,730 77,850
Disposals (4) — — — (4)
Depreciation provided during the year (94) (62) (98) — (254)
Exchange realignment (1) (1) — — (2)     
At 31 December 2024,  
net of accumulated depreciation 35 76 208 163,498 163,817     
At 31 December 2024:
Cost 741 1,414 3,045 163,498 168,698
Accumulated depreciation (706) (1,338) (2,837) — (4,881)     
Net carrying amount 35 76 208 163,498 163,817     
At 31 December 2025, certain of the Group’s construction in progress with a net carrying 
amount of approximately RMB172,657,000 was pledged to secure certain bank loans granted to 
the Group (2024: RMB163,498,000) (note 25).
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 149 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
148
14. LEASES
The Group has lease contracts of leasehold land, offices and warehouses. Lump sum payments 
were made upfront to acquire the leasehold land from the owners with lease periods of 50 years, 
and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of the land leases. Leases of office and 
warehouses generally have lease terms between 2 and 4 years (2024: 2 and 4 years). Generally, 
the Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets outside the Group.
(a) Right-of-use assets
The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year 
are as follows:
Leasehold 
land
Office and 
warehouse Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000    
As at 1 January 2024 31,397 3,898 35,295
Additions — 3,732 3,732
Depreciation charged to  
profit or loss (note 6) — (2,762) (2,762)
Depreciation capitalised to 
construction in progress (647) — (647)
Termination of a lease — (2,041) (2,041)   
As at 31 December 2024 and  
1 January 2025 30,750 2,827 33,577
Additions — 572 572
Depreciation charged to  
profit or loss (note 6) — (1,277) (1,277)
Depreciation capitalised to 
construction in progress (647) — (647)   
As at 31 December 2025 30,103 2,122 32,225   
At 31 December 2025, certain of the Group’s leasehold land with a net carrying amount of 
approximately RMB30,103,000 was pledged to secure certain bank loans granted to the 
Group (2024: RMB30,750,000) (note 25).
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 150 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
149
14. LEASES (Continued)
(b) Lease liabilities
The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Carrying amount at the beginning of the year 2,878 3,610
New leases 572 3,732
Accretion of interest recognised during the year 66 128
Payments (1,358) (2,537)
Termination of a lease — (2,055)  
Carrying amount at the end of the year 2,158 2,878  
Analysed into:
Current portion 1,154 1,258
In the second year 823 990
In the third to fifth years, inclusive 181 630  
Total 2,158 2,878  
(c) The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Interest on lease liabilities 66 128
Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets 1,277 2,762
Expense relating to short-term leases  
(included in selling and distribution expenses  
and administrative expenses) 1,669 1,694
Gain on termination of a lease — (14)  
Total amount recognised in profit or loss 3,012 4,570  
(d) The total cash outflow for leases, future cash outflows relating to leases that have not yet 
commenced and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are disclosed in notes 29, 32 and 
34, respectively, to the financial statements.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 151 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
150
15. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Share of net assets — 106,628  
Movements in share of net assets is as follows:
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
At 1 January 106,628 104,232
Dividend — (309)
Share of profit of an associate 651 2,532
Share of other changes in equity of an associate — 173
Gains on deemed disposal of an associate 15,909 —
Transfer to financial assets at fair value through  
profit or loss (123,188) —  
At 31 December — 106,628  
At 31 December 2024, the Group held 28,125,200 shares, representing approximately 8.59% 
equity interest in Tianye Innovation Company (“Tianye”). The board of directors of Tianye has 
five members which includes the chairman of the Company as at 31 December 2024. Therefore, 
the Group considered that it has significant influence on Tianye as it holds 20% of the voting 
rights in Tianye and it has the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions 
of Tianye. The Group’s interest in Tianye is accounted for using the equity method in the 
consolidated financial statements.
On 3 September 2025, Mr. Huang Haixiao, the controlling shareholder and chairman of the 
Company, ceased to be a director of Tianye. As a result of the Group’s loss of representation on 
the board of directors of Tianye and given the Group’s shareholding in Tianye has always been 
insignificant (i.e. less than 10%), the Company is of the view that the Group no longer has the 
ability to exercise significant influence over Tianye. Thus, Tianye ceased to be accounted for as 
an associate of the Group. Since the Group’s purpose of the investment in Tianye is holding for 
sale, henceforth the Group’s investment in Tianye is accounted for as “Financial Assets at fair 
value through profit and loss”.
Tianye principally engages in planting, processing and sales of agricultural food including 
tropical fruits. Tianye was listed on the Beijing Stock Exchange Co. Ltd. (“BSE”) in the PRC 
on 2 February 2023. As at the reclassification date, the market price per share of Tianye was 
RMB4.38.
* In note 15 “Investment in an associate” in the 2023 and 2024 annual reports, the reference to the “chief executive 
officer” of the Company should have been referred to the “chairman” of the Company.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 152 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
151
15. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE (Continued)
The following table illustrates the summarised unaudited financial information of the Group’s 
investment:
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Total assets — 1,594,918
Total liabilities — (381,100)  
Net assets — 1,213,818  
Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in the associate:
Proportion of the Group’s ownership 8.59% 8.59%
Group’s share of net assets of the associate — 104,267
Carrying amount of the investment — 106,628  
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Revenue for the period from 1 January 2025 to  
3 September 2025 (date of loss of  
significant influence)/for the year 407,066 494,901
Profit for the period from 1 January 2025 to 3 September 
2025 (date of loss of significant influence)/for the year 26,395 28,585
Dividend received for the period from 1 January 2025 to  
3 September 2025 (date of loss of  
significant influence)/for the year — 309  
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 153 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
152
16. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED DEPOSITS
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Cash and bank balances 236,385 232,971  
Less:  Pledged deposits (19,566) (17,796)
Non-pledged time deposit with original maturity of  
more than one year when acquired (30,000) (30,000)  
Cash and cash equivalents 186,819 185,175  
Denominated in:
RMB 164,119 176,402
HK$ 2,655 1,289
US$ 12,402 4,566
Vietnam dollars (“VND”) 4,117 2,009
Thailand Baht (“THB”) 3,526 909  
The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under the Chinese mainland’s 
Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of 
Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies 
through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.
Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Long term time 
deposit is made for three year when acquired, and earn interest at the respective long term time 
deposit rate. The bank balances are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of 
default. Pledged deposits of approximately RMB16,750,000 (2024: RMB16,540,000) have been 
pledged to secure letters of credit granted to the Group, and of approximately RMB2,816,000 
(2024: RMB1,256,000) have been pledged to the local government for timely development of 
leasehold land.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 154 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
153
17. DEFERRED TAX
The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:
Deferred tax liabilities
2025 
Fair value 
adjustments of 
reclassification 
on financial 
instruments
Gain on fair 
value change 
of financial 
assets 
at fair value 
through 
profit or loss
Right-of-use 
assets
Withholding 
taxes Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000      
At 31 December 2024 — — 707 1,250 1,957
Deferred tax charged/(credited) 
to the statement of profit or loss 
during the year (note 10) 2,391 4,072 (176) 250 6,537     
Gross deferred tax liabilities at  
31 December 2025 2,391 4,072 531 1,500 8,494     
Deferred tax assets
2025 
Lease 
liabilities
Impairment 
of receivables
Provision for 
inventories
Losses 
available 
for offsetting 
against future 
taxable profits
Unrealised 
internal 
sales profit Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000       
At 31 December 2024 719 2,898 12 — 14 3,643
Deferred tax (charged)/credited 
to profit or loss during the year 
(note 10) (175) (2,659) 25 — 210 (2,599)      
Gross deferred tax assets at  
31 December 2025 544 239 37 — 224 1,044      
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 155 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
154
17. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)
Deferred tax liabilities
2024 
Right-of-use 
assets
Withholding 
taxes Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000    
At 31 December 2023 975 1,000 1,975
Deferred tax charged/(credited) to the 
statement of profit or loss during  
the year (note 10) (268) 250 (18)   
Gross deferred tax liabilities at  
31 December 2024 707 1,250 1,957   
Deferred tax assets
2024 
Lease 
liabilities
Impairment 
of receivables
Provision 
for inventories
Losses 
available 
for offsetting 
against future 
taxable profits
Unrealised 
internal 
sales profit Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000       
At 31 December 2023 916 2,896 206 385 93 4,496
Deferred tax (charged)/credited 
to profit or loss during the year 
(note 10) (197) 2 (194) (385) (79) (853)      
Gross deferred tax assets at  
31 December 2024 719 2,898 12 — 14 3,643      
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 156 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
155
17. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)
Deferred tax assets (Continued)
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are presented at the net amount after offsetting:
2025 2024
Offset 
amount
Balance after 
offsetting
Offset 
amount
Balance after 
offsetting     
Deferred tax assets 531 513 707 2,936
Deferred tax liabilities 531 7,963 707 1,250    
The Group had unused tax losses available for offsetting against future profits in respect of 
certain subsidiaries of RMB31,147,000 as at 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB26,854,000), 
for which no deferred tax assets have been recognised. No deferred tax assets have been 
recognised in respect of these losses because it is uncertain that there are future available 
taxable profits of these subsidiaries to utilise the tax losses.
Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends 
declared to foreign investors from the foreign investment enterprises established in the Chinese 
mainland. The requirement is effective from 1 January 2008 and applies to earnings after 31 
December 2007. A lower withholding tax rate may be applied if there is a tax treaty between the 
Chinese mainland and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors. The Group is therefore liable for 
withholding taxes on dividends distributable by those subsidiaries established in the Chinese 
mainland in respect of earnings generated from 1 January 2008. Under the current organisation 
and operation structure, the Group’s applicable rate is 5%.
At of 31 December 2025, deferred tax liability, approximately RMB1,500,000 (2024: 
RMB1,250,000), has been recognised for withholding taxes that would be payable on unremitted 
earnings that are subject to withholding taxes of the Group’s subsidiaries established in the 
Chinese mainland. This assessment is based on management’s representation regarding the 
amount of dividends to be distributed outside the Chinese mainland in the current year.
The aggregate amounts of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries 
in the Chinese mainland for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised were 
approximately RMB226,347,000 as at 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB217,947,000), respectively.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 157 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
156
18. INVENTORIES
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Food ingredients 17,701 21,884
Food additives 24,382 29,120  
42,083 51,004
Provision for inventories (375) (249)  
Total 41,708 50,755  
19. TRADE RECEIVABLES
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Trade receivables 88,650 113,373
Impairment (1,272) (11,811)  
Trade receivables, net 87,378 101,562  
The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables to minimise 
credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. In view of the 
aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to various diversified 
customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any 
collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables 
are non-interest-bearing.
An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the 
invoice date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Within 3 months 86,693 99,558
3 to 6 months 685 2,004  
Total 87,378 101,562  
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 158 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
157
19. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)
The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
At beginning of year 11,811 11,751
Impairment losses (note 6) 137 67
Write-off* (10,661) —
Exchange realignment (15) (7)  
At end of year 1,272 11,811  
* The written-off amount was due from a single customer which was adjudged to be bankrupt.
Set out below is the information about the classification of expected credit loss provision by 
method:
As at 31 December 2025
Gross carrying amount Expected credit losses
Carrying 
amount   
Amount Percentage Amount Percentage
RMB’000 (%) RMB’000 (%) RMB’000      
Recognition of expected credit 
losses by group with credit risk 
characteristics 88,650 100.00 1,272 1.43 87,378     
Total 88,650 100.00 1,272 1.43 87,378     
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 159 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
158
19. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)
As at 31 December 2024
Gross carrying amount Expected credit losses
Carrying 
amount   
Amount Percentage Amount Percentage
RMB’000 (%) RMB’000 (%) RMB’000      
Standalone expected credit losses 
provision* 10,622 9.37 10,622 100.00 —
Recognition of expected credit 
losses by group with credit risk 
characteristics 102,751 90.63 1,189 1.16 101,562     
Total 113,373 100.00 11,811 10.42 101,562     
* Specific trade receivables were assessed individually which were considered in default based on indicators.
Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables 
based on credit risk characteristics:
As at 31 December 2025
Less than 
3 months
3 to 
6 months
6 to 
12 months
Over 
12 months Total      
Expected credit loss rate 1.35% 11.38% — 100.00% 1.43%
Gross carrying amount (RMB’000) 87,877 773 — — 88,650
Expected credit losses (RMB’000) 1,184 88 — — 1,272
As at 31 December 2024
Less than 
3 months
3 to 
6 months
6 to 
12 months
Over 
12 months Total      
Expected credit loss rate 1.01% 8.07% — 100.00% 1.16%
Gross carrying amount (RMB’000) 100,571 2,180 — — 102,751
Expected credit losses (RMB’000) 1,013 176 — — 1,189
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 160 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
159
20. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Current
Prepayments 13,744 12,085
Deposits and other receivables 2,792 2,030  
Total — current 16,536 14,115  
Non-current
Prepayments for property, plant and equipment 943 —  
Total — non-current 943 —  
Total 17,479 14,115  
None of the above financial assets is either past due or impaired. The financial assets included 
in the above balances relate to receivables for which there was no recent history of default. As at 
31 December 2025 and 2024, the loss allowance was assessed to be minimal.
21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
a) Related parties
Related parties for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2025 were as follows:
Name Relationship  
Shanghai Hi-Road Food Technology Co., Ltd. Controlled by the Controlling Shareholder
Zhejiang Teaheals Bio-technology Co., Ltd. Controlled by the Controlling Shareholder
Shanghai Taoyuan Information  
Technology Co., Ltd. Controlled by the Controlling Shareholder
Tianye Associates of the Group
Hubei Tianye Nonggu Biotechnology Co., Ltd. Associates of the Group
Hainan Dachuan Food Co., Ltd. Associates of the Group
Panzhihua Tianye Innovation Agricultural 
Technology Co., Ltd Associates of the Group
Mr. Huang Haixiao Controlling Shareholder
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 161 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
160
21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
b) Related party transactions
The Group had the following transactions with related parties during the year:
2025 2024
Notes RMB’000 RMB’000    
Sales of products:
Shanghai Hi-Road Food Technology Co., Ltd. (i) 18,941 23,381
Tianye Innovation Company (i) — 425
Zhejiang Teaheals Bio-technology Co., Ltd. (i) 25 8  
Total 18,966 23,814  
Purchase of goods:
Shanghai Hi-Road Food Technology Co., Ltd. (ii) 5,803 4,506
Zhejiang Teaheals Bio-technology Co., Ltd. (ii) 23,897 25,304
Tianye* (ii) 15,093 3,944  
Total 44,793 33,754  
Rental expenses:
Shanghai Hi-Road Food Technology Co., Ltd. (iii) 326 217
Mr. Huang Haixiao (iv) 640 640  
Total 966 857  
Services purchased:
Shanghai Taoyuan Information Technology 
Co., Ltd. (v) — 267  
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 162 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
161
21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
b) Related party transactions (Continued)
(i) The sales to the related parties were made according to the published prices and conditions offered to the 
major customers of the Group.
(ii) The purchases from the related parties were made according to the published prices and conditions offered 
by the related parties to their major customers.
(iii) The Group rented the office building located in No. 666, Jindou Road, Shanghai with a total building area 
of 369.87 square meters at a monthly rental fee of RMB13,418 for the period from 1 January 2024 to 31 
December 2026 from Shanghai Hi-Road Food Technology Co., Ltd.
The Group rented the office located in Floor 18, Room C03, No. 197, North Guangzhou Avenue, Guangzhou 
with a total building area of 246.72 square meters at a monthly rental fee of RMB13,761 for the period from 1 
March 2024 to 28 February 2026 from Shanghai Hi-Road Food Technology Co., Ltd.
(iv) The Group rented the office building located in Floor 25, No. 1, Lane 1040, Caoyang Road, Shanghai with a 
total building area of 584.26 square meters at monthly rental fees of RMB53,314 with lease periods from 1 
January 2024 to 31 December 2026, from Mr. Huang Haixiao.
(v) The fees were paid for online trading services provided by Shanghai Taoyuan Information Technology Co., 
Ltd.
* Since 4 September, 2025, Tianye is no longer a related party of the Group. Accordingly, the disclosed 
amounts above represent the transactions with the group for the period from 1 January, 2025 to 3 September 
2025.
c) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Short term employee benefits 6,501 6,888
Post-employment benefits 582 516  
Total 7,083 7,404  
Further details of directors’ and the chief executive’s emoluments are included in note 8 to 
the financial statement.
d) As disclosed in note 25, the Group’s interest-bearing bank borrowings of RMB97,134,000 
(31 December 2024: RMB73,717,000) were guaranteed by Mr. Huang Haixiao at no cost.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 163 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
162
21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
e) Outstanding balances with related parties
The Group had the following significant balances with its related parties at the end of the 
year:
2025
Maximum 
amount 
outstanding 
during 
the year 2024
Maximum 
amount 
outstanding 
during the 
prior year 2023
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000      
(i) Due from related parties
Shanghai Hi-Road Food 
Technology Co., Ltd. 1,219 2,904 1,032 3,055 1,658
Zhejiang Teaheals  
Bio-technology Co., Ltd. — 15 — 7 1
Tianye — — 119 2,449 2,412
Mr. Huang Haixiao — — — 135 —
Shanghai Taoyuan Information 
Technology Co., Ltd — — — 5,060 1,101     
1,219 2,919 1,151 10,706 5,172     
The amounts due from related parties were mainly trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free 
and repayable within one year, and were caused by the transactions disclosed in note 21(b) 
to the financial statements.
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
(ii) Due to related parties
Zhejiang Teaheals Bio-technology Co., Ltd. 3,817 4,411
Shanghai Hi-Road Food Technology Co., Ltd. 1,338 691
Tianye* — 392  
Total 5,155 5,494  
* Since 4 September, 2025, Tianye is no longer a related party of the Group. As at 31 December 2025, 
the Group has an amount due to Tianye of RMB1,950,736 was classified as trade payables, which is 
interest-free, unsecured and repayable on demands.
The amounts due to related parties were mainly trade in nature, unsecured, interest-
free, aged within one year and had no fixed terms of repayments, and arose from the 
transactions disclosed in note 21(b) to the financial statements.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 164 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
163
22. FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR 
LOSS
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Listed investment, at fair value 132,751 —  
Upon the derecognition of an associate, the equity investment was classified as financial assets 
at fair value through profit or loss as the Group has not elected to recognise the fair value gain 
or loss through other comprehensive income.
23. TRADE PAYABLES
An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of reporting period, based on the 
transaction date, is as follows:
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Within 3 months 28,039 28,988  
The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on terms of 7 to 90 days.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 165 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
164
24. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
2025 2024
Notes RMB’000 RMB’000    
Current
Contract liabilities (a) 3,119 1,141
Payroll and welfare payable 7,308 8,749
Logistics related expenses 1,925 2,387
Other tax payables 2,158 2,294
Other payables (b) 19,569 54,386
Accruals 665 1,084  
Total — current 34,744 70,041  
Non-current
Guarantee payables (c) 4,075 —  
Total — non-current 4,075 —  
Total 38,819 70,041  
Notes:
(a) Details of contract liabilities are as follows:
31 December 
2025
31 December 
2024
1 January 
2024
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000    
Advances received from customers 3,119 1,141 1,713   
Contract liabilities of the Group mainly arose from advance payments made by customers while the goods have 
not been provided. All contract liabilities carried forward at the beginning of the year were usually recognised as 
revenue in the next 12 months.
(b) Other payables and accruals are non-interest-bearing, unsecured and repayable on demands
(c) Guarantee payables represent the retention money payable under the contract, which is settled after the project 
quality remains satisfactory for a period of more than two or three years.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 166 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
165
25. INTEREST-BEARING BANK BORROWINGS
2025 2024  
Effective 
interest 
rate Maturity
Effective 
interest 
rate Maturity
(%) RMB’000 (%) RMB’000       
Current
Bank loans — unsecured — — — 2.7 2025 20,000
Bank loans — secured 2.9 2026 16,189 2.9 2025 11,960  
Non-current
Bank loans — secured 2.9 2026–2031 80,945 2.9 2026–2031 61,757  
Total 97,134 93,717  
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Analysed into:
Bank loans repayable:
Within one year 16,189 31,960
In the second year 16,189 11,960
In the third to fifth years, inclusive 64,756 49,797  
Total 97,134 93,717  
Notes:
(a) Certain of the Group’s interest-bearing bank loans were secured by mortgages over the Group’s construction 
in progress and leasehold land, which had an aggregated net carrying value of RMB202,760,000 (2024: 
RMB194,248,000) (notes 13 and 14).
(b) The bank borrowings are also guaranteed by a director at no cost. The guarantee amounts provided by the 
director as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:
2025 2024
Bank loans RMB’000 RMB’000   
Mr. Huang Haixiao 97,134 73,717  
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 167 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
166
26. DEFERRED INCOME
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Government grants 1,200 —  
The movements in deferred income as at 31 December 2024 and 2025 are as follows:
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
At beginning of year — —
Government received in the year 1,200 —  
At the end of year 1,200 —  
27. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had no significant contingent liabilities (2024: Nil).
28. PLEDGE OF ASSETS
Details of the Group’s pledge of assets are included in notes 13, 14, 16 and 25 to the financial 
statements.
29. COMMITMENTS
(a) The Group had the following contractual commitments at the end of the 
reporting period:
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Contracted, but not provided for:
Buildings 10,541 6,429  
(b) As of 31 December 2025, the Group’s future aggregate minimum lease payments under 
non-cancellable short-term leases arrangements were RMB108,000 and due in one year. 
(2024: RMB305,000).
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 168 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
167
30. SHARE CAPITAL
Shares
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Authorised:
2,000,000,000 shares of HK$0.01 each 16,708 16,708  
Issued and fully paid:
680,000,000 shares of HK$0.01 each 5,681 5,681  
A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:
Number 
of shares Share capital
RMB’000   
At 31 December 2024, at 1 January 2025 and  
31 December 2025 680,000,000 5,681  
31. RESERVES
The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years 
are presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on pages 10 to 11 of the 
financial statements.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 169 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
168
32. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
(a) Major non-cash transactions
During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease 
liabilities of RMB572,000 (2024: RMB3,732,000) and RMB572,000 (2024: RMB3,732,000), 
respectively, in respect of lease arrangements for office and warehouses.
(b) Changes in liabilities arising from financial activities
2025
Interest-
bearing bank 
borrowings
Lease 
liabilities Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000    
At 1 January 2025 93,717 2,878 96,595
Changes from financing cash flows 3,417 (1,292) 2,125
New leases — 572 572
Interest expense — 66 66
Interest paid classified as operating  
cash flows — (66) (66)   
At 31 December 2025 97,134 2,158 99,292   
2024
Interest-
bearing bank 
borrowings
Lease 
liabilities Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000    
At 1 January 2024 44,708 3,610 48,318
Changes from financing cash flows 49,009 (2,409) 46,600
New leases — 3,732 3,732
Termination of a lease — (2,055) (2,055)
Interest expense — 128 128
Interest paid classified as operating  
cash flows — (128) (128)   
At 31 December 2024 93,717 2,878 96,595   
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 170 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
169
32. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
(Continued)
(c) Total cash outflow for leases
The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Within operating activities 1,735 1,822
Within financing activities 1,292 2,409  
Total 3,027 4,231  
33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the year 
are as follows:
Financial assets at amortised cost
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Trade receivables 87,378 101,562
Financial assets included in prepayments,  
other receivables and other assets 643 525
Amounts due from related parties 1,219 1,151
Pledged deposits 19,566 17,796
Time deposits 30,000 30,000
Cash and cash equivalents 186,819 185,175  
Total 325,625 336,209  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 132,751 —  
Total 132,751 —  
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 171 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
170
33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)
Financial liabilities at amortised cost
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Trade payables 28,039 28,988
Financial liabilities included in other payables  
and accruals 26,234 57,857
Amounts due to related parties 5,155 5,494
Interest-bearing bank borrowings 97,134 93,717
Lease liabilities 2,158 2,878  
Total 158,720 188,934  
34. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL 
INSTRUMENTS
Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, 
trade receivables, financial assets included in the current portion of interest-bearing bank 
borrowings, trade payables and financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals 
approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these 
instruments.
The Group’s finance centre is responsible for determining the policies and procedures for the 
fair value management of financial instruments. The finance centre reports directly to the chief 
financial officer and the board of directors. At each reporting date, the finance centre analyses 
the movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in 
the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer. The valuation 
process and results are discussed with the board of directors for annual financial reporting.
The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the 
instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a 
forced or liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair 
values.
The fair value of the non-current portion of Interest-bearing bank borrowings has been 
calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for 
instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. Its fair value approximates to 
its carrying amount.
The fair values of listed equity investments are based on quoted market prices.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 172 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
171
34. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL 
INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
Fair value hierarchy
The following table illustrates the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial 
instruments:
Assets measured at fair value
Fair value measurement using 
Quoted 
prices 
in active 
markets 
(Level 1)
Significant 
observable 
inputs 
(Level 2)
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs 
(Level 3) Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000     
As at 31 December 2025
Financial investments at fair value  
through profit or loss 132,751 — — 132,751    
35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise trade receivables, trade payables, financial 
assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets and financial liabilities 
included in other payables and accruals, which arise directly from its operations. The Group has 
cash and cash equivalents, time deposits, interest-bearing bank borrowings to raise fund for the 
Group’s operations.
The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign 
currency risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for 
managing each of these risks and they are summarised below.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 173 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
172
35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES 
(Continued)
Interest rate risk
The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the 
Group’s long term debt obligations with a floating interest rate.
The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in interest rates relates primarily to its interest-
bearing bank borrowings. The Group does not use derivative financial instruments to manage its 
interest rate risk. The interest rates and terms of repayments of the borrowings are disclosed in 
note 25 to the financial statements.
The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates 
for variable rate bank loans at the end of the reporting period and assumed that the amount 
of liabilities outstanding at the end of reporting period was outstanding for the whole year. A 
50 basis point increase or decrease is used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key 
management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible 
change in interest rates.
If interest rates had been 50 basis points higher/lower and all other variables were held 
constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year would decrease/increase by RMB418,000 
(2024: RMB276,000).
Foreign currency risk
The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from purchases by 
operating units in currencies other than the units’ functional currencies. For 2025, approximately 
37% (2024: 32%) of costs were denominated in the units’ functional currencies. The Group 
currently has no particular hedging vehicles to hedge its exposure to foreign exchange risk. 
It is the Group’s policy to monitor foreign exchange exposure and to make use of appropriate 
hedging measures when required.
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a 
reasonably possible change in the US$ and HK$ exchange rate, with all other variables held 
constant, of the Group’s profit before tax and the Group’s equity.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 174 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
173
35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES 
(Continued)
Foreign currency risk (Continued)
Increase/ 
(decrease) 
in rate
Increase/ 
(decrease) 
in profit 
before tax
Increase/ 
(decrease) 
in equity
% RMB’000 RMB’000    
2025
If RMB weakens against US$ 5 (234) (234)
If RMB strengthens against US$ (5) 234 234
If HK$ weakens against US$ 5 131 131
If HK$ strengthens against US$ (5) (131) (131)
2024
If RMB weakens against US$ 5 (554) (554)
If RMB strengthens against US$ (5) 554 554
If HK$ weakens against US$ 5 51 51
If HK$ strengthens against US$ (5) (51) (51)
Credit risk
The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties and related parties. It is 
the Group’s policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit 
verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis.
Since cash and bank balances, time deposits, and are placed with the well-established banks 
with high credit ratings, the credit risk of these financial instruments is relatively low.
The credit risk of the Group’s other financial assets, which comprise deposits, other receivables 
and the amounts due from related parties, arises from default of the counterparty, with a 
maximum exposure equal to the carrying amounts of these instruments.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 175 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
174
35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES 
(Continued)
Credit risk (Continued)
Maximum exposure and year-end staging as at 31 December 2025
The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the 
Group’s credit policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is 
available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December. 
The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial asset.
As at 31 December 2025
12-month 
ECLs 
Stage 1
Lifetime ECLs
Simplified 
approach
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Trade receivables* — 88,650
Financial assets included in prepayments,  
other receivables and other assets — normal** 643 —
Amounts due from related parties*** 1,219 —
Pledged deposits 19,566 —
Time deposits 30,000 —
Cash and cash equivalents 186,819 —  
Total 238,247 88,650  
As at 31 December 2024
12-month 
ECLs 
Stage 1
Lifetime ECLs 
Simplified 
approach
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Trade receivables* — 113,373
Financial assets included in prepayments,  
other receivables and other assets — normal** 525 —
Amounts due from related parties*** 1,151 —
Pledged deposits 17,796 —
Time deposits 30,000 —
Cash and cash equivalents 185,175 —  
Total 234,647 113,373  
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 176 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
175
35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES 
(Continued)
Credit risk (Continued)
Maximum exposure and year-end staging as at 31 December 2025 (Continued)
* For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach to measure the loss allowance at an amount 
equal to lifetime ECL. Except for debtors with significant outstanding balances or insignificant balances with 
specific risks, the Group determines the expected credit losses on these items by using a provision matrix (note 
19).
** The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is 
considered to be “normal” when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial 
assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial 
assets is considered to be “doubtful”. 
*** The Group analysed the credit risk related to amounts due from related parties and categorised all the amounts in 
stage 1 at the end of the reporting period as they are not past due and do not have a significant increase in credit 
risk. During the year, the Group estimated the expected credit loss rate for amounts due from related parties was 
minimal.
Liquidity risk
The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This 
tool considers the maturity of both its financial instruments and financial assets (e.g., trade 
receivables) and projected cash flows from operations.
The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based 
on the contractual undiscounted payments, was as follows:
31 December 2025
On 
demand
Less than 
3 months
3 to 12 
months
1 to 5 
years
Over 
5 years Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000       
Interest-bearing bank borrowings, 
current — 8,205 8,207 — — 16,412
Interest-bearing bank borrowings,  
non current — 579 1,125 86,758 — 88,462
Trade payables — 28,039 — — — 28,039
Lease liabilities — 468 745 1,024 — 2,237
Financial liabilities included in  
other payables and accruals — 26,234 — — — 26,234
Amounts due to related parties — 5,155 — — — 5,155      
— 68,680 10,077 87,782 — 166,539      
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 177 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
176
35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES 
(Continued)
Liquidity risk (Continued)
31 December 2024
On demand
Less than 
3 months
3 to 12 
months
1 to 5 
years
Over 
5 years Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000       
Interest-bearing bank borrowings, 
current — 26,107 6,063 — — 32,170
Interest-bearing bank borrowings,  
non current — 442 1,349 66,347 — 68,138
Trade payables — 28,988 — — — 28,988
Lease liabilities — 482 854 1,660 — 2,996
Financial liabilities included in other 
payables and accruals — 57,857 — — — 57,857
Amounts due to related parties — 5,494 — — — 5,494      
— 119,370 8,266 68,007 — 195,643      
Capital management
The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability 
to continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its 
business and maximise shareholders’ value.
The Group regards equity attributable to owners of the parent as capital and manages its capital 
structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and the risk 
characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group 
may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new 
shares.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 178 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
177
35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES 
(Continued)
Capital management (Continued)
During the year, the Group’s strategy was to maintain the debt to assets ratio at a healthy level in 
order to support its businesses. The principal strategies adopted by the Group include, without 
limitation, reviewing future cash flow requirements and the ability to meet debt repayment 
schedules when they fall due, and adjusting investment plans and financing plans, if necessary, 
to ensure that the Group has a reasonable debt to assets ratio to support its business. The debt 
to assets ratios at the end of the reporting periods are as follows:
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000   
Total current liabilities 87,440 143,932
Total non-current liabilities 95,187 64,627  
Debt 182,627 208,559  
Total assets 723,682 707,522  
Debt to assets ratio 25.2% 29.5%  
36. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
There was no material subsequent event undertaken by the Group after 31 December 2025.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 179 ---
31 December 2025
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2025
178
37. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
2025 2024
Note RMB’000 RMB’000    
CURRENT ASSETS
Amount due from a subsidiary 154,043 173,493
Cash and cash equivalents 108 458  
Total current assets 154,151 173,951  
CURRENT LIABILITIES
Amounts due to related parties 36 37  
Total current liabilities 36 37  
NET CURRENT ASSETS 154,115 173,914  
TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES 154,115 173,914  
NET ASSETS 154,115 173,914  
EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital 30 5,681 5,681
Reserves 148,434 168,233  
Total equity 154,115 173,914  
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 180 ---
31 December 2025
Annual Report 2025 Shineroad International Holdings Limited
179
37. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
Note:
A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:
Capital 
reserve- 
share premium
Accumulated 
losses
Exchange 
fluctuation 
reserves Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000     
At 1 January 2024 176,985 (11,117) 9,713 175,581
Loss for the year — (1,847) — (1,847)
Exchange differences on translation  
of foreign operations — — 3,787 3,787    
Total comprehensive income for the year — (1,847) 3,787 1,940
Final 2023 dividend declared (9,288) — — (9,288)    
At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 167,697 (12,964) 13,500 168,233    
Loss for the year — (1,715) — (1,715)
Exchange differences on translation  
of foreign operations — — (3,985) (3,985)    
Total comprehensive income for the year — (1,715) (3,985) (5,700)
Final 2024 dividend declared (14,099) — — (14,099)    
At 31 December 2025 153,598 (14,679) 9,515 148,434    
38. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 26 
March 2026.
Notes to Financial Statements

--- PAGE 181 ---
 
Financial Summary
Shineroad International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2024
180
Year ended 31 December 
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000      
Results of operation
REVENUE 863,616 728,308 683,591 661,645 651,482
Gross profit 150,641 121,169 114,462 125,619 120,905
PROFIT BEFORE TAX 108,241 65,469 31,878 61,496 81,673
Net Profit attributable to:
Owners of the parent 86,061 47,662 20,257 43,686 57,616
Non-controlling interests — — — — —
Profitability
Gross profit margin 17.4% 16.6% 16.7% 19.0% 18.56%
Net Profit margin 10.0% 6.5% 3.0% 6.6% 8.84%
EARNINGS PER SHARE 
ATTRIBUTABLE TO 
ORDINARY EQUITY 
HOLDERS OF THE 
PARENT
Basic and diluted* 0.13 0.07 0.03 0.06 0.08
Assets
Total Assets 534,141 552,846 593,654 707,522 723,682
Total Liabilities 120,334 101,423 130,846 208,559 182,627
Total equity attributable to 
owners of the Company 413,807 451,423 462,808 498,963 541,055
Debt to assets ratio 22.5% 18.3% 22.0% 29.5% 25.2%
* Diluted earnings per share is the same as earnings per share as the Group had no potential dilutive ordinary shares in 
issue during the periods