Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take
no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy
or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising
from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this announcement.




               China New Higher Education Group Limited
                      中國新高教集團有限公司
                         (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                                           (Stock code: 2001)


                    ANNOUNCEMENT OF ANNUAL RESULTS
                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 AUGUST 2024

The Board of Directors of China New Higher Education Group Limited is pleased to announce the
annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 August 2024.

HIGHLIGHTS

•    The Group has been determined to consistently implement the high-quality development
     strategy, with “enabling every student to achieve career success and life fulfillment” as its
     mission, “building the most student-oriented university with a century-long vision” as its
     vision, adhering to the values of “student-oriented, contributor-based and adherence to long-
     termism”. Focusing on the core demands of “better learning outcomes, higher employment
     quality, better service experience and more beautiful campus environment”, the Group has
     been continuously increasing educational investment, comprehensively improving the quality
     of education and teaching as well as cultivation of talents to support regional economic and
     social development, and contributing to the high-quality development of higher education in
     China.

•    High-quality and full employment has been rising steadily. As of 31 December 2023, the
     overall employment rate of the Group’s 2023 graduates was 96.97%, marking the fourth
     consecutive year with the overall employment rate of 95% or higher. As of 31 August
     2024, the initial employment rate of the 2024 graduates reached 95.09%, representing an
     increase of 4.4 percentage points as compared to last year. The proportion of high-quality
     employment of the 2024 graduates reached 33.21%, with one out of every three graduates
     being employed in high-quality job, of which the number of students employed by famous
     companies increased by 62%.




                                                   –1–
•   In the 2024/2025 academic year, the total number of students in the Group’s schools was
    approximately 139,000. The proportion of undergraduate students has continued to increase,
    with the proportion of new undergraduate students among all newly enrolled students
    increased by 4 percentage points and the proportion of undergraduate students in the total
    number of students increased by 1 percentage point. In addition, the proportion of cross-
    provincial enrollment in the Group’s schools has increased consistently. The admission
    scores have substantially increased, the brand competitiveness has been further enhanced,
    and the high-quality development strategy is steadily advancing.

•   The Group’s high-quality development strategy aligns perfectly with the direction of
    policy support. With the support of favorable policies, Guizhou School’s application to
    be an undergraduate-level university has been formally included in the “14th Five-Year
    Plan” College Establishment Plan of Guizhou Province. At present, the third phase campus
    construction of Guizhou School is underway as planned. The Group will continue to solidly
    promote major construction project of upgrading Guizhou School to an undergraduate-level
    university to ensure the completion of the relevant preparatory work with high quality and
    efficiency.

•   The Group’s financial performance has maintained steady growth. For the year ended
    31 August 2024, we achieved 13.8% year-on-year increase in the revenue from principal
    business of the Group to RMB2.41 billion, while 6.1% year-on-year increase in adjusted net
    profit to RMB0.77 billion.

•   The Group will maintain its dividend payout for the FY2023/2024, which is proposed to be
    payable wholly in form of new fully paid shares of the Company (the “Scrip Shares”) in
    lieu of cash (the “Scrip Dividend Scheme”). The Group is of the view that facing changes
    in social demographics such as declining birth rates and increasing demands from students
    for higher educational background, the future competition in the higher education market
    will further intensify. It is necessary to continuously enhance the level of school operation,
    improve teaching standards, and enhance service quality to address the impact of decreasing
    demand in the future. Therefore, the Group will continue to increase investment to seize
    the current opportunities for vocational schools to upgrade to undergraduate universities, as
    well as undergraduate universities to apply for the right to grant master's degrees, in order
    to achieve long-term sustainable high-quality development. The Group believes that this
    extraordinary Scrip Dividend Scheme is in the interest of the Group and its Shareholders as a
    whole. While protecting Shareholders’ returns, it can conserve cash for the Group’s business
    development and operational needs, and avoid the increase in the Group’s gearing ratio. It is
    expected that the Scrip Dividend Scheme will enhance the trading liquidity of the Shares.




                                             –2–
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

BUSINESS REVIEW

Business overview

The Group is a leading higher education group focusing on higher education for over 20 years
which first put forward and constantly promoted the school operation model of application-oriented
universities. The Group’s schools covered various regions of China, cumulatively cultivating
over 450,000 high-quality applied and technical talents for the society. As a leader of high-quality
employment, the schools of the Group have been awarded the “Top 50 National Employment (全
國就業工作50強)” by the Ministry of Education, and the employment rate of each school received
top ranking from their provinces and regions respectively, with continuous improvement in high-
quality employment rates.

Business Advantages

The Group has firmly implemented the strategy of high-quality development, with “enabling every
student to achieve career success and life fulfillment” as its mission, “building the most student-
oriented university with a century-long vision” as its vision, and increasing its investment in high-
quality development, to enable students to achieve better learning outcomes, higher employment
quality, better service experience and more beautiful campus environment, to enhance the
Group’s core competitiveness, and to build the foundation for the Group’s long-term high-quality
development.

Deepening the teaching reform to fully enhance students’ learning effectiveness

(I)   Continuously increasing the numbers of “double-high” teachers, building a highly
      qualified teaching workforce

      The Group has continued to introduce external high-level talents, with the number of
      “double-high” (high academic qualifications and high professional titles) teachers increased
      by 73% year-on-year. At the same time, the Group has increased the salary for core teaching
      positions, strategically oriented to the core teaching staff, such as department heads and
      deans, and has increased the allocation of training resources to further empower teachers to
      enhance their professionalism and build a high-quality, high-level teaching workforce.

(II) Consistently focusing on the classroom as the main battlefield, the quality of teaching and
     learning in the classroom have been significantly enhanced

      The Group has established a rewarding mechanism for outstanding lessons to constantly
      stimulate teaching enthusiasm and innovation. Such mechanism covers all 8 schools, with
      40% of teachers having received the award. During the Reporting Period, the Group has
      established a cross-campus teaching and research department, where 101 key teachers from
      8 schools collaborated to revise training programs, build curriculum systems, and integrate
      and optimize educational resources. The number of awards won by teachers in provincial
      teaching competitions and skills competitions have increased by nearly 170%, marking a
      historical breakthrough for the Group.



                                               –3–
    The “Wonderful Classroom” initiative has led to the construction of classrooms, significantly
    enhancing the quality of student learning. The Group has launched the “Wonderful
    Classroom” competition for 15 consecutive years. During the Reporting Period, the Group
    achieved 100% coverage of supervisory evaluation and student evaluation for the first
    time, and implemented the “Standards on Building OBE-oriented Wonderful Classrooms”
    to improve the quality of teaching and learning in the classroom. During the Reporting
    Period, the number of awards won by students in the National University Student Subject
    Competition increased by 180% year-on-year, among which 72 awards were of top tiers,
    marking a record high for the Group.

(III) “Exploring Enterprises and Enquiring Needs” leading to teaching reform and
      enhancement of connotative construction

    The Group adhered to the student-oriented approach and launched the “student-oriented”
    teaching reform, which promoted the integration of the “student-oriented” teaching
    philosophy and methodology into the classrooms, curricula, professions, and the university-
    wide talent cultivation system. At the same time, the Group continued its research work
    on “Exploring Enterprises and Enquiring Needs”. More than 1,200 teachers and staff have
    stepped out of the campus and visited 1,994 enterprises to conduct research and identify key
    issues in various aspects of talent cultivation. This advanced the teaching reform in 9 key
    aspects, namely objectives cultivation, graduation requirements, curriculum system, teaching
    content, experimental training, internships and practical experience, teaching methods,
    activities and competitions, and teaching workforce.

    In terms of curriculum construction, the Group has added 29 provincial first-class
    undergraduate courses, of which 7 curricula participated in the evaluation of national first-
    class courses. In terms of experimental training, the Group has constantly renovated and built
    new experimental and training laboratories, introducing industry-leading experimental and
    training equipment, systems and projects. In terms of internships and practical experience,
    new university-enterprise cooperation units and internships and practice bases have been
    added, which was in line with local industry development. Among them, 22 projects
    were approved for the Gansu School as the first batch of industry-academia cooperation
    and collaborative education projects in 2024, which was a record high, and a total of 127
    projects were approved for the Gansu School, which is the highest among the universities in
    Gansu Province. In terms of talent cultivation objectives, the Group combined the societal
    needs with local industrial advantages to build strong professional clusters. For example,
    new majors introduced at Central China School in 2024, namely the major of dentistry (a
    national-controlled major) and major of pet medical technology (specialist major), were
    very popular among students. The minimum admission cut-off score for dentistry major
    significantly exceeded the provincial admission score, and the minimum admission score
    ranked first among similar colleges and universities, with a 100% registration rate. Central
    China School also plans to establish a major in veterinary medicine, further highlighting its
    characteristics in medical higher education. The Group’s connotative construction continues
    to reach higher level.




                                             –4–
Strengthening employment services, “high-quality employment as the foundation of the
school”

(I)   Increasing high-quality investment to promote employment, promoting full and quality
      employment through “Four Focused Efforts”

      The Group has adhered to the principle of “high-quality employment is the foundation of a
      school”, continuously increasing its investment in employment.

      Firstly, the Group conducted a series of “exploring enterprises, expanding placement
      opportunities and enquiring needs” to expand the employment channels for graduates. The
      Group organized a number of “exploring enterprises, expanding placement opportunities
      and enquiring needs” activities to gather suggestions from enterprises and employers during
      the “enquiring needs” process to promote teaching reforms and enhance the alignment of
      professional talent cultivation.

      Secondly, the Group used the “Three Centers” as the guide to promote high-
      quality employment. Through continuous promotion from the three employment and
      entrepreneurship centers in the Yangtze River Delta, Pearl River Delta and Beijing-Tianjin-
      Hebei region (the “Three Centers”), more than 1,900 employers from renowned enterprises
      have been engaged, providing graduates with more than 27,000 internships, and more than
      7,000 graduates from the class of 2024 have been employed by the enterprises in the “Three
      Centers”.

      Thirdly, the Group continuously strengthened the employment workforce to deploy a high-
      quality team with sufficient manpower. The Group continuously increased investment in
      employment funding, with a focus on supporting frontline staff in carrying out campus
      recruitment and other activities. At the same time, recognition of outstanding staff was also
      increased, along with training support for frontline staff.

      Fourthly, the Group provided refined services and excelled in guiding graduates. Graduates’
      employment initiatives were launched in advance, ensuring that all graduates received
      employment training and guidance. Additionally, the Group held up to 22 employment
      training sessions over the past year, focusing on the needs of enterprises and students,
      providing employment services covering workplace etiquette, resume improvement, and
      interview skills.




                                               –5–
(II) Continuous increasing in the proportion of high-quality employment, with “good
     employment” becoming a renowned signature

     The Group has always regarded employment quality as the criterion for assessing its high-
     quality development. With the implementation of various measures, the Group has achieved
     remarkable results in high-quality employment, with continuous increase in its employment
     rate and high-quality employment ratio. As of 31 December 2023, the final employment rate
     for the 2023 graduates reached 96.97%, maintaining a high level of employment rate for four
     consecutive years. As of 31 August 2024, the initial employment rate for the 2024 graduates
     reached 95.09%, representing a significant increase of 4.4 percentage points as compared
     to last year, of which one out of every three graduates secured high-quality employment,
     and the number of students employed by famous enterprises such as the Fortune Global 500
     companies, China’s Top 100 companies and A-shares listed companies increased by 62%
     compared to the same period of last year.

     The Group’s schools have achieved fruitful employment-related awards. The Group’s
     schools won a total of 444 employment awards over the past 3 years, including 41
     awards from the Department of Education and the Department of Human Resources and
     Social Affairs, and 363 awards from employment-related competitions. Among them,
     Yunnan School and Guizhou School were approved as Provincial Demonstration Units of
     Employment and Entrepreneurship for Graduates, and were selected by Yunnan Province
     and Guizhou Province to participate in the assessment of the National Demonstration Units.
     Yunnan School’s “Constructing an ‘Iron Triangle’ Working Mechanism to Enhance the
     Effectiveness of Employment Promotion for All Staff” was accredited as the Typical Case of
     Employment of 2024 Graduates in Yunnan Province, and was the only private university in
     Yunnan Province to be selected for three consecutive years.

The concept of service and education penetrates into the front line, and student satisfaction
continues to rise

Since the establishment of Experience Management Department, the Group has continuously
focused on “student-oriented”, adhered to the principles of problem-orientation and highlight-
building, and formed a closed-loop model of experience management by means of satisfaction
surveys, student-teacher opinion platforms, the Principal’s Reception Day, the Student Experience
Committee, and peak-value experience activity design, i.e. “Demand Collection” to “Problem
Analysis” to “Problem Handling” and finally “Effect Verification”. The experience management
module has been constructed to increase the high-quality of inputs, resulting in improved service
quality and the achievement of education goals. Student satisfaction has increased for three
consecutive years, with 86.4% of students reported high level of satisfaction.




                                              –6–
The Group has continued to implement the concept of service and education, and enhanced
the reputation of the schools and being recommended from students and parents. The Group
has continued to enrich campus activities for students, focusing on the opening and graduation
seasons and creating the “peak experience” branded series of activities to enhance students’
sense of participation, exclusivity and belonging, which have continued to increase popularity
among students. Meanwhile, in terms of campus life, which is of concern to students, we have
continued to build ‘five-star’ student flats, added lifestyle services, shared kitchens, study rooms,
and multifunctional spaces for students, and also introduced high-quality and well-known branded
merchants to the campus, such as Luckin Coffee Master Shop, Starbucks Reserve Shop, Tmall
Supermarket, McDonald’s and KFC, etc., transforming and upgrading commercial spaces to
continuously enhance students’ living experience.

Aligning with the international high standards and high quality, continuously creating a
more beautiful campus environment

The Group believes that a better campus environment is one of the important core competencies
under the vision of “building the most student-oriented university with a century-long vision”.
A beautiful campus environment enables students to have a better learning outcomes and living
experience, achieving a subtle educational effect through the environment. Therefore, the Group
has continued to increase high-quality investment to create a first-class nurturing environment,
comprehensively enhancing the visual experience, which has been greatly improved in various
aspects such as campus planning, building upgrades, interior remodeling and landscape layout.
In the future, the schools will continue to align with international standards and high quality to
create a more beautiful campus environment and fully leverage the “environment nurturing” effect,
thereby further supporting high-quality development.

Enrollment competitiveness continued to increase and the student structure continued to
optimize

In the 2024/2025 academic year, the total number of students in the Group’s schools was
approximately 139,000. The proportion of undergraduate students has continued to increase,
with the proportion of new undergraduate students among all newly enrolled students increased
by 4 percentage points, and the proportion of undergraduate students in the total number of
students increased by 1 percentage point. In addition, the Group’s schools continued to expand
their national enrollment, with the proportion of cross-provincial enrollment steadily increasing.
Among them, the undergraduate program of the Northeast School out of the provinces increased
by 35% year-on-year. The minimum admission cut-off scores for our schools far exceeded the
provincial admission score. For example, in the first year of enrollment for the major of dentistry
at Central China School, the minimum admission cut-off scores exceeded the provincial admission
score by 44 points and the minimum admission score ranked first among similar schools, with the
registration rate of students reaching 100%. Guizhou School ranked first in terms of the minimum
admission cut-off score among similar schools in the province in 2024. The Group’s enrollment
competitiveness continues to strengthen, achieving high-quality development results.




                                               –7–
Insisting on ESG-led, high-quality and long-term sustainable development

The Group is committed to the environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) philosophy and uses
ESG as a guide to promote sustainable development, which has been recognized by authorities
and the capital market. Yunnan School was selected as a “Green and Beautiful Campus” and a
“Water-saving University”, while Guizhou School and Central China School were also selected
as “Water-saving Universities”. Sustainable development of the Group has also been recognized
by the capital market. The Group received an ESG score of 36 for the first time from Standard &
Poor’s, one of the three major international rating agencies, ranked the seventh in the world and
the first in China in the industry, and scored the highest in China’s education sector. At the same
time, the Group has been selected as a member of S&P Global’s “2024 Sustainability Yearbook
(China)”, making the Group the first and the only enterprise in the diversified consumer industry
to be included in the yearbook.

FUTURE OUTLOOK

The high-quality development of vocational education received prolonged support by the
policy

The Group continues to be supported by favorable policies and vocational education has a bright
future and great potential. In January 2024, the National Education Work Conference has deployed
“boosting the adaptability and appeal of vocational education” as one of the key tasks. In March
2024, the Government Work Report of the Two Sessions mentioned “vigorously improving
the quality of vocational education”. Meanwhile, during the Two Sessions, General Secretary
Xi Jinping emphasized that “we must improve vocational education in a real way, establish the
spirit of the craftsman, and cultivate front-line craftsmen from the great power in batches.” In
July 2024, the Third Plenary Session of the 20th Central Committee of the Communist Party
of China (CPC) passed the Resolution of the CPC Central Committee on Further Deepening
Reform Comprehensively to Advance Chinese Modernization, which proposes to “accelerate the
construction of a high-quality education system, and push forward reforms in other aspects of
education including educational modes, the running of schools, the management system, and the
safeguard mechanism”. On 3 August 2024, the Opinions of the State Council on Promoting High-
Quality Development of Service Consumption proposed “encouraging high-standard cooperation
with internationally renowned institutions of higher education in China”. On 15 September 2024,
the Opinions of the State Council of the CPC Central Committee on Implementing the Strategy of
Prioritizing Employment and Promoting High-Quality and Full Employment emphasized that “the
employment situation as an important basis for the allocation of education resources, assessment of
the quality of education, and the arrangement of enrollment plans”.




                                               –8–
The Group’s high-quality development strategy aligns perfectly with the direction of policy
support. With the support of favorable policies, Guizhou School’s application to be an
undergraduate-level university has been formally included in the “14th Five-Year Plan” College
Establishment Plan of Guizhou Province. At present, construction of the third phase campus
of Guizhou School is underway as planned. The Group will continue to solidly promote major
construction project of upgrading Guizhou School to an undergraduate university to ensure the
completion of the relevant preparatory work with high quality and efficiency. Yunnan School has
successfully obtained provincial-level approval for the establishment of a new master’s degree
granting unit, becoming the first batch of private university in Yunnan Province being approved
for the establishment of such a new master’s degree granting unit at the provincial level.

Future development: “Three Sustainability”

(I)   Continue to follow the path of high-quality development

      The Group has always insisted on being a long-term runner in the higher education industry.
      The Group will continue to increase its investment and steadfastly follow the path of high-
      quality development supported by national policies to create and provide educational
      opportunities with high quality teaching, high quality employment and high-quality
      experience for students of all its schools.

(II) Sustained and stable value creation under the ESG approach

      The Group is committed to the ESG philosophy and uses ESG as a guide to integrate
      financial indicators such as stable performance growth, steady investment returns and
      abundant cash flow with ESG, so as to create value in a sustained and steady manner, thereby
      realizing long-term benefits and sustainable development, and achieving a win-win situation
      for both investors and the Group in the long run.

(III) Building the most student-oriented university with a century-long vision and continuing to
      provide education that meets the satisfaction of the people

      In the face of the new development stage, new development pattern and new development
      opportunities in higher education, with the mission of “enabling every student to achieve
      career success and life fulfillment”, the Group is committed to building the “most student-
      oriented university with a century-long vision” and solidly execute the idea of “strengthening
      morality through education, teaching students in accordance with their aptitude and studying
      for the sake of application”. The Group will continue to cultivate high-quality talents with
      applied and technical skills who have comprehensive development in morality, intelligence,
      physical fitness, aesthetics, and labor skills to meet the needs of local economic and social
      development, so as to assist in the strengthening of education to support our country and
      create greater values for the society, and to provide education that meets the satisfaction of
      the people.




                                               –9–
FINANCIAL REVIEW

The financial results for the year ended 31 August 2024 and last year are as follows:

                                                                Year ended
                                                           31 August      31 August
                                                                2024          2023                       Change
                                                         RMB million    RMB million                         (%)

Total revenue^                                                  2,835.2              2,526.9               12.2%


Revenue                                                         2,411.7              2,119.1               13.8%
Cost of sales                                                  (1,535.6)            (1,313.1)              16.9%

Gross profit                                                       876.1               806.0                8.7%
Other income and gains                                             423.5               407.8                3.8%
Selling and distribution expenses                                  (40.6)              (35.8)              13.4%
Administrative expenses                                           (113.4)              (95.7)              18.5%
Other expenses                                                    (104.7)              (92.8)              12.8%
Finance costs                                                     (127.9)             (143.6)             -10.9%

PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                                  913.0               845.9                7.9%
Income tax expense                                                (157.0)             (142.6)              10.1%

Net profit                                                         756.0               703.3                7.5%


Adjusted net profit#                                               772.0               727.5                6.1%

^    Total revenue = revenue + other income and gains

#
     Adjusted net profit = net profit of RMB756.0 million for the year ended 31 August 2024 plus fair value loss of
     a swap derivative product of RMB16.2 million, minus exchange gain of RMB0.2 million arising from the USD
     syndicated loans (FY2023: net profit of RMB703.3 million for the year ended 31 August 2023 plus exchange
     loss of RMB24.2 million arising from the USD syndicated loans)




                                                    – 10 –
Revenue

The Group’s revenue reached RMB2,411.7 million for the year ended 31 August 2024, increased
by 13.8% as compared to RMB2,119.1 million of last year, which was mainly attributable to
steady growth of revenue from tuition fees and boarding fees driven by leveraging the advantages
of centralized school operation and continuous high quality connotation development.

Cost of Sales

The Group’s cost of sales was RMB1,535.6 million for the year ended 31 August 2024, increased
by 16.9% as compared to RMB1,313.1 million of last year, which was primarily due to (1) an
increase of 31.3% in teaching and learning related costs as compared to last year as the Group has
increased its investment in teaching and learning to enhance the quality of teaching and learning
for the sake of high-quality development; (2) an increase of 15.7% in depreciation and amortization
costs as compared to last year as the Group continued to upgrade and renovate its campus and
upgrade its laboratory training equipment; and (3) an increase of 12.1% in labor-related costs as
compared to last year as the Group continued to optimize the cost structure of teachers, enhance
the remuneration and benefits of core teaching positions, actively introduce double-high teachers
and strengthen the construction of a high quality teaching team.

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

The Group’s gross profit was RMB876.1 million for the year ended 31 August 2024, which was
increased by 8.7% as compared to RMB806.0 million of last year. The gross profit margin for
the year ended 31 August 2024 was 36.3%, representing a decrease of 1.7 percentage point as
compared to the gross profit margin of 38.0% of last year. The decrease was mainly due to the
Group’s adherence to a connotation development strategy and the increasing investment in talents
and teaching. As such, the growth of revenue for current stage was temporarily lower than the
growth of cost of sales. The development strategy, which is based on high quality, will lay a solid
foundation for its future organic growth.

Other Income and Gains

The Group’s other income and gains reached RMB423.5 million for the year ended 31 August
2024, increased by 3.8% as compared to RMB407.8 million of last year, which was mainly due
to (1) the integration of the Group’s training resources accumulated over the years, exploring
best practices and actively providing training services in vocational skills enhancement to the
community and students, leading to a 8.7% increase in service revenue year-on-year; and (2)
leveraging on the advantages of its centralized school operation to actively expand the rentable
area, resulting in a year-on-year increase of 7.9% in rental income.




                                              – 11 –
Selling and Distribution Expenses

The Group’s selling and distribution expenses were RMB40.6 million for the year ended 31
August 2024, which was increased by 13.4% as compared to RMB35.8 million of last year. This
increase was primarily attributable to the Group’s continuous efforts to strengthen brand building
and enhance its schools’ brand image. The expenses accounted for approximately 1.4% of the
Group’s total revenue for the Reporting Period, which was flat with the historical level.

Administrative Expenses

The Group’s administrative expenses were RMB113.4 million for the year ended 31 August 2024,
increased by 18.5% as compared to RMB95.7 million of last year, which was primarily due to
(1) an increase in the provision for performance bonus as the Group’s revenue growth exceeded
expectations during the Reporting Period; (2) an increase in business hospitality expenses as a
result of increasing efforts in exploring enterprises and enquiring about their needs to expand
employment channels.

Other Expenses

The Group’s other expenses were RMB104.7 million for the year ended 31 August 2024, which
was increased by 12.8% as compared to RMB92.8 million of last year. The increase was mainly
attributable to a fair value loss of RMB16.2 million incurred from a swap derivative product
purchased by the Group during the Reporting Period to hedge its exposure to the risks of
fluctuations in exchange rates and floating interest rates of USD loans, the fair value of which was
affected by the fluctuations in the forward US dollar exchange rates and the SOFR interest rates,
which affected the Group’s profit or loss during the Reporting Period.

Finance Costs

The Group’s finance costs were RMB127.9 million for the year ended 31 August 2024, decreased
by 10.9% as compared to RMB143.6 million of last year, which was mainly due to the Group’s
continuous efforts to expand its diversified loan portfolio and control finance costs, resulting in a
decrease in average interest rate.

Profit before Tax

Due to the combined influence of revenue, costs and expenses above, the Group recorded a profit
before tax of RMB913.0 million for the Reporting Period, representing an increase of 7.9% as
compared to RMB845.9 million of last year.




                                               – 12 –
Net Profit

Due to the combined effects of revenue, costs and expenses above, the net profit of the Group
was RMB756.0 million for the year ended 31 August 2024, representing an increase of 7.5% as
compared to RMB703.3 million of last year.

Non-HKFRS Measures

To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented under HKFRS, we also use adjusted
net profit as additional financial measures. The Company considers that these non-HKFRS
measures can eliminate the potential impact of items that management believes are not reflective
of the Group’s operating performance and thus facilitate comparisons of operating performance
from period to period.

The use of non-HKFRS measures has limitations as an analytical tool as these measures do not
include all items that affect our results in the related period. In view of the limitations of the non-
HKFRS measures above, readers should not read the non-HKFRS measures in isolation or as an
alternative to our profit for the year, or any other measure of operating performance calculated in
accordance with HKFRSs, in assessing our operating and financial performance. In addition, as
these non-HKFRS measures may be calculated differently by different companies, they should not
be compared with similarly named measures used by other companies.

The calculation of adjusted net profit is as follows:

                                                                             Year ended
                                                                   31 August 2024 31 August 2023
                                                                      RMB million    RMB million

Net profit                                                                    756.0              703.3
Adjusted items: Fair value loss of a swap derivative product                   16.2                  –
                Exchange (gain)/loss arising from the USD
                 syndicated loans                                               (0.2)             24.2

Adjusted net profit                                                           772.0              727.5




                                                – 13 –
Total Capital

The total capital of the Group was RMB2,321.7 million as of 31 August 2024 (31 August 2023:
RMB1,148.6 million), which equals to the aggregate of cash and cash equivalents, pledged and
restricted deposits and time deposits.

Financial Resources and Gearing Ratio

The Group’s interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings primarily consisted of short-
term working capital loans and long-term project loans for its school buildings and facilities.
The interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings as well as lease liabilities amounted to
RMB3,504.8 million as of 31 August 2024 (31 August 2023: RMB2,718.3 million), among which
US$80.0 million was denominated in United States dollar, while the remaining was denominated
in Renminbi.

Interest-bearing debt equals to the total amount of interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings
and lease liabilities as of 31 August 2024. The Group’s interest-bearing debt/total assets increased
from 29.4% as of 31 August 2023 to 31.8% as of 31 August 2024, which was mainly because
the Group has retained sufficient available funds to satisfy the need for continuous increase in
investment in high-quality development and has not repaid bank borrowings in advance.

Net interest-bearing debt equals to the total interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings and
lease liabilities net of total capital as of 31 August 2024. The Group’s net interest-bearing debt/
total equity decreased from 44.4% as of 31 August 2023 to 28.8% as of 31 August 2024, which
was primarily attributable to the combined effects of the decrease in the size of the Group’s net
interest-bearing liabilities and the increase in the amount of total equity.

Gearing ratio equals to the ratio of interest-bearing debt divided by total equity as of 31 August
2024. The Group’s gearing ratio increased from 76.9% as of 31 August 2023 to 85.2% as of 31
August 2024, primarily due to the increase in the scale of the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities.




                                              – 14 –
Capital Expenditures

For the year ended 31 August 2024, the Group’s capital expenditures were RMB920.8 million,
which was primarily used for the construction of upgrading Guizhou School to an undergraduate
university, the construction of other schools’ buildings and facilities, land acquisition and purchase
of furniture and equipment.

Capital Commitments

The Group’s capital commitments were primarily used in the payment of construction and
maintenance of school buildings and purchase of facilities. The following table sets out a summary
of our capital commitments as of the dates indicated:

                                                                       Year ended        Year ended
                                                                        31 August         31 August
                                                                             2024              2023
                                                                      RMB million       RMB million

Contracted but not provided for:
Property, plant and equipment
Within one year                                                               214.5             231.4
Over one year                                                                 353.4              86.6

                                                                              567.9             318.0

As of 31 August 2024, the Group had no significant capital commitment authorized but not
contracted for.

FUTURE PLAN FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

Save as disclosed in this announcement, the Group did not have any other plans for material
investments and capital assets since the end of the Reporting Period and up to the date of this
announcement.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

No other significant investments and acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint
ventures were made by the Group during the Reporting Period.




                                               – 15 –
FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK MANAGEMENT

The functional currency of the Group is RMB and HKD. The majority of the Group’s revenue
and expenditures are denominated in RMB. As at 31 August 2024, certain bank loans and bank
balances were denominated in USD and HKD. The Group had purchased call options with an
underlying value of US$11 million in the year ended 31 August 2023, which have been exercised
during the year ended 31 August 2024 and it has purchased a swap derivative product during the
year ended 31 August 2024 to hedge its exposure to the risks of fluctuations in exchange rates
and floating interest rates of USD loans. In future, the management will continue to pay attention
on the Group’s foreign exchange risk exposure and consider adopting prudent measures as
appropriate.

PLEDGE OF ASSETS

The pledged assets of the Group as at 31 August 2024 are as follows:

(i)    equity interests of the Group’s certain subsidiaries; and

(ii)   deposits of the Group with an amount of RMB928,105,000 as at 31 August 2024 (31 August
       2023: RMB196,726,000).

Contingent Liabilities

As of 31 August 2024, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities, guarantee or
any litigation or claims of material importance, pending or threatened against any member of the
Group.

OFF-BALANCE SHEET COMMITMENTS AND ARRANGEMENTS

As of the date of this announcement, the Group had not entered into any off-balance sheet
transactions.

FAVOURABLE POLICIES TO FACILITATE THE DEVELOPMENT OF PRIVATE
HIGHER VOCATIONAL EDUCATION

On 12 October 2021, the General Office of the Chinese Communist Party Central Committee
and the General Office of the State Council issued the Opinions on Promoting the High-quality
Development of Modern Vocational Education (《關於推動現代職業教育高質量發展的意見》)
(the “Opinions”), and issued a notice requiring serious implementation. The Opinions put forward
that (1) speeding up the establishment of the “vocational education college entrance examination”
system, to promote the vertical connection of vocational education at different levels, and
strengthen the penetration and integration of general education and vocational education at all
levels; (2) adherence to major national strategies, to encourage schools setting up more scarce and
market-oriented majors; (3) improving the diversified school operation pattern, encouraging listed
companies and industry leading enterprises to establish vocational education, and encouraging



                                                – 16 –
all kinds of enterprises to participate in the establishment of vocational education according to
law, to enrich the school operation forms of vocational schools; (4) governments at all levels
should coordinate the scale, structure and level of vocational education and human resources
development, and include the integration of production and education into the economic and social
development plan. Local governments should take the promotion of enterprises’ participation in
school-enterprise cooperation and the cultivation of technical and skilled talents as the important
contents of industrial development plans, industrial incentive policies and rural revitalization plans,
provide “financial + fiscal + land + credit” incentives to industry-education integrated enterprises,
and implement the relevant tax and fee policies in accordance with the regulations; (5) realizing
the innovation of school-enterprise cooperation mechanism, deepening the reform of education and
teaching, building the brand of vocational education with Chinese characteristics, and exploring
the international development mode of “Chinese + vocational skills”.

In December 2021, the Opinions on the Authorization and Awarding of Bachelor’s Degrees
in Vocational Schools at the Undergraduate Level (《關於做好本科層次職業學校學士學位
授權與授予工作的意見》) was issued by the Academic Degree Office of the State Council,
which makes it clear that the authorization, awarding and management of bachelor’s degrees
in vocational education at the undergraduate level will be subject to the same rules as those
for general undergraduates, while highlighting the characteristics of vocational education. The
undergraduate-level vocational education degree certificate will thus be given the same status as
the general undergraduate degree in terms of effectiveness and application value. The Group’s
development direction has been in line with the Group’s commitment to strengthen the educational
characteristics of vocational education, emphasize vocational competence and qualification, and
promote its high-quality development.

In January 2022, four departments including the Ministry of Education issued the “14th Five-Year
Plan” for Vocational Skills Training which was the first “Five-Year Plan” of vocational training of
the Central Government, aiming to improve the capability of workers and relieve the pressure of
employment. Such policy sets up key goals for the year of 2021 to 2025: (1) conducting subsidized
vocational training with no less than 75 million persons, in which no less than 30 million persons
for farmers; (2) no less than 40 million persons for newly obtained vocational qualification
certificates or vocational skill level certificates; (3) no less than 200 of newly built public training
bases. The higher education industry will continue to benefit from the favorable policy on
vocational education.

In February 2022, the Ministry of Education announced the work focus of vocational education in
2022, proposed to promote fuller and higher quality employment for college graduates, support and
regulate the healthy development of private education and accelerated the digital transformation
and smart upgrade of education. It is expected that the Group will continue to benefit from the
favorable policies of vocational education.




                                                – 17 –
The Vocational Education Law promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National People’s
Congress in April 2022, which became effective on 1 May, clarifies that vocational education
and general education have the same important status, supports the social forces to extensively
participate in vocational education, fosters, guides and backs up enterprises and other social forces
to sponsor vocational schools and vocational training institutions in accordance with the law, and
encourages enterprises to participate deeply in the integration of industry and education, as well
as school-enterprise cooperation. The new law also makes it clear that when government, public
institutions, state-owned enterprises are in the recruitment of technical skills positions, the level
of technical skills should be an important criteria and public institutions can appropriately lower
educational requirements when publicly recruit positions with vocational skills level requirements.
From which we can observe that the new law continues the consistent policy direction of the
state to support the development of vocational education. And through the improvement of
the protection mechanism and measures of vocational education, it focuses on improving the
recognition of vocational education and the quality of technical skills personnel training. The new
law will definitely promote the high-quality development of vocational education, and the higher
vocational education groups will also welcome a new round of development opportunities in a
more sound and friendly legal environment.

In October 2022, Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the Communist Party of China (“CPC”) Central
Committee, pointed out in the report to the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of
China that China will continue to give high priority to the development of education, build a
strong educational system, and move faster to build a high-quality educational system. It is clear
that the focus of vocational education, higher education, and continuing education is collaborative
innovation. China will promote integration between vocational education and general education,
between industry and education, and between science and education. China will also better establish
vocational education as a category in the educational system, setting out the direction for the future
development of higher vocational education.

In December 2022, the General Office of the Chinese Communist Party Central Committee and
the General Office of the State Council issued the Opinions on Deepening the Reform of the
Construction of Modern Vocational Education System, which put forward the strategic tasks
of exploring a new model for the construction of a modern vocational education system at the
provincial level, building a municipal industry-education consortium and creating a community
of industry-education fusion. It also specifies the key tasks of enhancing the key school-running
capacity of vocational schools, strengthening the construction of “dual-teacher” teams, building
an open regional practice centre for integration of industry and education, broadening the channels
for students to grow up and become successful, and innovating the mechanism of international
exchanges and cooperation.




                                               – 18 –
In March 2023, Premier Li Keqiang, on behalf of the State Council, made a Report on the Work
of the Government at the First Session of the Fourteenth National People’s Congress, in which
he proposed that over the past five years, the development of vocational education has achieved
remarkable results, the adaptability of vocational education has been enhanced, and the conditions
of operation of vocational schools have continued to improve, and proposed, among the priorities
of this year’s work, to promote the high-quality and balanced development of compulsory
education and the integration of urban and rural areas, to develop vocational education vigorously
and to promote the innovation of higher education.

In June 2023, the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Education, the
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human
Resources and Social Security, the Ministry of Natural Resources, the People’s Bank of China
and the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council
issued the Implementation Plan for the Enhancement of Empowerment Initiatives for Industry-
education Integration in Vocational Education (2023–2025) (《職業教育產教融合賦能提升
行動實施方案 (2023–2025年)》), with the aim of integrating and promoting the coordinated
development of education and industry, innovating and building platforms and carriers for
industry-education integration, successively advancing the pilot projects for the construction of
industry-education integration, and perfecting and implementing the combined incentives and
empowerment policy system, so as to further lead industry-education integration to make deepen
reforms. The implementation plan expects that by 2025, there are about 50 pilot cities for industry-
education integration in the PRC. With giving full play to the breakthrough and leading role of
pilot cities, more than 10,000 enterprises for industry-education integration will be established and
cultivated nationwide. A development pattern of coordinated integration and benign interaction
between education and industry will be gradually formed after improving and perfecting the
system of enterprises for industry-education integration and the combined incentive policy system,
a steady increase in investment in vocational education from various funding channels, and better
integrating industrial needs into the entire cultivation process of talent development.

In July 2023, the General Office of the Ministry of Education issued the Notice on Accelerating
the Reform of the Construction of Modern Vocational Education System, deploying 11 key
tasks for the reform of the construction of modern vocational education system, accelerating the
construction of a new mechanism for the high-quality development of vocational education that
involves interaction between the central government and the local government, regional linkage,
and collaboration between government, industry, enterprises, and schools, so as to promote the
reform of the construction of modern vocational education system in an orderly and effective
manner.

In March 2024, Premier Li Qiang, on behalf of the State Council, made a Report on the Work of
the Government at the Second Session of the Fourteenth National People’s Congress. The report
proposed to guide and regulate the development of private education, vigorously improve the
quality of vocational education, implement pilot comprehensive reforms of higher education,
optimise the structural layout of disciplines, majors and resources, accelerate the construction of
world-class universities with Chinese characteristics and advantageous disciplines, strengthen
applied undergraduate colleges and enhance operating capabilities of colleges in the central
western region.


                                               – 19 –
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS OF REGULATORY FRAMEWORK

(I)   Classified Registration

      According to the Several Opinions of the State Council on Encouraging Social Powers to
      Set up Education to Promote the Healthy Development of Private Education (29 December
      2016), a classified registration and management system shall be applicable to private schools,
      and private school sponsors can choose to run non-profit or for-profit private schools. The
      revised Laws for Promoting Private Education of the PRC (implemented on 1 September
      2017) also promulgated the same provisions.

      According to the Implemental Rules on Private School Classified Registration (30 December
      2016), if an existing private school chooses to register as a non-profit private school, it
      should modify its articles of association, continue to run the school and complete new
      registration procedures in accordance with relevant laws. If it chooses to register as a for-
      profit private school, it should conduct financial settlement, clarify the ownership of school
      land, school premises, school accumulation, and pay related taxes and fees, obtain a new
      permit in running a school, re-register and continue the operations for education.

      In order to further implement the above requirements, government and relevant competent
      departments in the region where the Group runs schools have successively issued supporting
      measures, including (1) Implementation Opinions Issued by the People’s Government
      of Yunnan Province on Encouraging Social Powers to Set up Education to Promote the
      Healthy Development of Private Education (18 December 2017), Notice of the Five
      Departments including Education Department of Yunnan Province on Steady and Orderly
      Promotion of Classified Registration and Management of Private Schools (12 June 2019);
      (2) Implementation Opinions Issued by the People’s Government of Guizhou Province
      on Supporting and Regulating Social Forces to Set up Education to Promote the Healthy
      Development of Private Education (3 August 2018), Measures for the Implementation of
      Classified Examination and Approval of Registration and Supervision and Management
      of Private Schools in Guizhou Province (Trial) (11 June 2019), Measures for Changing
      the Type of Legal Person Registration of Existing Private Schools in Guizhou Province
      (22 August 2022); (3) Implementation Opinions Issued by Heilongjiang Province on
      Encouraging Social Powers to Set up Education to Promote the Healthy Development of
      Private Education, Measures for the Implementation of Classified Registration of Private
      Schools in Heilongjiang Province, and Measures for the Supervision and Administration of
      For-profit Private Schools in Heilongjiang Province (26 February 2019); (4) Implementation
      Opinions of the People’s Government of Gansu Province on Further Promoting the Healthy
      Development of Private Education (8 November 2017), Measures for the Implementation
      of Classified Registration of Private Schools in Gansu Province (15 November 2018);
      (5) Implementation Opinions Issued by the People’s Government of Guangxi Zhuang
      Autonomous Region on Encouraging Social Powers to Set up Education to Promote the
      Healthy Development of Private Education (2 July 2018), Measures for the Implementation
      of Classified Registration of Private Schools in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region (10
      October 2018), Measures for the Implementation of Supervision and Administration of



                                              – 20 –
    For-profit Private Schools in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region (16 October 2018),
    Measures for the Implementation of Classified Registration of Existing Private Schools in
    Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region (19 April 2022); (6) Implementation Opinions Issued
    by the People’s Government of Hubei Province on Encouraging Social Powers to Set up
    Education to Promote the Healthy Development of Private Education (20 December 2017);
    (7) Implementation Opinions Issued by the People’s Government of Henan Province on
    Encouraging Social Powers to Set up Education to Further Promote the Healthy Development
    of Private Education (2 February 2018).

    The above local regulations only provide a procedural framework for the classified
    registration of existing private schools in relevant provinces as for-profit private schools or
    non-profit private schools, but do not further specify the various preferential taxes and land
    use policies that can be enjoyed by for-profit and non-profit schools.

    As of the date of this announcement, except that the Northeast School, Guangxi Schools,
    Yunnan School and Guizhou School are currently in the process of classified registration
    according to the guidance of the relevant provincial authorities, the Company has not
    commenced the process of classified registration for other schools under the Group.
    However, due to the uncertainties in the interpretation and application of the above
    requirements, there are uncertainties as to when the private schools under the Group can
    complete the classified registration, whether the relevant taxes and fees will need to be
    paid in accordance with local supporting rules in the process of classified registration in the
    future, and what kind of tax and land use policies and other aspects of government supports
    such schools will enjoy in the future. The Group will continue to pay close attention to any
    further development on the application of the above requirements.

(II) The 2021 Implementation Rules

    On 14 May 2021, the State Council promulgated the Implementation Rules for the Laws for
    Promoting Private Education of the PRC (the “2021 Implementation Rules”), which has
    been implemented since 1 September 2021. The 2021 Implementation Rules stipulate that:
    (1) private schools may enjoy the preferential tax policies stipulated by the State, among
    which non-profit private schools may enjoy the same preferential tax policies as public
    schools; (2) for the construction or expansion of non-profit private schools, the local people’s
    governments shall grant preferential treatments in terms of land use by means of allocation in
    accordance with the principle of treating nonprofit private schools equally as public schools.
    For the land use of private schools that implement preschool education and education for
    academic credentials, the governments may provide lands by means of agreement, bidding,
    auction and etc. according to the laws. Lands may also be supplied by long-term lease, lease
    and assignment, and combination of sale and rental. Charges for the assignment or rental of
    land may be paid in instalments within the specified time limit as agreed in the contract.




                                             – 21 –
The 2021 Implementation Rules do not involve specific provisions on preferential taxation
and land use policies. Therefore, there are still uncertainties as to what kind of tax and land use
policies and other aspects of government supports the private schools under the Group will
enjoy in the future.

The 2021 Implementation Rules further stipulate that: (1) the State encourages enterprises
to establish or participate in the establishment of private schools that implement vocational
education in various forms, such as sole proprietorship, joint venture or cooperation
according to law; institutions that implement nationally recognized educational
examinations, vocational qualification examinations and vocational skill level examinations
shall comply with the relevant provisions of the State in the establishment or participation
in the establishment of private schools related to the examination implemented by them; (2)
private schools that provide compulsory education are not allowed to enter into transactions
with their interested parties, and other private schools shall conduct transactions with their
interested parties in a manner that is open, justified and fair, shall price such transactions
reasonably, shall establish standardized decision-making for such transactions and shall not
harm the interests of the State, schools and teachers and students. Private schools shall set up
an information disclosure mechanism for dealing with their interested parties. The relevant
governmental authorities, such as the education department, the human resources and social
security departments and the financial departments, shall strengthen the supervision of the
agreements entered into between non-profit private schools and their interested parties, and
shall review the connected transactions annually; (3) if the sponsor is a legal person, its
controlling shareholder and the actual controller must meet the requirements stipulated by
laws and administrative regulations for the establishment of a private school, and any change
of the controlling shareholder or the actual controller must be reported to the competent
department for record-filing and publicity. Any social organizations and individuals shall not
control private schools which provide compulsory education or non-profit private schools
which implement preschool education through mergers and acquisitions or contractual
agreements; and (4) the start-up capital and registered capital of a private school shall be
compatible with the type, level and scale of the school and shall be paid in full when it is
formally established.

Pursuant to the 2021 Implementation Rules, the Group is not prohibited from acquiring
non-profit private schools providing higher education services or controlling them through
structured contracts. As the Group has no plans to acquire private schools providing
compulsory education or non-profit private schools providing preschool education, we do not
consider that the 2021 Implementation Rules will have any adverse impact on the Group’s
future acquisitions.




                                           – 22 –
     The Structured Contracts may be considered as transactions with interested parties of
     private schools under the Group, and we may incur significant compliance costs due to the
     establishment of a disclosure mechanism. If the private school under the Group chooses to
     register as a non-profit private school, the competent government department shall review
     its relevant transactions annually. These processes may not be under our control and may be
     very complex and cumbersome, and may divert management attention. During the review
     process, government departments may require us to modify or terminate the Structured
     Contracts, which may lead to penalties, resulting in a material adverse impact on the
     operation of the Structured Contracts.

     As at the date of this announcement, the Company’s operations have not been affected by the
     2021 Implementation Rules.

(III) Foreign Investment Law

     The Foreign Investment Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國外商投資法》) (the “Foreign
     Investment Law”) approved by the National People’s Congress on 15 March 2019 has been
     implemented since 1 January 2020, and has become the basic law for foreign investment
     in China. According to this law, existing foreign-invested enterprises may maintain their
     existing organization structure within five years from the effective date of the Foreign
     Investment Law.

     On 26 December 2019, the State Council issued the Implementation Regulations of the
     Foreign Investment Law of the PRC (the “Implementation Regulations”), which also came
     into effect on 1 January 2020, aiming to implement the legislative principles and purposes of
     the Foreign Investment Law.

     The Foreign Investment Law clearly specifies three forms of foreign investment, but
     neither the Foreign Investment Law nor the Implementation Regulations explicitly stipulate
     contractual agreements as a form of foreign investment. As confirmed by our PRC Legal
     Advisors, as the Foreign Investment Law and the Implementation Regulations do not define
     contractual agreements as a form of foreign investment, if future laws, administrative
     regulations, and regulations of the State Council do not include contractual agreements
     as a form of foreign investment, the Structured Contracts as a whole and the agreements
     constituting the Structured Contracts will not be affected, and will continue to be legally
     valid, effective and binding on the parties. However, if future laws, administrative
     regulations, and regulations of the State Council stipulate contractual agreements as one of
     the ways of foreign investment, the Group may need to take relevant measures in accordance
     with the requirements of the laws, regulations and regulations of the State Council at that
     time. There will be uncertainty as to whether we can complete these measures in a timely
     manner or at all. Failure to take appropriate measures in a timely manner to address any of
     the compliance requirements in the above provisions may have a significant effect on our
     current group structure, corporate governance and business operations.




                                             – 23 –
     As at the date of this announcement, the Company’s operations have not been affected by the
     Foreign Investment Law.

     The Board will continue to monitor any updates regarding the Foreign Investment Law and
     seek guidance from our PRC Legal Advisors to ensure that the Company meets all relevant
     laws and regulations in China.

(IV) The Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by
     Domestic Companies

     On 17 February 2023, the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”) released
     five supporting guidelines including the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas
     Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (《境內企業境外發行證券和上
     市管理試行辦法》) (the “Overseas Listing Trial Measures”), which came into effect on
     31 March 2023. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures will regulate both direct and indirect
     overseas offering and listing of PRC domestic companies’ securities by adopting a filing-
     based regulatory regime. On the same day, the CSRC also held a press conference for the
     release of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and issued the Notice on Administration
     for the Filing of Overseas Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (《關於境內企業
     境外發行上市備案管理安排的通知》), which, among others, clarified that the domestic
     companies that have already been listed overseas on or before the effective date of the
     Overseas Listing Trial Measures (i.e. 31 March 2023) shall be deemed as existing applicants
     (存量企業), or the Existing Applicants. Existing Applicants are not required to complete
     the filling procedures immediately, and they shall be required to file with the CSRC when
     subsequent matters such as refinancing are involved. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures
     also requires subsequent reports to be filed with the CSRC on material events, such as change
     of control or voluntary or forced delisting of the issuer(s) who have completed overseas
     offerings and listings.

     As at the date of this announcement, the Company’s operations have not been affected by the
     Overseas Listing Trial Measures.

PAYMENT OF FINAL DIVIDEND

The Board has resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.233 per Share for
the year ended 31 August 2024 (for the year ended 31 August 2023: RMB0.096 per Share).

The proposed final dividend will be payable wholly in form of Scrip Shares. The Group is of
the view that facing changes in social demographics such as declining birth rates and increasing
demands from students for higher educational background, the future competition in the higher
education market will further intensify. It is necessary to continuously enhance the level of school
operation, improve teaching standards, and enhance service quality to address the impact of
decreasing demand in the future. Therefore, the Group will continue to increase investment to seize
the current opportunities for vocational schools to upgrade to undergraduate universities, as well
as undergraduate universities to apply for the right to grant master’s degrees, in order to achieve




                                              – 24 –
long-term sustainable high-quality development. The Group believes that this extraordinary
Scrip Dividend Scheme is in the interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a whole. While
protecting Shareholders’ returns, it can conserve cash for the Group’s business development and
operational needs, and avoid the increase in the Group’s gearing ratio. It is expected that the Scrip
Dividend Scheme will enhance the trading liquidity of the Shares.

The proposed final dividend will be declared in Renminbi and calculated in Hong Kong dollars.
The exchange rate adopted for conversion was the average middle exchange rate published by the
People’s Bank of China of the five business days prior to the declaration of the final dividend (i.e.
21 November 2024 to 27 November 2024) (RMB1.0 to HK$1.08182). Accordingly, the amount of
the final dividend calculated in Hong Kong dollars will be HK$0.25206 per Share.

                                                                      Year ended         Year ended
                                                                       31 August          31 August
                                                                            2024               2023

Interim dividend (RMB)                                                        N/A              0.119
Proposed final dividend (RMB)                                                0.233             0.096

The Scrip Dividend Scheme is conditional upon (i) the approval of the final dividend by the
Shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to be held on Thursday,
13 February 2025; and (ii) The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting the listing of, and
permission to deal in, the Scrip Shares to be issued pursuant to the Scrip Dividend Scheme.

A circular giving full details of the Scrip Dividend Scheme is expected to be published on the
websites of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.xingaojiao.com)
in March 2025. It is expected that the final dividend share certificates for the Scrip Shares will be
despatched on or around 17 April 2025 to the eligible Shareholders whose names appear on the
Register of Members of the Company on 17 March 2025.

CLOSURE OF THE REGISTER OF MEMBERS

For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the annual general meeting to be held
on Thursday, 13 February 2025, the register of members of the Company will be closed from
Monday, 10 February 2025 to Thursday, 13 February 2025, both days inclusive, during which
period no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to be qualified for attending and voting at
the annual general meeting, all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates
must be lodged with the Company’s share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong
Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road
East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 7 February 2025.




                                               – 25 –
In order to ascertain the shareholders’ entitlement to the final dividend (except the holder of
treasury shares (if any)), the register of members of the Company will be closed from Wednesday,
12 March 2025 to Monday, 17 March 2025, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer
of shares of the Company will be effected. In order to be qualified for the final dividend, all share
transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Group’s
branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor
Services Limited, at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East,
Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 11 March 2025.

HUMAN RESOURCES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As of 31 August 2024, the Group had a total of 10,080 employees (9,755 as of 31 August 2023).
The increase was mainly due to the Group’s insistence on high-quality development and continues
to introduce high-quality talents. As required by the PRC laws and regulations, the Group
participates in various employee social security plans for our employees that are administered
by local governments, including housing, pension, medical insurance, maternity insurance, work
injury insurance, and unemployment insurance. The Group maintains a good working relationship
with employees, and the Group did not experience any material labor disputes during the Reporting
Period.

The Group follows the remuneration policy of “contribution-driven, fair and competitive in the
market” for employees. The remuneration policy is designed according to the different position
sequences of the Group and its schools, and the salary is determined with reference to the
capability, job responsibilities and contribution of its employees. At the same time, the Group
has been actively cultivating the capabilities of its employees and has been providing external
and internal training programs for employees to build a quality team to meet the development
requirements of the Group.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Corporate Governance Code

The Group is committed to the establishment of good corporate governance practices and
procedures with a view to being a transparent and responsible organization which is open and
accountable to the Shareholders. The Board strives for adhering to the principles of corporate
governance and has adopted sound corporate governance practices to meet the legal and
commercial standards, focusing on areas such as internal control, fair disclosure and accountability
to all Shareholders to ensure the transparency and accountability of all operations of the Group.
The Group believes that effective corporate governance is an essential factor to create more value
for its Shareholders. The Board will continue to review and improve the corporate governance
practices of the Group from time to time to ensure that the Group is led by an effective Board in
order to optimize return for the Shareholders.

During the Reporting Period, the Group has complied with all applicable code provisions set out in
the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules.



                                               – 26 –
As of 31 August 2024, the Group has two executive Directors (including Mr. Li) and three
independent non-executive Directors, who have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business
experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning as
well as a fairly strong independence element in the composition of the Board.

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS OF LISTED
ISSUERS

The Company has also adopted the Model Code as its code of conduct regarding securities
transactions by the Directors.

Having made specific enquiries of all Directors, all of them have confirmed that they have
complied with the Model Code throughout the Reporting Period.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’ S LISTED
SECURITIES

During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased a total of 10,964,000 Shares on the Stock
Exchange for an aggregate consideration of HK$19,703,437 before expenses, of which 5,628,000
Shares were cancelled on 22 August 2024 and 5,336,000 Shares were subsequently cancelled on 4
November 2024.

Details of the Share repurchased during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this
announcement are as follows:

                                                          Highest          Lowest        Aggregate
                                 No. of Shares          price paid      price paid    consideration
Month of repurchase               repurchased           per Share       per Share              paid
                                                            (HK$)           (HK$)            (HK$)

July 2024                            1,032,000               1.98             1.85        1,952,630
August 2024                          9,932,000               1.98             1.51       17,750,807

Total                               10,964,000                                           19,703,437


September 2024                       1,552,000               1.78             1.52        2,507,030

The Directors believe that such Shares repurchased will increase the net asset value per Share and/
or earnings per Share and increase the long-term value to the Shareholders, which is in the interest
of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole.

As at 31 August 2024, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.




                                               – 27 –
Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or
redeemed any of the Company’s securities listed on the Stock Exchange (including selling treasury
shares) during the Reporting Period.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

There were no significant events affecting the Group which have occurred since the end of the
Reporting Period up to the date of this announcement.

AUDIT COMMITTEE AND REVIEW OF ANNUAL RESULTS

The audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”) has reviewed and discussed with
the management in relation to the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Company,
the internal controls and financial report matters, and the Company’s policies and practices
on corporate governance. The annual results of the Group have been reviewed by the Audit
Committee. There is no disagreement by the Audit Committee with the accounting treatment
adopted by the Company.

SCOPE OF WORK FOR ANNUAL RESULTS ANNOUNCEMENT BY AUDITOR

The financial information of the Group for the year ended 31 August 2024 set out in this
announcement does not constitute the Group’s audited accounts for the year ended 31 August
2024, but represents an extract from the consolidated financial statements for the year ended
31 August 2024 which have been audited by the auditor of the Company, Ernst & Young, in
accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. The financial information of the Group for the year ended 31 August 2024 has
been reviewed by the Audit Committee and approved by the Board.

PUBLICATION OF ANNUAL RESULTS AND ANNUAL REPORT

This annual results announcement is published on the websites of the Stock Exchange
(www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.xingaojiao.com). The annual report for the Reporting
Period containing all the information required by Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules is expected to
be available on the same websites in December 2024.




                                             – 28 –
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
YEAR ENDED 31 AUGUST 2024

                                                        2024           2023
                                             Notes   RMB’000        RMB’000

REVENUE                                       4      2,411,710     2,119,140

Cost of sales                                        (1,535,575)   (1,313,136)

Gross profit                                           876,135       806,004

Other income and gains                        4        423,447       407,778
Selling and distribution expenses                      (40,613)      (35,828)
Administrative expenses                               (113,365)      (95,712)
Other expenses                                        (104,676)      (92,823)
Finance costs                                 5       (127,868)     (143,576)

PROFIT BEFORE TAX                             6        913,060       845,843
Income tax expense                            7       (156,986)     (142,554)

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                    756,074       703,289


Attributable to:
 Owners of the parent                                  756,074       703,289

                                                       756,074       703,289


EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
 ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE
 PARENT                                       9

 Basic and diluted (RMB)
 – For profit for the year                                 0.49          0.45




                                    – 29 –
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
YEAR ENDED 31 AUGUST 2024

                                                                     2024        2023
                                                                  RMB’000     RMB’000

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                756,074     703,289


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME THAT WILL
 NOT BE RECLASSIFIED TO PROFIT OR LOSS IN
 SUBSEQUENT PERIODS:
 Exchange differences on translation of financial statements        (9,702)      3,234

Net other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to
 profit or loss in subsequent periods                               (9,702)      3,234

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR,
 NET OF TAX                                                         (9,702)      3,234

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                            746,372     706,523


Attributable to:
 Owners of the parent                                              746,372     706,523

                                                                   746,372     706,523




                                              – 30 –
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
31 AUGUST 2024

                                                                   2024           2023
                                                        Notes   RMB’000        RMB’000

NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                   5,949,729     5,440,611
Investment properties                                             393,364       402,447
Right-of-use assets                                             1,100,718     1,078,491
Goodwill                                                          751,505       752,021
Other intangible assets                                            88,771        83,346
Pledged and restricted deposits                                   100,000       101,000
Other non-current assets                                 10       293,244       192,164

Total non-current assets                                        8,677,331     8,050,080

CURRENT ASSETS
Trade receivables, prepayments, other receivables and
  other assets                                           11       118,244       142,513
Financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss                                                        –        48,789
Pledged and restricted deposits                                   831,389       146,557
Time deposits                                                      10,669             –
Cash and cash equivalents                                       1,379,606       855,060

Total current assets                                            2,339,908     1,192,919

CURRENT LIABILITIES
Contract liabilities                                     12     1,690,074     1,356,250
Other payables and accruals                              13       953,483       976,314
Derivative financial instruments                                   16,169             –
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                      1,486,108     1,153,554
Lease liabilities                                                   4,100         6,414
Deferred income                                                    15,003        14,632
Tax payable                                                       168,298       149,304

Total current liabilities                                       4,333,235     3,656,468

NET CURRENT LIABILITIES                                         (1,993,327)   (2,463,549)

TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                           6,684,004     5,586,531




                                             – 31 –
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)
31 AUGUST 2024

                                                          2024         2023
                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings             2,013,331    1,554,954
Lease liabilities                                          1,297        3,331
Deferred income                                          362,856      310,118
Deferred tax liabilities                                 194,759      185,317

Total non-current liabilities                          2,572,243    2,053,720

Net assets                                             4,111,761    3,532,811


EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                              1,063        1,067
Treasury shares                                           (8,050)           –
Reserves                                               4,118,748    3,531,744

Total equity                                           4,111,761    3,532,811




                                              – 32 –
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
YEAR ENDED 31 AUGUST 2024

1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

      The Company was incorporated as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law of
      the Cayman Islands on 8 July 2016. The registered office address of the Company is Cricket Square, Hutchins
      Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands. The Company was listed on the Main Board
      of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 19 April 2017.

      The Company is an investment holding company. During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively
      referred to as the “Group”) were principally engaged in rendering private education services in the People’s
      Republic of China (the “PRC”).

2.1   BASIS OF PREPARATION

      These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
      (“HKFRSs”) (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting
      Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
      (“HKICPA”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been
      prepared under the historical cost convention, except for financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
      and derivative financial instruments which have been measured at fair value. These financial statements are
      presented in RMB and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

      The Group recorded net current liabilities of RMB1,993,327,000 as at 31 August 2024 (2023:
      RMB2,463,549,000), included in which were contract liabilities of RMB1,690,074,000 as at 31 August 2024
      (2023: RMB1,356,250,000).

      In view of the net current liabilities position, the directors have given careful consideration to the future
      liquidity and performance of the Group and its available sources of finance in assessing whether the Group will
      have sufficient financial resources to continue as a going concern.

      Having considered the cash inflow from operations, the directors are satisfied that the Group is able to meet
      in full its financial obligations as they fall due for the foreseeable future. To mitigate any liquidity issues that
      might be faced by the Group, the Group has obtained adequate banking facilities from reputable financial
      institutions to meet its obligations as and when they fall due.

      Accordingly, the directors are of the opinion that it is appropriate to prepare the financial statements on a going
      concern basis. Should the Group be unable to operate as a going concern, adjustments would have to be made
      to write down the value of assets to their recoverable amounts, and to provide for any further liabilities which
      might arise. The effect of these adjustments has not been reflected in the financial statements.




                                                        – 33 –
2.2   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

      The Group has adopted the following new and revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial
      statements.

      HKFRS 17                                     Insurance Contracts
      Amendment to HKAS 1 and HKFRS                Disclosure of Accounting Policies
       Practice Statement 2
      Amendments to HKAS 8                         Definition of Accounting Estimates
      Amendments to HKAS 12                        Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
                                                     Single Transaction
      Amendments to HKAS 12                        International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules

      The nature and the impact of the new and revised HKFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described
      below:

      (a)   Amendments to HKAS 1 require entities to disclose their material accounting policy information rather
            than their significant accounting policies. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered
            together with other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably be
            expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on
            the basis of those financial statements. Amendments to HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality
            Judgements provide non-mandatory guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting
            policy disclosures. The Group has disclosed the material accounting policy information to the financial
            statements. The amendments did not have any impact on the measurement, recognition or presentation
            of any items in the Group’s financial statements.

      (b)   Amendments to HKAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes
            in accounting policies. Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in financial statements
            that are subject to measurement uncertainty. The amendments also clarify how entities use measurement
            techniques and inputs to develop accounting estimates. Since the Group’s approach and policy align with
            the amendments, the amendments had no impact on the Group’s financial statements.

      (c)   Amendments to HKAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
            Transaction narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception in HKAS 12 so that it no longer applies
            to transactions that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences, such as leases and
            decommissioning obligations. Therefore, entities are required to recognise a deferred tax asset (provided
            that sufficient taxable profit is available) and a deferred tax liability for temporary differences arising
            from these transactions. The Group has applied the amendments on temporary differences related to
            leases as at 1 January 2022, and the amendments did not have any impact on the balance of retained
            profits or other component of equity as appropriate at that date. In addition, the Group has applied the
            amendments prospectively to transactions other than leases that occurred on or after 1 January 2022, if
            any.




                                                      – 34 –
     (d)   Amendments to HKAS 12 International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules introduce a
           mandatory temporary exception from the recognition and disclosure of deferred taxes arising from the
           implementation of the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation
           and Development. The amendments also introduce disclosure requirements for the affected entities to
           help users of the financial statements better understand the entities’ exposure to Pillar Two income taxes,
           including the disclosure of current tax related to Pillar Two income taxes separately in the periods when
           Pillar Two legislation is effective and the disclosure of known or reasonably estimable information of
           their exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in periods in which the legislation is enacted or substantively
           enacted but not yet in effect. The Group has applied the amendments retrospectively. Since the Group
           did not fall within the scope of the Pillar Two model rules, the amendments did not have any impact to
           the Group.

3.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

     The Group is principally engaged in the provision of education services in the PRC.

     HKFRS 8 Operating Segments requires operating segments to be identified on the basis of internal reporting
     about components of the Group that are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision-maker in order to
     allocate resources to segments and to assess their performance. The information reported to the directors of the
     Company, who are the chief operating decision-makers, for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment
     of performance, does not contain discrete operating segment financial information and the directors reviewed
     the financial results of the Group as a whole. Therefore, no further information about the operating segment is
     presented.

     Geographical information

     During the year, the Group operated within one geographical location because all of its revenues were generated
     in the PRC and all of its long-term assets/capital expenditures were located/incurred in the PRC. Accordingly,
     no geographical information is presented.

     Information about major customers

     No revenue from sales to a single customer amounted to 10% or more of the total revenue of the Group during
     the year.




                                                     – 35 –
4.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

     An analysis of revenue is as follows:

                                                                                    2024                2023
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

     Revenue from contracts with customers
     Tuition fees                                                                2,147,778           1,897,582
     Boarding fees                                                                 263,932             221,558

     Total revenue                                                               2,411,710           2,119,140

     Revenue from contracts with customers

     (i)    Disaggregated revenue information

                                                                                    2024                2023
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

            Type of services
            Education services                                                   2,411,710           2,119,140


            Geographical market
            Mainland China                                                       2,411,710           2,119,140


            Timing of revenue recognition
            Services transferred over time                                       2,411,710           2,119,140

            The following table shows the amount of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that was
            included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:

                                                                                    2024                2023
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

            Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities at
             the beginning of the reporting period:
            Education services                                                   1,356,250             973,335




                                                      – 36 –
     (ii)    Performance obligations

             The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and tuition and boarding fees
             are generally received in advance prior to the beginning of each academic year.

             At 31 August 2024, all amounts of transaction prices related to performance obligations are expected
             to be recognised as revenue within one year and as permitted under HKFRS 15, the transaction price
             allocated to these unsatisfied contracts (or partially unsatisfied) is not disclosed.

                                                                                         2024                 2023
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000

             Other income and gains
             Service income                                                             177,153             162,957
             Rental income                                                              135,124             125,164
             Donation income (Note (a))                                                  49,827              57,982
             Government grants                                                           30,871              22,479
             Bank interest income                                                        20,590              21,612
             Fair value gains, net:
               Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                          –                1,142
             Foreign exchange gain                                                        1,040                    –
             Gain on wealth investment products                                             637                  677
             Others                                                                       8,205               15,765

             Total other income and gains                                               423,447             407,778

             Note (a):     The amount primarily consists of external donations of electronic devices and software
                           related to teaching activities to promote integration between industry and education and
                           cooperation between enterprises and colleges.

5.   FINANCE COSTS

     An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

                                                                                         2024                 2023
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000

     Interest on bank loans and other loans                                             159,489             177,140
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                          289                 565

     Total interest expense on financial liabilities not at fair value through
       profit or loss                                                                   159,778             177,705
     Less: Interest capitalised                                                         (31,910)            (34,129)

     Total                                                                              127,868             143,576




                                                        – 37 –
6.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX

     The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                        2024                 2023
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

     Cost of services provided                                                       1,535,575            1,313,136

     Employee benefit expense (excluding directors’ and chief executive’s
      remuneration):
      Wages and salaries                                                               871,680             767,560
      Equity-settled share option expense                                                    –               1,697
      Pension scheme contributions (defined contribution scheme)*                       66,828              58,314

         Total                                                                         938,508             827,571

     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                     236,774              200,583
     Depreciation of investment properties                                               9,083                9,860
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                36,566               34,111
     Amortisation of other intangible assets                                            27,888               25,680
     Research costs                                                                      2,311                3,869
     Rental income                                                                    (135,124)            (125,164)
     Government grants                                                                 (30,871)             (22,479)
     Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                   199                  167
     Auditor’s remuneration                                                              4,500                4,500
     Bank interest income                                                              (20,590)             (21,612)
     Foreign exchange differences, net                                                  (1,040)              24,951
     Impairment allowance for trade receivables, prepayments, other
       receivables and other assets                                                      1,027                  942
     Impairment of goodwill                                                                516                    -
     Fair value (gains)/losses, net:
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                               888               (1,142)
       Derivative instruments – transactions not qualifying as hedges                   16,169                    -
     Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                          1,159                2,991

     *       There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the
             existing level of contributions.

7.   INCOME TAX

     The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under the
     Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and accordingly is not subject to income tax.

     No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made as the Group had no assessable profits derived from or
     earned in Hong Kong during the year.

     According to the Decision of the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress on Amending the
     Private Schools Promotion Law, which was promulgated on 7 November 2016 (the “2016 Decision”), and
     came into force on 1 September 2017, private schools are no longer being classified as either schools for
     which the school sponsor(s) require reasonable returns or schools for which the school sponsor(s) do not
     require reasonable returns. Instead, the school sponsor(s) of a private school may choose for the school to be
     a for-profit private school or a non-profit private school, with the exception that schools providing nine-year
     compulsory education must be non-profit.




                                                       – 38 –
     On 14 May 2021, the State Council released the Implementation Rules for the Law for Promoting Private
     Education of the PRC with an effective date of 1 September 2021 (the “2021 Implementation Rules”). The
     2021 Implementation Rules are the detailed implementation rules of the Law for Promoting Private Education
     of the PRC. Pursuant to the 2016 Decision and the 2021 Implementation Rules, a private school may enjoy the
     preferential tax policies, which are not defined under the 2016 Decision nor the 2021 Implementation Rules,
     as stipulated by the related government authorities and a non-profit school may enjoy the same tax policies as
     enjoyed by a public school.

     As at the date of approval of these financial statements, the Group’s schools in the People’s Republic of China
     are still in the process of classification registrations.

     According to the Circular on Issues Concerning Tax Policies for the In-depth Implementation of Western
     Development Strategies, certain qualifying entities/schools of the Group that are located in Yunnan, Guizhou,
     Guangxi, Gansu, Hubei Province and the Tibet Autonomous Region engaged in the encouraged business are
     entitled to a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15%. Huihuang Company was subject to the PRC income
     tax at 9% under the Tibet Autonomous Region’s preferential investment policies for the year ended 31 August
     2024. According to the Preferential Policies for Key Pilot Zone of Development and Opening Up (“重點開發
     開放試驗區”) in Ruili City, Yunnan Province, certain subsidiaries located in Ruili are entitled to a preferential
     corporate income tax rate of 9%. Other entities/schools of the Group established in Mainland China are subject
     to corporate income tax at a rate of 25% on their respective taxable income.

     Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the jurisdictions in
     which the Group operates.

                                                                                         2024                  2023
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000

     Current
     Charge for the year                                                                147,544              179,015
     Deferred                                                                             9,442              (36,461)

     Total tax charge for the year                                                      156,986              142,554

8.   DIVIDENDS

     The proposed final dividend for the year is subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders at the
     forthcoming annual general meeting and will be payable in form of new fully paid scrip shares of the Company
     in lieu of cash.

     The interim and final dividend for 2023 was settled in cash.




                                                      – 39 –
9.   EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

     The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable to ordinary
     equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 1,554,250,963 (2023:
     1,557,025,630) in issue during the year.

     The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable to
     ordinary equity holders of the parent where applicable (see below). The weighted average number of ordinary
     shares used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year, as used in the basic
     earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued
     at no consideration on the deemed exercise or conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary
     shares.

     The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                           2024                  2023
                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

     Earnings
     Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, used in the
       basic earnings per share calculation                                               756,074              703,289

                                                                                         Number of shares
                                                                                           2024              2023
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

     Shares
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the
       year used in the basic earnings per share calculation*                      1,554,250,963         1,557,025,630

     Effect of dilution – weighted average number of ordinary shares:
       Share options**                                                                           –                     –


     Total                                                                         1,554,250,963         1,557,025,630

     *       The weighted average number of shares was after taking into account the effect of treasury shares held.

     **      The effect of share options on the basic earnings per share for the year ended 31 August 2024 and year
             ended 31 August 2023 were ignored in the calculation of diluted earnings per share as the impact of the
             share options outstanding had an anti-dilutive effect on the basic earnings per share amounts presented.




                                                        – 40 –
10.   OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                                           2024                  2023
                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

      Prepayment for land use rights                                                      262,318              185,176
      Prepayment for property, plant and equipment                                         30,926                6,988

      Total                                                                               293,244              192,164

11.   TRADE RECEIVABLES, PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                           2024                  2023
                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

      Trade receivables                                                                      5,439              19,503
      Less: allowance for credit losses                                                     (1,387)             (4,924)

      Net carrying amount                                                                   4,052               14,579


      Advance and other receivables                                                        75,220               75,861
      Prepaid expenses                                                                      7,716               11,962
      Deposits and other miscellaneous receivables                                         24,767               30,401
      Staff advances                                                                        6,489                9,710

                                                                                          118,244              142,513

      An impairment analysis for trade receivables is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix
      to measure expected credit losses. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various
      customer segments with similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type and rating). The calculation reflects the
      probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable information that is
      available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.




                                                       – 41 –
Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a
provision matrix:

31 August 2024

                                                                       Past due
                                               Less than       1 to         2 to       3 to       Over
                                    Current       1 year    2 years      3 years    4 years     4 years         Total

Expected credit loss rate                 –       0.29%      0.98%      42.66%      60.72%     100.00%        25.50%
Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)           –        2,380        915         661       1,003         480         5,439
Expected credit losses (RMB’000)          –            7          9         282         609         480         1,387

31 August 2023

                                                                       Past due
                                               Less than        1 to        2 to       3 to       Over
                                     Current      1 year     2 years     3 years    4 years     4 years         Total

Expected credit loss rate                  –      0.78%      2.50%       43.52%     75.63%     100.00%        25.25%
Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)            –       9,115      4,365        1,783      1,116       3,124        19,503
Expected credit losses (RMB’000)           –          71        109          776        844       3,124         4,924

An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the transaction date
and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                      2024                    2023
                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000

Within 1 year                                                                          2,373                   9,044
1 to 2 years                                                                             906                   4,256
2 to 3 years                                                                             379                   1,007
Over 3 years                                                                             394                     272

Total                                                                                  4,052                  14,579

The movements in the allowance for credit losses in respect of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                               Trade
                                                                                                          receivables
                                                                                                            RMB’000

At 1 September 2022                                                                                            7,327
Impairment loss recognised during the year                                                                       942
Write-off during the year                                                                                     (3,345)

At 31 August 2023 and 1 September 2023                                                                         4,924

Impairment loss recognised during the year                                                                     1,027
Write-off during the year                                                                                     (4,564)

At 31 August 2024
                                                                                                               1,387




                                                 – 42 –
12.   CONTRACT LIABILITIES

      Details of contract liabilities are as follows:

                                                                 31 August             31 August          1 September
                                                                      2024                 2023                  2022
                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000

      Tuition fees                                                1,479,013            1,169,514              855,857
      Boarding fees                                                 211,061              186,736              117,478

      Total contract liabilities                                  1,690,074            1,356,250              973,335

      Contract liabilities include short-term advances received from students in relation to the proportionate services
      not yet provided. The Group receives tuition and boarding fees from students in advance prior to the beginning
      of each academic year. Tuition and boarding fees are recognised proportionately over the relevant period of the
      applicable programme. Students are entitled to a refund of the payment in relation to the proportionate services
      not yet provided.

      The increase in contract liabilities as at 31 August 2024 and 2023 was mainly due to the increase of advances of
      tuition and boarding fees from students.

13.   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

      Payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment                             212,204              207,010
      Dividends payable                                                                  149,304              185,820
      Other payables                                                                     137,443              147,471
      Accrued bonuses and social insurance                                               121,850               88,463
      Miscellaneous expenses received from students (Note (a))                           109,526              109,916
      Government subsidies payable to students and teachers                               87,090               98,480
      Deposits                                                                            66,563               72,087
      Advance from lessees                                                                53,943               54,025
      Accrued expenses                                                                    11,332                9,311
      Payables to cooperative schools                                                      4,228                3,731

      Total                                                                              953,483              976,314

      The above balances are unsecured and non-interest-bearing. The carrying amount of other payables and accruals
      at the end of the year approximated to their fair value due to their short-term maturity.

      Note (a): The amount represents the miscellaneous expenses received from students which will be paid on
                behalf of the students.




                                                        – 43 –
DEFINITIONS

In this announcement, the following expressions shall have the following meanings unless the
context requires otherwise:

“associate(s)”             has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Bei Ai Company”           Beijing Aiyinsheng Education Investment Co., Ltd.* (北京愛因生教
                           育投資有限責任公司), a limited liability company established under
                           the laws of the PRC on 16 October 2012, and wholly owned by Yun
                           Ai Group. Bei Ai Company is the sole sponsor of Gansu School

“Beijing Daai Gaoxue”      Beijing Daai Gaoxue Education Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京大愛高
                           學教育科技有限公司), a limited liability company established in the
                           PRC on 23 March 2018. It is wholly owned by Yun Ai Group

“Board” or “Board of       the board of Directors of the Company
  Directors”

“Business Cooperation      the business cooperation agreement entered into by and among
  Agreement (2019)”        Huihuang Company, the PRC Consolidated Affiliated Entities and the
                           Registered Shareholders

“Central China School”     Hubei Enshi College* (湖北恩施學院), formerly known as Science
                           and Technology College of Hubei Minzu University* (湖北民族大
                           學科技學院), an institution of higher education established under
                           the laws of the PRC in 2003. Central China School is a consolidated
                           affiliated entity of the Company

“China” or “PRC”           the People’s Republic of China excluding for the purpose of this
                           announcement, Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative
                           Region and Taiwan

“Company”                  China New Higher Education Group Limited (中國新高教集團有
                           限公司), an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands
                           with limited liability on 8 July 2016

“Controlling               has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules
  Shareholder(s)”

“Director(s)”              the directors of the Company

“Directors’ Powers of      the school directors’ power of attorney to be executed by each of the
  Attorney (2019)”         directors of each PRC Operating Schools




                                            – 44 –
“Enchang Company”        Enshi Autonomous Prefecture Changqing Education Development
                         Co., Ltd.* (恩施自治州常青教育發展有限責任公司), a limited
                         liability company established under the laws of the PRC on 13
                         November 2014. It is wholly owned by Yun Ai Group. Enchang
                         Company is the sole sponsor of Central China School

“Equity Pledge           the equity pledge agreement entered into by and among the Registered
  Agreement (2019)”      Shareholders, Yun Ai Group, Huihuang Company and other parties

“Exclusive Call Option   the exclusive call option agreement entered into by and among
  Agreement (2019)”      Huihuang Company, the PRC Consolidated Affiliated Entities and the
                         Registered Shareholders

“Exclusive Technical     the exclusive technical service and management consultancy
  Service and            agreement entered into by and among Huihuang Company and the
  Management             PRC Consolidated Affiliated Entities
  Consultancy
  Agreement (2019)”

“Gansu School”           Lanzhou College of Information Science and Technology* (蘭州
                         信息科技學院), formerly known as College of Technology and
                         Engineering of Lanzhou University of Technology* (蘭州理工大學
                         技術工程學院), an institution of higher education established under
                         the laws of the PRC in 2004. Gansu School is a consolidated affiliated
                         entity of the Company

“Group”, “we” or “us”    the Company, its subsidiaries, the PRC Operating Schools and the
                         consolidated affiliated entities from time to time, or, where the
                         context so requires in respect of the period before the Company
                         became the holding company of the present subsidiaries, the entities
                         which carried on the business of the present Group at the relevant
                         time

“Guangxi Schools”        collectively refers to Guangxi Yinghua International Occupation
                         College* (廣西英華國際職業學院), Guangxi Qinzhou Yinghua
                         International Occupation and Technology School* (廣西欽州英華
                         國際職業技術學校) and Guangxi Yinghua International Occupation
                         Middle School* (廣西英華國際職業學院附屬中學). Guangxi
                         Schools are consolidated affiliated entities of the Company

“Guizhou School”         Guizhou Technology and Business Institute* (貴州工商職業學院),
                         a private institution of formal higher education established under the
                         laws of the PRC on 3 July 2012 and a consolidated affiliated entity of
                         the Company




                                          – 45 –
“Haxuan Company”          Harbin Xuande Technology Co., Ltd.* (哈爾濱軒德科技有限公司),
                          a limited liability company established under the laws of the PRC on
                          19 April 2016. Haxuan Company is the sole sponsor of the Northeast
                          School

“Henan Rongyu”            Henan Rongyu Education Consulting Co., Ltd.* (河南榮豫教育諮
                          詢有限公司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on
                          2 March 2017, and wholly-owned by Beijing Daai Gaoxue. Henan
                          Rongyu is the sole sponsor of the Luoyang School

“HK$”, “Hong Kong         Hong Kong dollars and cents respectively, the lawful currency for the
  dollar(s)”, “HKD” or    time being of Hong Kong
  “cents”

“Hong Kong” or “HK”       the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Huihuang Company”        Tibet Daai Huihuang Information and Technology Co., Ltd.* (西藏
                          大愛輝煌信息科技有限公司), a limited liability company established
                          under the laws of the PRC on 5 August 2016, which is a wholly
                          owned subsidiary of the Group

“Listing Rules”           the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange,
                          as amended from time to time

“Loan Agreement (2019)”   a loan agreement entered into by and among Huihuang Company, the
                          PRC Operating Schools and Yun Ai Group

“Luoyang School”          Luoyang Science and Technology Vocational College* (洛陽科技職
                          業學院), a private institution of formal higher education established
                          under the laws of the PRC in June 2013. Luoyang School is a
                          consolidated affiliated entity of the Company

“Ministry of Education”   the Ministry of Education of the PRC

“Model Code”              the model code for securities transactions by directors of listed issuers
                          as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Mr. Li”                  Mr. Li Xiaoxuan (李孝軒), the founder, one of the Controlling
                          Shareholders, chairman of the Board and an executive Director of the
                          Company

“Northeast School”        Harbin Huade University* (哈爾濱華德學院), a private institute
                          of higher education established under the laws of the PRC in 2004.
                          Northeast School is a consolidated affiliated entity of the Company




                                            – 46 –
“PRC Consolidated          namely, the School Sponsors and the PRC Operating Schools, each
  Affiliated Entities”     a consolidated affiliated entity of the Company and other investment
                           holding companies which were consolidated to the Group by virtue of
                           the Structured Contracts, as amended from time to time

“PRC Legal Advisors”       Commerce & Finance Law Offices, the Company’s legal advisors as
                           to PRC Laws

“PRC Operating Schools”    the consolidated affiliated entities, namely, Yunnan School, Guizhou
                           School, Gansu School, Luoyang School, Northeast School, Guangxi
                           Schools, Central China School and Zhengzhou School and other
                           schools which were consolidated to the Group by virtue of the
                           Structured Contracts

“Qinzhou Yinghua”          Qinzhou Yinghua Datang Education Investment Company Limited*
                           (欽州英華大唐教育投資有限公司), a limited liability company
                           established under the laws of the PRC on 25 August 2017 and wholly
                           owned by Songming Xinju. Qinzhou Yinghua is the sole sponsor of
                           the Guangxi Schools

“Registered                Kunming Paiduipai Economic Information Consultancy Co., Ltd.,
  Shareholders”            Kunming Bamupu Technology Co., Ltd., Songming Dexue and
                           Songming Zhongyi Enterprise Management and Consulting Services
                           Co., Ltd.

“Reporting Period”         the year ended 31 August 2024

“RMB” or “Renminbi”        Renminbi, the lawful currency for the time being of the PRC

“School Sponsors”          the current school sponsors, Yun Ai Group, Henan Rongyu, Haxuan
                           Company, Qinzhou Yinghua, Enchang Company, Zhengzhou New
                           Higher Education, Bei Ai Company, and other school sponsors which
                           were consolidated to the Group by virtue of the Structured Contracts

“School Sponsors’          the school sponsors’ and directors’ rights entrustment agreement
  and Directors’           entered into by and among School Sponsors, the PRC Operating
  Rights Entrustment       Schools, the relevant directors appointed by the School Sponsors and
  Agreement (2019)”        Huihuang Company

“School Sponsors’ Powers   the school sponsors’ power of attorney executed by the School
  of Attorney (2019)”      Sponsors in favor of Huihuang Company

“Share(s)”                 ordinary share(s) of US$0.0001 each in the share capital of the
                           Company




                                           – 47 –
“Shareholder(s)”           holder(s) of the Share(s)

“Shareholders’ Powers of   the shareholders’ power of attorney executed by the Registered
  Attorney (2019)”         Shareholders and Yun Ai Group and other shareholders which were
                           consolidated to the Group by virtue of the Structured Contracts in
                           favor of Huihuang Company

“Shareholders’             the shareholders’ rights entrustment agreement entered into by
  Rights Entrustment       and among the Registered Shareholders, the School Sponsors and
  Agreement (2019)”        Huihuang Company

“Songming Dexue”           Songming Dexue Education Development Co., Ltd.* (嵩明德學教
                           育發展有限公司), a limited liability company established under
                           the laws of the PRC on 17 April 2019 and wholly owned by Mr. Li.
                           Songming Dexue is one of the Registered Shareholders and owns
                           70.8305% equity interest of Yun Ai Group

“Spouse’s Undertakings     the spouse undertakings executed by Ms. Yang Xuqing, the spouse of
  (2019)”                  Mr. Li

“Stock Exchange”           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Structured Contracts”     collectively refers to, the Business Cooperation Agreement (2019),
                           the Exclusive Technical Service and Management Consultancy
                           Agreement (2019), the Exclusive Call Option Agreement (2019),
                           the Equity Pledge Agreement (2019), the Shareholders’ Rights
                           Entrustment Agreement (2019), the School Sponsors’ and Directors’
                           Rights Entrustment Agreement (2019), the School Sponsors’ Powers
                           of Attorney (2019), the Directors’ Powers of Attorney (2019), the
                           Shareholders’ Powers of Attorney (2019), the Loan Agreement (2019)
                           and the Spouse’s Undertakings (2019), and the various agreements
                           entered into their connection, further details of which are set out
                           in the announcements of the Company dated 26 August 2019, 6
                           December 2019, 8 May 2020, 29 July 2020, 27 August 2020, 4
                           February 2021, 20 April 2021, 25 May 2021, 28 September 2021 and
                           19 November 2021, respectively

“subsidiary(ies)”          has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“USD” or “US$”             United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States




                                            – 48 –
“Yun Ai Group”               Yunnan Einsun Education Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (雲南愛因
                             森教育投資集團有限公司), a limited liability company established
                             under the laws of the PRC on 19 September 2005, which is owned
                             as to 20.0568% by Kunming Paiduipai Economic Information
                             Consultancy Co., Ltd., 5.7305% by Kunming Bamupu Technology
                             Co., Ltd., 70.8305% by Songming Dexue and 3.3822% by Songming
                             Zhongyi Enterprise Management and Consulting Services Co., Ltd.
                             and the sole sponsor of Yunnan School and Guizhou School

“Yunnan School”              Yunnan Technology and Business University* (雲南工商學院)
                             (formerly known as Yunnan Einsun Software Vocational College* (雲
                             南愛因森軟件職業學院) (“Software College”)), a private institution
                             of formal higher education established under the laws of the PRC in
                             2005, and a consolidated affiliated entity of the Company

“Zhengzhou New Higher        Zhengzhou New Higher Education Technology Limited* (鄭州新
  Education”                 高教教育科技有限公司), a company established in the PRC with
                             limited liability, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Yun Ai
                             Group and the sole sponsor of Zhengzhou School

“Zhengzhou School”           Zhengzhou City Vocational College* (鄭州城市職業學院), a private
                             higher vocational college located in Zhengzhou, Henan Province, the
                             PRC and a consolidated affiliated entity of the Company

“%”                          percent

If there is any inconsistency between the Chinese names of entities or enterprises established in the
PRC and their English translations, the Chinese names shall prevail. The English translations of
company or entity names in Chinese marked with “*” are for identification purposes only.

                                                           By order of the Board of
                                                  China New Higher Education Group Limited
                                                                Li Xiaoxuan
                                                                 Chairman

Hong Kong, 28 November 2024

As at the date of this announcement, the executive Directors are Mr. Li Xiaoxuan and Mr. Zhao
Shuai; and the independent non-executive Directors are Mr. Kwong Wai Sun Wilson, Mr. Chan
Tung Hoi and Dr. Pang Tsz Kit Peter.




                                               – 49 –
