CONTENTS
  2   Corporate information

  4   Chairperson’s statement

  5   Business review and outlook

 11   Management discussion and analysis

 19   Directors’ report

 32   Directors and senior management

 36   Corporate governance report

 54   Other information

 61   Independent auditor’s report

 66   Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
        comprehensive income

 67   Consolidated statement of financial position

 69   Consolidated statement of changes in equity

 70   Consolidated statement of cash flows

 72   Notes to the consolidated financial statements

125   Financial summary

126   Definitions




                                                           Annual Report 2024   1
    CORPORATE INFORMATION



    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                           HEADQUARTERS
    Executive Directors                          22/F, Tower 12, Wanda Plaza
                                                 No. 93 Jianguo Road
    Mr. Pu Shulin
                                                 Chaoyang District
     (Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer)
                                                 Beijing, China
    Ms. Jacqueline Luo
    Mr. Wu Ye
                                                 PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
    Mr. Lau Chi Hung
                                                 Room 1918, 19/F, Lee Garden One
    Independent non-executive Directors          33 Hysan Avenue
                                                 Causeway Bay
    Mr. Zhang Jizhong
                                                 Hong Kong
    Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis
    Mr. Huang Yu
                                                 REGISTERED OFFICE
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                              190 Elgin Avenue, George Town
                                                 Grand Cayman KY1-9008
    Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis (Chairperson)
                                                 Cayman Islands
    Mr. Zhang Jizhong
    Mr. Huang Yu
                                                 AUDITOR
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                       Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                 Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
    Mr. Huang Yu (Chairperson)
                                                 35/F One Pacific Place
    Mr. Pu Shulin
                                                 88 Queensway
    Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis
                                                 Central, Hong Kong
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                 LEGAL ADVISERS
    Mr. Pu Shulin (Chairperson)
                                                 As to Hong Kong and U.S. laws
    Mr. Zhang Jizhong
                                                 Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom and affiliates
    Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis
                                                 42/F, Edinburgh Tower, The Landmark
                                                 15 Queen’s Road Central
    COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                 Hong Kong
    Mr. Lau Chi Hung
                                                 As to PRC law
    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                   Commerce & Finance Law Offices
                                                 12/F – 14/F, China World Office 2
    Mr. Pu Shulin
                                                 No. 1 Jianguomenwai Avenue
    Mr. Lau Chi Hung
                                                 Chaoyang District, Beijing, PRC

                                                 As to Cayman Islands law
                                                 Walkers (Hong Kong)
                                                 15/F, Alexandra House
                                                 18 Chater Road, Central, Hong Kong




2   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                   CORPORATE INFORMATION




HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong

PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
TRANSFER OFFICE
Walkers Corporate Limited
190 Elgin Avenue, George Town
Grand Cayman KY1-9008
Cayman Islands

PRINCIPAL BANKS
DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
Bank of China (HK) Ltd.

STOCK CODE
1981

COMPANY WEBSITE
www.cathaymedia.com




                                          Annual Report 2024   3
    CHAIRPERSON’S STATEMENT


    Dear Shareholders,

    The Group turned its results around from a loss of RMB181.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2023
    to a profit of RMB116.9 million for the Reporting Period. As a result, the Board proposed to distribute a final
    dividend of HK$0.03 per Share and a special dividend of HK$0.03 per Share for the Reporting Period, amounting
    to approximately HKD99.3 million in aggregate, subject to Shareholders’ approval at the forthcoming annual
    general meeting.

    We expect our higher education (media and arts) and vocational education business will continue to contribute
    as a stable source of revenue and cash flows to the Group. Currently, our University has approximately 30,000
    students in aggregate. The Group intends to further expand its capacity and the expected total capacity
    may exceed 50,000 students in the future. We will also continue to promote the integration of industry and
    education in order to create more internships and job opportunities for our students.

    By leveraging the Group’s high-quality resources in the area of media and arts and cooperating with a well-
    known PRC artificial intelligence (“AI”) technology company, the Group will focus on the development in three
    major areas, which cover i) media and arts education, ii) pay-for-knowledge and vertical e-commerce, and
    iii) AI professors and AI arts courses, in order to build an ecosystem which integrates “policy compliance,
    technological innovation, and commercial realization” and establish a distinct competitive advantage in the AI
    education, particularly in the area of media and arts.

    In recent years, affected by the overall downturn in the TV/film production industry in China, the trade and other
    receivables of our TV/film production and investment business have recorded significant impairments, thereby
    impacting the Group’s results performance in recent years. With the turnaround to profitability in 2024 and our
    strategic development of the three major business areas as mentioned above, we are confident that the Group’s
    future development and performance will have bright prospects, and may enhance the return for Shareholders.

    I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our Shareholders and our partners
    including students, parents, suppliers, bankers, professional parties and local government authorities for your
    continuous trust, support and assistance. I would also like to thank our Board members, senior management
    and staff for their endeavours and contributions to our Group.




    Pu Shulin
    Chairperson of the Board

    28 March 2025




4   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK



BUSINESS REVIEW
During the Reporting Period, the Company changed its name from “Cathay Media and Education Group Inc.”
to “Cathay Group Holdings Inc.” and its dual foreign name from “華夏視聽教育集團” to “華夏集團控股有限公
司”, and its English and Chinese short stock names for trading in the securities of the Company on the Stock
Exchange from “CATHAY EDU” and “華夏視聽教育” to “CATHAY GP HLDGS” and “華夏控股”, respectively. For
details of the change of company name, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 1 March 2024, 10
April 2024 and 25 June 2024, and the circular dated 15 March 2024.

The Board considers that the Company’s new name better reflects the current business mix, strategic business
plan and future development direction of the Group. The Board also believes that the Company’s new name will
better promote the Group’s corporate image for its future business development. Currently, the Company is an
investment holding company and the Group is principally engaged in the businesses of higher education (media
and arts) and vocational education, and entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce in the PRC.

Higher education (media and arts) and vocational education
CUCN
According to the Chinese Universities Alumni Association, CUCN ranked first among media and arts private
universities in China in 2024. As at 31 December 2024, the Group had approximately 29,742 students, including
25,157 undergraduates, 4,057 vocational education students and 528 international preparatory students. The
above number of undergraduates no longer contained undergraduates enrolled by Olympic College under our
University’s management and accordingly, the total number of our University’s students recorded a year-on-
year growth of approximately 3.6%.

Currently, CUCN offers more than 50 undergraduate majors, covering multiple media and art fields. Among
them, 16 majors were appraised as the first tier at the provincial level of Jiangsu and 4 of which were appraised
as the first tier at the national level. Our high-quality courses, ingenious ideas and excellent teaching results
made CUCN unique, competitive and attractive.

Our international preparatory programs are supported by our cooperation with more than 80 leading media and
art colleges across the world. Students enrolled in these programs can study at the overseas universities we
cooperate with to continue their undergraduate courses after completing relevant courses.

Our vocational education programs serve adult students to further develop skills for a new job, develop a
personal interest, or obtain a degree. We provide self-taught examination preparation program（自考助學課程）
to the aforementioned adult students.

Olympic College
In order to facilitate the restructuring in connection with the sale and purchase agreement (the “Agreement”)
entered into in June 2021 with certain independent third parties, including the transferor (the “Transferor”) for
the acquisition of Olympic College (the “Acquisition”), the Group also entered into two bridging loan agreements
(the “Loan Agreements”) for the principal amounts of RMB250 million and RMB170 million (the “Bridging
Loans”), respectively, to be extended to the Transferor. The Group is entitled to set-off the consideration
payable to the Transferor under the Agreement against any amount due to the Group from the Transferor or
its associates under the Loan Agreements. According to the terms of the Acquisition, as the conditions of
the second payment could not be satisfied on or before 20 June 2024 (i.e. within 36 months from the date of
Agreement), the consideration for the Acquisition shall be adjusted from RMB450 million to RMB250 million
(the “Adjusted Consideration”). Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 22 June 2021 and 19
August 2021 for details.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   5
    BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




    On one hand, given that certain conditions precedent required for the Acquisition have not been completed
    as at the date of this report, the Group has been liaising with the Transferor, with the assistance of the local
    government authorities, to complete the Acquisition in order to set-off the Adjusted Consideration payable to
    the Transferor against the Bridging Loan of RMB250 million. On the other hand, the Group has initiated legal
    proceedings in order to recover the Bridging Loan of RMB170 million and obtained a judgment in favour of the
    Group from the relevant PRC arbitration committee.

    As at 31 December 2024, the total amount of RMB420 million for the Bridging Loans was included in other
    receivables in the Company’s consolidated statement of financial position and the accumulated impairment
    losses recognised on the Bridging Loans amounted to RMB240.7 million (as at 31 December 2023: RMB161.3
    million). The impairment losses on the Bridging Loans have been provided based on the fair value of Olympic
    College and the security provided for the Bridging Loans estimated by an independent professional valuer, and
    details of the valuation are set out in “Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal”
    under the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis”.

    Segment performance
    During the Reporting Period, our higher education (media and arts) and vocational education segment recorded
    a total revenue of RMB671.3 million, representing a year-over-year growth of 13.2%. Compared to that for the
    year ended 31 December 2023, revenue from undergraduate programs increased by RMB94.3 million, or 23.5%,
    to RMB494.6 million for the Reporting Period, primarily due to the increase in tuition fees for undergraduates
    who enrolled with effect from the 2023/2024 school year. Such increase was partially off-set by a decrease in
    entrance examination fee and other income by RMB28.3 million during the Reporting Period. The segment profit
    of our higher education (media and arts) and vocational education business increased from RMB182.4 million
    for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB246.3 million for the Reporting Period, primarily due to i) the
    increase in revenue from undergraduate programmes and ii) the decrease in impairment losses on the Bridging
    Loans. Excluding the relevant impairment losses on Bridging Loans, the segment profit of our higher education
    (media and arts) and vocational education business for the Reporting Period would be adjusted to RMB325.7
    million.

    Entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce
    We commenced our livestreaming e-commerce and artist management business in May 2023. Our
    entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce segment currently comprises livestreaming e-commerce and
    artist management business as well as TV/film production and investment business.

    Livestreaming e-commerce and artist management
    Apart from promoting and selling products through livestreaming and short videos, the Group also cooperated
    with certain advertising and media companies to arrange for its well-known artist, Ms. Qi Wei, to endorse and
    promote different products for a number of reputable brands during the Reporting Period. These products
    mainly include daily necessities, new energy vehicles, maternal and infant products, clothing, handsets and
    online games. In addition, each of Ms. Qi Wei and her spouse, Mr. Li Chengxuan (one of the artists of the Group)
    participated in variety shows in certain media platforms in China during the Reporting Period. The Group has
    also established a cooperative relationship with Mr. Liu Wei, a well-known artist and celebrity streamer in
    China, in livestreaming e-commerce business.

    In June 2024, the Group entered into a cooperative agreement with a well-known internet and technology
    company, pursuant to which both parties agreed to cooperate in livestreaming e-commerce for e-sports events
    of a popular online game and related activities.




6   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                              BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




Revenue from our livestreaming e-commerce and artist management business mainly comprised product
endorsement and promotion fees, sales commission and promotion fees from livestreaming sessions and short
videos. During the Reporting Period, our livestreaming e-commerce and artist management business recorded
a total revenue of RMB111.0 million, as compared to RMB81.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2023.

TV/film production and investment
As mentioned in the Company’s 2023 annual report and 2024 interim report, traditional advertising income
of the TV/film broadcast channels in China has generally declined in recent years, which has affected the
decisions of the TV/film broadcast channels on both timing and prices for purchasing TV/film series on the
market. Moreover, the competitive environment of the TV/film production industry in China has become
more intense in recent years and has been facing many challenges and uncertainties, including prolonged
distribution process, extended receivables collection period and decreasing distribution prices of TV/film
series.

During the Reporting Period, there was no first-round distribution of TV/film series, whereas the Group recorded
a revenue from the first round distribution of the TV series Lady’s Character（女士的品格）(40% invested by the
Group in 2021) for the year ended 31 December 2023. Primarily due to the above reason, revenue from our TV/
film production and investment business for the Reporting Period decreased by RMB85.0 million.

The investment in the TV/film series Fights Break Sphere（鬥破蒼穹）(30% invested by the Group in 2021)
was recorded as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) in the Company’s consolidated
statement of financial position according to certain terms of the investment agreement. During the Reporting
Period, the third series of the TV/film series Fights Break Sphere（鬥破蒼穹）was released. Up to the date of this
report, the TV/film series Fights Break Sphere（鬥破蒼穹）had three more series to be negotiated for release
arrangements. During the Reporting Period, a loss from change in fair value of the TV/film series Fights Break
Sphere（鬥破蒼穹）of RMB9.5 million was recognised by the Group after taking into account the current market
situation of TV/film production industry in China as mentioned above and assessing its fair value.

The broadcast schedule for the TV/film series Meteor with White Plume（白羽流星）(50% invested by the Group
in 2021) is still under negotiation with an online video platform in China. During the Reporting Period, a write-
down of inventories of TV/film series Meteor with White Plume（白羽流星）of RMB20.4 million was recognised
by the Group after taking into account the current market situation of TV/film production industry in China as
mentioned above and assessing its net realisable value.

During the Reporting Period, our TV/film production and investment business recognised credit impairment
losses on certain long outstanding trade receivables amounting to RMB79.6 million. For details of the
impairment losses on trade receivables of our TV/film production and investment business, please refer to
“Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal” under the section headed “Management
Discussion and Analysis”. In addition to negotiations with the relevant customers on their repayment plans, the
Group’s management has also sought advice from a PRC legal advisor and a debt collection agency on legal
actions and other possible methods for debt collection.

Segment performance
As a result of the foregoing, our entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce segment recorded a total
revenue of RMB111.0 million for the Reporting Period as compared to that of RMB166.1 million for the year
ended 31 December 2023.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   7
    BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




    The segment loss of our entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce business segment decreased from
    RMB354.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB129.9 million for the Reporting Period, primarily
    due to the decreases in impairment losses recognised on certain trade and other receivables from our TV/film
    production and investment business. For details of the impairment losses on trade receivables of our TV/film
    production and investment business, please refer to “Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net
    of reversal” under the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis”.

    Recent developments after the Reporting Period
    Save for the recent exclusive collaboration with a well-known PRC AI technology company as disclosed in the
    section headed “Outlook”, there has been no significant events after the Reporting Period and up to the date of
    this report.

    OUTLOOK
    Higher education (media and arts) and vocational education
    The Group will strategize the development in three major areas – media and arts education, pay-for-knowledge
    and vertical e-commerce, and AI professors and AI arts courses – to build an ecosystem which integrates
    “policy compliance, technological innovation, and commercial realization”. This aims to establish a distinct
    competitive advantage in the AI education, particularly in the area of media and arts.

    i)    Media and arts education: Strengthening foundations and expanding the scale of operations
          The Group has committed to the field of media and arts education, and the scale of operations of CUCN
          continues to grow steadily. As at 31 December 2024, the total number of students was nearly 30,000. In
          recent years, the annual enrolment of new students has been approximately 10,000 in aggregate, with
          stable growth expected in the future. The Group plans to expand the capacity of CUCN’s main campus
          and the Binjiang campus to approximately 33,000 students and 10,000 students respectively, and,
          if necessary, rent an additional campus with the capacity of 10,000 students for the development of
          vocational education business. It is expected that the overall scale of the higher education (media and
          arts), international education and vocational education businesses will exceed 50,000 students in the
          future, with approximately 40,000 students in degree programs.

    ii)   Pay-for-knowledge and vertical e-commerce: Insight on trends and innovative strategies
          The media and arts industry in China is undergoing rapid transformation, with the integration of industry
          and education emerging as a key trend. The “Several Opinions on Deepening Industry-Education
          Integration” issued by the General Office of the State Council of the PRC provides policy support for
          the Group’s ecosystem development and deepened its growth in media and arts education. The pay-
          for-knowledge market in China has shown strong growth in recent years, and the Group has identified
          this trend. Building on its existing vocational education, international preparatory programs, and adult
          training, the Group will launch a “pay-for-knowledge and vertical e-commerce” business. By leveraging
          the Group’s high-quality resources in the area of media and arts and benchmarking pay-for-knowledge
          influencers with ten millions of subscribers, the Group will focus on the vertical integration of media and
          arts. This includes developing pay-for-knowledge offerings in disciplines such as music, fine arts, and
          film, aiming to create high-quality media and arts pay-for-knowledge intellectual properties, expand
          product portfolios, and broaden market reach.




8   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                              BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




iii)   AI professors and AI arts courses: The innovative engine of AI education
       The Group actively responds to national strategies such as the “14th Five-Year Plan” and the “New
       Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan,” deeply engaging in the education sector. It will
       implement a strategy to integrate AI with media and arts higher education, fully developing a “dual-
       track of academic and applied operation system.” This encompasses two core areas: “AI Professor”
       teaching scenarios and “AI Arts Courses” for pay-for-knowledge. Recently, the Group has entered into
       an exclusive collaboration with a well-known PRC AI company and plans to first launch a subscription-
       based “AI Professors and AI Arts Courses” product in the media and arts field in 2025. This product will
       pioneer a “basic algorithm + scenario adaptation” dual-licensing system, offering deeply personalized
       customization for professional courses such as film production, animation design, and digital media arts.
       With a broad audience, this product can meet the needs of users across different age groups through
       personalized services, providing 24-hour uninterrupted instruction and breaking through the boundaries
       of traditional teaching. Additionally, the “AI Professors and AI Arts Courses” pay-for-knowledge education
       project, as a smart education platform, will bring together top PRC media and arts experts to offer
       customized services to various institutions. It will be promoted to schools with media and arts course
       demands both domestically and internationally, and such project can reduce operational costs through
       digital means and enhance the quality of media and arts education services available to students.

The Group’s continued investment and optimization in the areas of higher education (media and arts),
international education and vocational education have solidified its leading position in private media and
arts education in China. This has laid a solid foundation for the deep integration of industry and education in
the fields of pay-for-knowledge and vertical e-commerce. Through close collaboration with the industry, the
Group can provide students with more practical opportunities and diverse employment channels, effectively
enhancing graduates’ competitiveness in the job market. This, in turn, boosts the attractiveness and reputation
of the Group’s educational brand, achieving a close connection between the chains of education, talent,
industry and innovation, and contributing more high-quality professionals to the sustainable development of
China’s media and arts industry.

Entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce
Livestreaming e-commerce and artist management
According to the data of National Bureau of Statistics, China’s online retail sales in 2024 continued to grow to
more than RMB15.5 trillion, a year-on-year increase of 7.2%, indicating that online shopping has become an
important component of China’s consumer market. According to the statistics from the China Internet Network
Information Center, as of December 2023, the number of online livestreaming users in China has reached 816
million, of which 597 million are livestreaming e-commerce users. The huge user base has driven the rapid
growth of the livestreaming e-commerce industry and formed a unique market structure. China’s livestreaming
e-commerce industry has always shown strong vitality and potential, and continues to promote innovation and
change in consumption models. Paying attention to content quality and in-depth exploration of user experience
may become the only way for industry participants to pursue sustainable development.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   9
     BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




     Since the Group officially launched its livestreaming e-commerce business in May 2023, our livestreaming
     e-commerce and artist management business has made significant progress, becoming a new growth driver for
     the Group. We will continue to leverage the number of followers and the livestreaming advantages of our star
     artists, Ms. Qi Wei and Mr. Liu Wei, and continue to look for more artists and talents suitable for collaborating
     with us to develop livestreaming e-commerce business. In addition to the new account for e-sports related
     products, we will continue to aggregate resources from the livestreaming industry chain to focus on incubating
     new livestreaming accounts, continue to improve our livestreaming matrix, and synergize the intellectual
     properties of our artists, in order to create a leveraging effect. We will build a more positive brand image and
     enhance followers’ stickiness and loyalty through continuously improving high-quality content output. As our
     livestreaming e-commerce business continues to deepen and expand, it is expected to attract more of our
     teachers and students as talent reserves for streamers, content creators, operators, etc., and also provide
     employment opportunities for talents in the PRC media and arts industry to achieve economic and social
     benefits.

     The Group will also strengthen the strategic development of supply chain of our livestreaming e-commerce
     business, accelerate the development of self-operated brands and jointly owned brands. On one hand, we will
     ensure a high degree of quality and design control to deliver more quality products and services to consumers
     and enrich their wonderful life experience. On the other hand, we will continue to optimize our cost structure,
     provide consumers with better price offers and benefits, and also create sustainable returns for the Group. In
     terms of livestreaming e-commerce product selection, we will maintain a unique vision and focus on daily life
     goods with practical aesthetic design, including clothing, maternal and infant, sports and outdoor fields. In
     the future, we will enhance the application of digitalization and technology in the livestreaming e-commerce
     business, and further improve our operational management capabilities, supply chain management
     capabilities, business analysis and decision-making capabilities, in order to meet more diverse consumer
     needs.

     TV/film production and investment
     As mentioned in the section headed “Business Review” above, the TV/film production industry in China has been
     facing many challenges and uncertainties, including the decline in traditional advertising revenue from TV/film
     broadcasting channels, more intense competition, slower distribution process, longer receivables collection
     period and lower distribution prices of TV/film series. It is expected that the situation will remain in 2025 and
     accordingly, we continue to be cautious about the future development of our TV/film production and investment
     business. We will continue to closely monitor the action plans that the Company has formulated to recover the
     relevant receivables.

     Conclusion
     We believe that, with its precise strategic planning and innovative advancements, the Group is poised to
     enhance social benefits while carving out broader business development opportunities, leading a new trend
     in the integrated development of media and arts education and industry in China, and creating stable value
     growth and returns for Shareholders.




10   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Revenue
The following table sets forth our revenue by business segment for the years ended 31 December 2024 and
2023.

                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                2024                        2023
                                                                  (RMB’000, except percentages)
Segment Revenue
Higher education (media and arts) and
  vocational education                                  671,346          85.8%        592,980         78.1%
Entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce              111,013          14.2%        166,060         21.9%
Total                                                   782,359        100.0%         759,040        100.0%


Total revenue of the Group increased from RMB759.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB782.4
million for the Reporting Record, primarily due to the increase in revenue from our higher education (media and
arts) and vocational education business.

Revenue from our higher education (media and arts) and vocational education business segment increased by
RMB78.3 million, or 13.2%, from RMB593.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB671.3 million
for the Reporting Period, primarily due to the increase in revenue from our undergraduate programmes.

Revenue from our entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce business segment comprises i) revenue from
our livestreaming e-commerce and artist management business, and ii) revenue from our TV/film production
and investment business.

Our livestreaming e-commerce and artist management business commenced in May 2023 and accordingly,
there was about eight-month operation for the year ended 31 December 2023. Revenue from our livestreaming
e-commerce and artist management business increased by RMB29.9 million, or 36.9%, from RMB81.1 million
for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB111.0 million for the Reporting Period, primarily attributable to the
full-year operation for the Reporting Period.

There was no first-round distribution of TV/film series for the Reporting Period, whereas a revenue of RMB82.1
million was recorded for the first-round distribution of the TV/film series Lady’s Character（女士的品格）(40%
invested by the Group in 2021) for the year ended 31 December 2023. Primarily due to the above reason,
revenue from our TV/film production and investment business for the Reporting Period decreased by RMB85.0
million.

As a result of the foregoing, the overall revenue from our entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce
business segment decreased from RMB166.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB111.0 million
for the Reporting Period.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Cost of revenue


                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                     2024                        2023
                                                                       (RMB’000, except percentages)
     Segment Cost
     Higher education (media and arts) and
       vocational education                                  287,140          71.6%        254,759         52.9%
     Entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce              114,065          28.4%        226,483         4 7.1%
     Total                                                   401,205        100.0%         481,242        100.0%


     The cost of revenue of our higher education (media and arts) and vocational education business segment
     increased from RMB254.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB287.1 million for the Reporting
     Period, primarily due to the increase in staff costs mainly resulted from salary increases for teachers and an
     increase in the number of teachers.

     The cost of revenue from our entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce business segment comprises i) the
     cost of live-streaming e-commerce and artist management business, and ii) the cost of TV/film production and
     investment business of the Group.

     The cost of revenue of our livestreaming e-commerce and artist management business for the Reporting Period
     increased in line with the increase in its revenue.

     The cost of revenue of our TV/film production and investment business for the Reporting Period decreased as
     compared to that for the year ended 31 December 2023, primarily due to the reasons that, during the Reporting
     Period, i) there was no first round distribution of TV/film series, and ii) impairment loss on other receivable
     decreased.

     As a result of the principal reasons mentioned above, the overall cost of revenue of our entertainment and
     livestreaming e-commerce business segment decreased from RMB226.5 million for the year ended 31
     December 2023 to RMB114.1 million for the Reporting Period.




12   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Gross profit/(loss) and gross margin
                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                2024                          2023
                                                          Gross          Gross          Gross          Gross
                                                    profit/(loss)      margin     profit/(loss)       margin
                                                                  (RMB’000, except percentages)
Higher education (media and arts) and
  vocational education                                  384,206          57.2%        338,221         57.0%
Entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce               (3,052)         -2.7%        (60,423)       -36.4%
Total                                                   381,154          48.7%        277,798         36.6%


As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s overall gross profit increased by 37.2% from RMB277.8 million for the
year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB381.2 million for the Reporting Period, whereas the Group’s overall gross
profit margin increased from 36.6% for the year ended 31 December 2023 to 48.7% for the Reporting Period.

The gross profit margin for our higher education (media and arts) and vocational education business segment
increased from 57.0% for the year ended 31 December 2023 to 57.2% for the Reporting Period, mainly due to the
increase in revenue from our undergraduate programmes.

During the Reporting Period, the reduction of the gross loss margin of our entertainment and livestreaming
e-commerce business segment from 36.4% for the year ended 31 December 2023 to 2.7% for the Reporting
Period, primarily due to the decrease in impairment loss on other receivable from our TV/film production and
investment business as mentioned above.

Other income
Other income increased from RMB21.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB39.8 million for the
Reporting Period, primarily due to an increase in interest income from banks.

Other gains and losses
Other gains and losses changed from a net loss of RMB0.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to a
net gain of RMB0.4 million for the Reporting Period, primarily due to a reduction of net losses on disposal of
property and equipment.

Selling expenses
The Group’s selling expenses decreased by RMB6.6 million from RMB27.9 million for the year ended 31
December 2023 to RMB21.3 million for the Reporting Period, primarily due to a decrease in the Group’s
advertising and promotional expenses.

Administrative expenses
The Group’s administrative expenses increased by RMB7.8 million from RMB114.5 million for the year ended 31
December 2023 to RMB122.3 million for the Reporting Period. The increase was primarily due to an increase in
staff salaries for CUCN.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal
     Impairment losses under expected credit loss (net of reversal) comprised the recognition of impairment
     losses on (a) trade receivables from three customers (the “Customers”) of the Group’s TV/film production and
     investment business (the “Impairment on Major Trade Receivables from TV Production”), (b) other trade
     receivables in aggregate (the “Impairment on Other Trade Receivables”), and (c) the two Bridging Loans (the
     “Impairment on Bridging Loans”) included in other receivables, which were assessed with the support of an
     independent valuer, details of which are as follows:

     (a)   Impairment on Major Trade Receivables from TV Production
           The Group entered into transfer agreement(s) in late 2020 and 2021 with each of the Customers, which
           are independent third parties principally engaged in TV/film production and distribution in China, in
           relation to the sale of certain TV series rights by the Group to each of the Customers. The consideration
           of each of the agreement(s) shall be settled by three installments with credit periods ranging from 3
           to 12 months or 5 to 12 months. The Customers were unable to settle part or any of the consideration
           under the respective agreements when the consideration falls due. To the best knowledge of the Group,
           the Customers were unable to settle the relevant consideration mainly because their cash flows were
           affected by the slow inventory turnover of their on-going TV series/web film projects and substantial
           price reductions primarily caused by the impact of COVID-19 at the relevant time and its subsequent
           impact on the TV/film production industry in China.

           As part of the annual impairment assessment for the Reporting Period, the Group conducted interviews
           with the Customers to obtain the latest information from the Customers (including the progress of
           the subsequent distribution of the respective TV series in TV stations/online video platforms and the
           substantial price reduction on the TV series, etc.) for the valuation of receivables and determination
           of the impairment amount. The total impairment amount recognised on trade receivables from the
           Customers for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB78.3 million.

     (b)   Impairment on Other Trade Receivables
           These trade receivables comprise various trade receivables (“Other Trade Receivables”) from both
           business segments of higher education (media and arts) and vocational education and entertainment
           and livestreaming e-commerce of the Group. The total impairment amount recognised on these trade
           receivables for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB1.8 million.

     (c)   Impairment on Bridging Loans
           As mentioned in the section headed “Business Review”, since certain conditions precedent for the
           Acquisition have not been fulfilled, the Bridging Loans could not be set-off against the Adjusted
           Consideration for the Acquisition and the Transferor has failed to repay the Bridging Loans when it
           falls due. Since the entering into of the Bridging Loans in June 2021, the Group has made impairment
           losses for each of the years ended 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023, and for the Reporting Period, the
           impairment losses recognised on the Bridging Loans amounted to RMB79.4 million, which was due to
           the decrease in fair value of the security as a result of the decrease in the market values of comparable
           listed companies engaged in higher education in China.




14   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Movement and basis of assessment of the impairment losses
Below sets out the movement of the impairment losses for the Reporting Period:

                                                              Accumulated                       Accumulated
                                                               impairment       Impairment       impairment
                                                                     as at          for the            as at
                                                              31 December         Reporting     31 December
                                                                     2023            Period            2024
                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000
Impairment on Major Trade Receivables from
  TV Production (in aggregate)                                     405,597            78,329          483,926
Impairment on Other Trade Receivables                                6,690             1,799            8,489
Impairment on total trade receivables                              412,287            80,128          492,415
Impairment on Bridging Loans                                       161,306            79,443          240,749
Total                                                              573,593          159,571           733,164


The Group has engaged an independent valuer during the Reporting Period to determine the amount of
impairment losses based on certain valuation methods which are consistently applied in prior periods, details
of which are set out in the Company’s 2023 annual results announcement published on 27 March 2024 and its
2023 annual report published on 29 April 2024.

The Company has formalized action plans to recover certain receivables, which include the negotiation of
repayment plans to recover the receivables from the relevant parties, seeking professional advice from a PRC
legal advisor and a debt collection agency, and the assignment of an executive Director to lead the execution of
such plans. As mentioned in the section headed “Business Review”, the Group has initiated legal proceedings
to recover certain receivables from the relevant parties. The Group will use its best efforts to recover these
amounts from the relevant parties.

Save as disclosed above, there were no material updates on the status of recovery as compared to the status ad
disclosed in the Company’s 2024 interim result announcement and its 2024 interim report.

Taxation
The Group recorded an income tax expense of RMB0.4 million for the Reporting Period as compared to an
income tax credit of RMB0.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, primarily due to an increase in
taxable profits of certain subsidiaries.

Profit (loss) for the year
As a result of the foregoing, the Group recorded a profit of RMB116.9 million for the Reporting Period as
compared to a loss of RMB181.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2023.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Non-HKFRS Measure – Adjusted Net Profit (Loss)
     In order to supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements, which are presented in accordance
     with HKFRS, the Group also uses Adjusted net profit (loss) (“Adjusted Net Profit (Loss)”) as an additional
     financial measure. The Group presents this financial measure because it is used by the Group’s management
     to evaluate the Group’s financial performance by eliminating the impact of certain items that the Group does
     not consider to be indicative of the Group’s performance during the Reporting Period. The Group also believes
     that this non-HKFRS measure provides additional information to investors and others in their understanding
     and evaluating the Group’s results of operations in the same manner as they help the Group’s management
     and in comparing financial results across accounting periods and to those of the Group’s peer companies.
     This non-HKFRS measure is non-recurring in nature and provides an unbiased presentation for investors to
     understand the Group’s results of operations. However, this non-HKFRS measure does not have a standardised
     meaning prescribed by HKFRS and therefore it may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other
     companies listed on the Stock Exchange.

     Adjusted Net Profit (Loss), which is unaudited, represents profit (loss) for the year after adjusting for profit
     for the year from impairment losses recognised on other receivables, write-down of inventories and equity-
     settled share-based payments. The Adjusted Net Profit of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 was
     RMB218.3 million, as compared to an Adjusted Net Loss of RMB1.3 million for the Group for the year ended 31
     December 2023.

     The following table reconciles our Adjusted Net Profit (Loss) from the most directly comparable financial
     measure calculated and presented in accordance with HKFRS (profit (loss) for the year).

                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2024             2023
                                                                                          (RMB’000)
     Profit (loss) for the year                                                       116,911             (181,067)
     Add: Impairment losses on other receivables (included in impairment
       losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal)                       79,443               95,549
     Add: Impairment loss on other receivable (included in cost of revenue)                 –               63,000
     Add: Write-down of inventories                                                    20,378               20,003
     Add: Equity-settled share-based payments                                           1,534                1,204
     Non-HKFRS: Adjusted Net Profit (Loss)                                            218,266               (1,311)


     Adjusted Net Profit (Loss) is not a measure of performance under HKFRS. The use of Adjusted Net Profit (Loss)
     has material limitations as an analytical tool, as it does not include all items that impact our profit for the
     relevant year(s).




16   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Liquidity, financial resources and capital structure
During the Reporting Period, the Group funded its cash requirements principally from cash generated from
operations.

As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to RMB690.8 million (as at 31
December 2023: RMB342.0 million), of which the majority were denominated in RMB and Hong Kong dollars.
The increase in cash and cash equivalents was primarily due to the reduction of cash used in investing
activities.

As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s structured deposits classified as financial assets at FVTPL amounted
to RMB355.4 million (the aggregate of structured deposits, unquoted fund investments and listed equity
investments as at 31 December 2023: RMB376.0 million). The majority of these structured deposits, unquoted
fund investments and listed equity investments were purchased for better utilisation of our surplus cash.

The Group continued to maintain a healthy and sound financial position. As at 31 December 2024, the current
ratio (the ratio of total current assets to total current liabilities) was 241.4% (as at 31 December 2023: 257.0%).
The total assets of the Group decreased from RMB3,078.2 million as of 31 December 2023 to RMB3,057.6
million as at 31 December 2024, while the total liabilities decreased from RMB662.2 million as at 31 December
2023 to RMB612.0 million as at 31 December 2024. The liability-to-asset ratio decreased from 21.5% as at 31
December 2023 to 20.0% as at 31 December 2024.

As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not have interest-bearing borrowings (as at 31 December 2023: nil).
As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s total equity amounted to RMB2,445.6 million (as at 31 December 2023:
RMB2,416.0 million). The Board will evaluate the Group’s capital structure from time to time based on the
Group’s operations, its business growth, the relevant funding requirements and available financial resources.

Gearing ratio
The Group’s gearing ratio is calculated as total interest-bearing borrowings divided by total equity. As at 31
December 2024, as the Group did not have any interest-bearing borrowings, its gearing ratio was zero (as at 31
December 2023: zero).

Capital expenditure and commitment
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group paid RMB107.4 million for the purchases of property and
equipment primarily for our University.

As at 31 December 2024, capital commitment of the Group was RMB1.5 million (as at 31 December 2023:
RMB5.0 million).

Foreign exchange exposure
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group mainly operated in China and the majority of the
transactions were settled in RMB, which is the Company’s primary subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated
entities’ functional currency. As at 31 December 2024, except for certain bank balances and deposits
denominated in foreign currencies, the Group did not have significant foreign currency exposure from its
operations. The Group did not enter into any financial instrument for hedging purpose as it is expected that
foreign exchange exposure will not be material.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Pledge of assets
     As at 31 December 2024, the Group had no pledge of assets (as at 31 December 2023: nil).

     Contingent liabilities
     Save as disclosed in note 35 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group had no material contingent
     liabilities as at 31 December 2024 (as at 31 December 2023: RMB105.8 million).

     Significant investments
     The Group did not make or hold other significant investments (including any investment in an investee company
     with a value of 5% or more of the Company’s total assets as at 31 December 2024) during the Reporting Period.

     Material acquisitions and disposals
     The Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, consolidated affiliated entities or
     associated companies during the year ended 31 December 2024.

     Future plans for material investments or capital assets
     As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not have detailed future plans for material investments or capital
     assets.

     Employees and remuneration
     As at 31 December 2024, the Group had a total of 2,311 employees (as at 31 December 2023: 2,193 employees).
     The following table sets forth the total number of employees by function as at 31 December 2024:

                                                                                                         Number of
     Functions                                                                                           employees
     Higher education (media and arts) and vocational education
       Teachers                                                                                                1,986
       Administration                                                                                            247
     Livestreaming e-commerce and artist management
       Operations                                                                                                 33
       Administration                                                                                              8
     TV/film production and investment, and corporate management
       Operations                                                                                                 23
       Administration                                                                                             14
     Total                                                                                                     2,311


     The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 was RMB204.0 million,
     as compared to RMB176.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023.

     The Company has adopted a Post-IPO Share Award Scheme and a post-IPO share option scheme on 22 June
     2020. Please refer to the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024 to be published
     for details of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme and the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.




18   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT


The Board is pleased to present this Directors’ report together with the consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the year ended 31 December 2024.

GENERAL INFORMATION
The Company was incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on 4 January 2017 as an exempted
limited liability company. The Company’s Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 15 July
2020.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal businesses of the Company’s
subsidiaries are higher education (media and arts) and vocational education, and entertainment and
livestreaming e-commerce. Analysis of the principal activities of the Group during the year ended 31 December
2024 is set out in note 34 to the consolidated financial statements.

RESULTS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in the consolidated statement of
profit or loss and other comprehensive income on page 66 of this annual report.

DIRECTORS
The Directors who held office during the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this report are:

Executive Directors
Pu Shulin
Jacqueline Luo
Wu Ye
Lau Chi Hung

Independent non-executive Directors
Zhang Jizhong
Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis
Huang Yu

BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK
A business review of the Group, as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance, including a fair
review of the Company’s business, a description of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Company,
particulars of important events affecting the Company that have occurred since the end of the financial
year, an indication of likely future developments in the Group’s business, an analysis of the Group’s financial
performance and the Group’s key relationships with its stakeholders who have a significant impact on
the Group and on which the Group’s success depends, is set out in the “Business review and outlook” and
“Management discussion and analysis” on pages 5 to 18 of this annual report. These discussions form part of
this Directors’ report. Events affecting the Company that have occurred since the end of the financial year are
set out in the “Recent developments after the Reporting Period” in “Business review and outlook”.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   19
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     Our business involves certain risks as set out in the section headed “Risk Factors” in the Prospectus. The
     following list is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are
     beyond its control.

     ·     Our entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce business is primarily dependent upon, among other
           factors, audience acceptance, which is extremely difficult to predict and therefore inherently risky.

     ·     The TV/film industry is regulated extensively in China.

     ·     We are subject to significant uncertainties brought by regulations in the private higher education
           industry.

     ·     Our TV/film production and investment business depends on the success of a limited number of releases
           each year. The commercial failure of any one of them could have a material adverse effect on us and
           this pattern subjects our revenues from our TV/film production and investment business to significant
           seasonal fluctuation.

     ·     We are exposed to the risk of high concentration of service providers in our TV/film production and
           investment business.

     ·     Our University terminated the cooperation agreement with Communication University of China (“CUC”).
           We will face significant uncertainties on student enrollment and employment in connection with the
           termination of the cooperation with CUC.

     ·     Our higher education business depends on the level of tuition fees and boarding fees we are able to
           charge and the size of the student body we are allowed to enroll.

     ·     We face intense competition in the PRC education industry, which could lead to adverse pricing pressure,
           reduced operating margins, loss of market share, departures of qualified employees and increased
           capital expenditures.

     ·     The PRC government may find that the agreements that establish the structure for operating our
           business in China do not comply with applicable PRC laws and regulations, which may subject us to
           severe penalties and our business may be materially and adversely affected.

     ·     TV/film production and investment is a lengthy process during which we may encounter some
           unexpected situations that may affect the timing of revenue collection and the recoverability of our
           investment.

     However, the above is not an exhaustive list. Investors are advised to make their own judgment or consult their
     own investment advisors before making any investment in the Shares.




20   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT




ENVIRONMENT POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
The Group is committed to fulfilling social responsibility, promoting employee benefits and development,
protecting the environment and giving back to community and achieving sustainable growth. Details of such are
set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report which will be published on the same date with this
report.

COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
As far as the Board and management are aware, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the
relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group. During
the year ended 31 December 2024, there was no material breach of, or non-compliance, with applicable laws
and regulations by the Group.

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
During the year ended 31 December 2024, save as disclosed in this annual report, no related party transaction
disclosed in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements falls under the definition of “connected
transaction” or “continuing connected transaction” in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules for which disclosure is
required. The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules for the year ended 31 December 2024.

CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS
Background to the Contractual Arrangements
We currently conduct our TV/film production and investment business, livestreaming e-commerce business and
education business (the “Relevant Businesses”) through our Consolidated Affiliated Entities in the PRC as PRC
laws and regulations, or their implementation by relevant government authorities, generally prohibit or restrict
foreign ownership in the Relevant Businesses. Currently, PRC laws and regulations prohibit the operation of TV
series or film production companies and restrict the operation of higher education institutions to Sino-foreign
cooperation ownership (in addition to imposing a qualification requirement on the foreign owners). Government
approvals of Sino-foreign cooperation ownership in the private education sector have, with very limited
exceptions, been withheld in practice.

As a result of the restrictions imposed by PRC laws and regulations, our Company is unable to own or hold
any direct sponsor interest or equity interest in our Consolidated Affiliated Entities. Accordingly, the term
‘ownership’ or the relevant concept, as applied to our Company in this document, refers to an economic interest
in the assets or businesses through the Contractual Arrangements without holding any sponsor/equity interest
in our Consolidated Affiliated Entities. The Contractual Arrangements, through which we are able to exercise
control over and derive the economic benefits enjoyed by Registered Shareholders from our Consolidated
Affiliated Entities, have been narrowly tailored to achieve our business purpose and minimize the potential
conflict with relevant PRC laws and regulations.

All of the Contractual Arrangements are subject to the foreign ownership restrictions described herein and as
set out in the Prospectus.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   21
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     Risks relating to the Contractual Arrangements and actions taken to mitigate the risks
     We believe the following risks are associated with the Contractual Arrangements. Further details of these risks
     are set out on pages 47 to 53 of the Prospectus.

     ·     The PRC government may find that the agreements that establish the structure for operating our
           business in China do not comply with applicable PRC laws and regulations, which may subject us to
           severe penalties and our business may be materially and adversely affected.

     ·     Substantial uncertainties exist with the PRC foreign investment legal regime and may have a significant
           impact on our corporate structure and business operations.

     ·     The Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective in providing control over our Consolidated
           Affiliated Entities as direct ownership.

     ·     The beneficial owners of our Consolidated Affiliated Entities may have conflicts of interest with us, which
           may materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition.

     ·     The Contractual Arrangements may subject us to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities and may result
           in a finding that we owe additional taxes or are ineligible for tax exemptions, or both, which could
           substantially increase our taxes owed and thereby reduce our profit attributable to equity shareholders
           of the Company.

     ·     Our exercise of the option to acquire the equity interest held by the Registered Shareholders of our
           Consolidated Affiliated Entities may be subject to certain limitations and we may incur substantial costs.

     ·     Any failure by our Consolidated Affiliated Entities or their respective shareholders to perform their
           obligations under our Contractual Arrangements would potentially lead to the incurrence of additional
           costs and the expending of substantial resources on our part to enforce such arrangements, temporary
           or permanent loss of control over our primary operations or loss of access to our primary sources of
           revenue.

     ·     Certain terms of the Contractual Arrangements may not be enforceable under PRC laws.

     ·     We rely on dividend and other payments from WFOEs to pay dividends and other cash distributions to
           our Shareholders and any limitation on the ability of WFOEs to pay dividends to us would materially and
           adversely limit our ability to pay dividends to our Shareholders.

     ·     If any of our Consolidated Affiliated Entities becomes subject to winding up or liquidation proceedings,
           we may lose the ability to enjoy certain important assets, which could negatively impact our business
           and materially and adversely affect our ability to generate revenue.

     The structuring and implementation of the Contractual Arrangements, including the detailed terms of
     Contractual Agreements, as discussed herein is designed to mitigate these risks.




22   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT




PRC laws and regulations
TV/film production and investment
Pursuant to the Special Administrative Measures for the Access of Foreign Investment (Negative List) (2024
version)（外商投資準入特別管理措施（負面清單）                   （ 2024年版））, foreign investors are prohibited from holding
any equity interest in any PRC radio and TV production company and any PRC film production company. See
“Regulations – Regulations on TV series and variety shows production in the PRC” in the Prospectus for more
details.

We consulted the National Radio and Television Administration（國家廣播電視總局）(“NRTA”), being the
competent authority as advised by our PRC Legal Adviser, to confirm the matters relating to foreign investment
in a radio and TV production company. We were advised by an official of the Division of TV Series Content of the
NRTA that:

(i)    foreign investment in TV and film production and distribution business are explicitly prohibited, and the
       NRTA will not approve any foreign investors to directly or indirectly invest in such business; and

(ii)   the execution of the Contractual Arrangements does not require approval from the NRTA.

Given the relevant regulations and policy followed by the NRTA as summarized above, our Directors consider
that it is not practicable for us to hold any equity interest in Dongyang Huaxia and its subsidiaries directly or
indirectly.

Higher education
Pursuant to the Special Administrative Measures for the Access of Foreign Investment (Negative List) (2024
version)（外商投資準入特別管理措施（負面清單）                       （ 2024年版））, the provision of higher education in the PRC
falls within the ‘restricted’ category. As such, foreign investment in higher education institutions must be in
the form of a Sino-foreign cooperation, which means that foreign investors may only operate higher education
institutions through cooperating with PRC incorporated entities that are in compliance with the Regulations
on Operating Sino-foreign Schools（中外合作辦學條例）(the “Sino-Foreign Regulation”) and its implementing
rules. In addition, such catalog provides that the domestic party shall play a dominant role in the Sino-
foreign cooperation, meaning that: (a) the principal or other chief executive officer of the schools or education
institutions shall be a PRC national; and (b) the representative of the domestic party shall account for no
less than half of the total members of the board of directors, the executive council or the joint administration
committee of the Sino-foreign school (the “Foreign Control Restriction”). Currently, the principal, the chief
executive officers and all members of the board of directors (except Jacqueline Luo) of CUCN are PRC nationals.

In relation to the interpretation of Sino-foreign cooperation, pursuant to the Sino-Foreign Regulation and
its implementing rules, the foreign investor in a Sino-foreign school (a “Sino-Foreign School”) must be a
foreign educational institution with relevant qualification and high quality of education (the “Qualification
Requirement”). Furthermore, pursuant to the Implementation Opinions of the MOE on Encouraging and Guiding
the Entry of Private Capital in the Fields of Education and Promoting the Healthy Development of Private
Education（關於鼓勵和引導民間資金進入教育領域促進民辦教育健康發展的實施意見）, the foreign portion of
the total investment in a Sino-Foreign School should be below 50% (the “Foreign Ownership Restriction”)
and the establishment of these schools is subject to approval of education authorities at the provincial or
national level. Our PRC Legal Adviser has advised that the laws and regulations are currently uncertain as to
what specific criteria must be met by a foreign investor (such as length of experience, and form and extent
of ownership in the foreign jurisdiction) in order to demonstrate to the relevant authority that it meets the
Qualification Requirement.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   23
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     We consulted the Education Department of Jiangsu Province（江蘇省教育廳）, being the competent authority
     as advised by our PRC Legal Adviser, to confirm the matters relating to the Sino-Foreign Schools relevant to
     us. We were advised by an official of Development and Planning Office of the Education Department of Jiangsu
     Province that:

     (i)     the Foreign Control Restriction and the Foreign Ownership Restriction apply to Sino-Foreign Schools in
             Jiangsu Province;

     (ii)    no implementing measures or specific guidance were promulgated pursuant to the Sino-Foreign
             Regulation and its implementing rules and the Qualification Requirement in Jiangsu Province;

     (iii)   although there is an understanding that the foreign investor will generally be an educational institution
             ranked globally among the top 200 universities or top 100 in the relevant fields, due to policy reason, the
             Education Department of Jiangsu Province will be unlikely to approve an application to convert CUCN or
             any schools to be newly established or invested by us into Sino-Foreign Schools; and

     (iv)    the execution of the Contractual Arrangements does not require approval from them.

     Given the policy adopted by the Education Department of Jiangsu Province as summarized above, our Directors
     consider that it is not practicable for us to seek to apply to reorganize CUCN as a Sino-Foreign School.

     Qualification requirements
     Notwithstanding the above, we have adopted a specific plan and will continue to expend genuine efforts and
     financial resources towards meeting the Qualification Requirement. We will remain abreast of any regulatory
     developments and continuously assess whether we meet the Qualification Requirement, with a view to
     unwinding the Contractual Arrangements wholly or partially as and when practicable and permissible under the
     prevailing PRC Laws.

     We have implemented a business plan with a view to expanding our education operations overseas. We have
     planned to establish and operate a university authorized to grant Bachelor of Arts degrees in Animation
     and Media in the state of California, the United States. We believe that such business plan represents our
     commitment and a meaningful endeavor to demonstrate compliance with the Qualification Requirement. In
     particular, we have taken the following concrete steps to comply with the Qualification Requirement:

     ·       On 27 June 2017, we incorporated a holding company of a new school in California, United States, namely,
             Cathay Picture, Inc., which is wholly-owned by Cathay Media HK and will be responsible for the daily
             operation and management of the university to be established.

     ·       On 6 July 2017, we entered into a consulting agreement with an independent education consultant with
             extensive experience and background in private post-secondary education in California, the United
             States, pursuant to which the consultant shall provide consultation and adviser services in relation to
             the licensing application submitted to the Bureau for Private Post-secondary Education (“BPPE”) in
             California.

     ·       On 30 May 2018, we submitted a formal application to, and have since been in correspondence with, the
             BPPE for the establishment of a university through the non-accredited process.

     ·       In December 2018, we received a response letter from the BPPE to request for further information, which
             we responded to in January 2019.




24   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT




·     In February 2020, we received a request from BPPE for further information, which we responded to in
      March 2020.

Due to tense trade relations between China and the United States, based on our understanding from our
agent, the approval process with the BPPE is expected to be further delayed and it is uncertain as to when the
approval will be granted by BPPE.

Our PRC Legal Adviser is of the view that while Sino-foreign Schools are to be jointly established by both foreign
and domestic educational institutions, it is currently uncertain as to what specific criteria must be met by a
foreign investor (such as length of experience, and form and extent of ownership in the foreign jurisdiction) in
order to demonstrate that it meets the Qualification Requirement.


Regulatory update
As advised by the PRC Legal Advisor, on 6 September 2024, the Ministry of Commerce and the National
Development and Reform Commission jointly released the Special Administrative Measures for Access of
Foreign Investment (Negative List) (2024 Edition)（《外商投資準入特別管理措施（負面清單）                      （ 2024年版）》  ）, which
became effective on 1 November 2024, to replace the previous negative list (2021 Edition). Save as disclosed in
this report, there has been no significant PRC regulatory update relating to our business in China.


Summary of the Contractual Arrangements
The Contractual Arrangements in place for the Reporting Period were:

•     Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreements. Pursuant to the exclusive business cooperation
      agreements entered into by and between the WFOEs, the Registered Shareholders, the Onshore Holdcos
      and CUCN dated 28 August 2019, the WFOEs have the exclusive right to provide to Dongyang Huaxia
      and its subsidiaries, Nanjing Lanchou and CUCN technical services, management support services,
      consulting services, intellectual property licenses and other additional services as the parties may
      mutually agree from time to time, and in return, the Onshore Holdcos, CUCN shall make payments
      accordingly.

·     Exclusive Technical Services and Management Consultancy Agreements. Pursuant to the exclusive
      technical services and management consultancy agreements entered into by and between the WFOEs,
      the Onshore Holdcos and CUCN dated 28 August 2019, the WFOEs have the exclusive right to provide,
      or designate any third party to provide, technical and management services to Dongyang Huaxia
      and its subsidiaries, Nanjing Lanchou and CUCN. In consideration of the technical and management
      consultancy services provided by the WFOEs, each of the Onshore Holdcos and CUCN agreed to pay the
      WFOEs a service fee equal to all (in the case of the Onshore Holdcos) or 91% (in the case of CUCN) of
      their respective amount of surplus from operations (after deducting operating costs and other sums
      required by relevant laws and regulations to be reserved or withheld).

·     Exclusive Call Option Agreements. Under the exclusive call option agreements entered into by and
      between the WFOEs, our Consolidated Affiliated Entities and the Registered Shareholders dated 28
      August 2019, the Registered Shareholders have irrevocably granted the WFOEs or their designated
      purchaser the right to purchase all or part of the interests held by them in our Consolidated Affiliated
      Entities.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   25
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     ·     Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements. Pursuant to the shareholders’ rights entrustment
           agreements entered into by and between the WFOEs, the Onshore Holdcos, and the Registered
           Shareholders, the Registered Shareholders have irrevocably authorized and entrusted the WFOEs to
           exercise all their rights as shareholders of each of the Onshore Holdcos to the extent permitted by PRC
           laws.

     ·     Equity Pledge Agreements. Pursuant to the equity pledge agreements entered into by the WFOEs, the
           Registered Shareholders, the Onshore Holdcos, Huaxia Audio-Visual and Nanjing Meiya dated 28 August
           2019, Mr. Pu, Mr. Liu Chang, Dongyang Huaxia, and Nanjing Lanchou unconditionally and irrevocably
           pledged and granted first priority security interests over all of their respectively equity interests in
           Dongyang Huaxia, Huaxia Audio-Visual, Nanjing Lanchou, and Nanjing Meiya, together with all related
           rights thereto to the WFOEs as security for performance of the Contractual Arrangements and all direct,
           indirect or consequential damages and foreseeable loss of interest incurred by the WFOEs as a result of
           any event of default on the part of the Registered Shareholders and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities
           and all expenses incurred by the WFOEs as a result of enforcement of the obligations of the Registered
           Shareholders and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities under the Contractual Arrangements.

     ·     Directors’ Rights Entrustment Agreements. Pursuant to the directors’ rights entrustment agreements
           entered into by and between WFOE-Education and each director of CUCN dated 28 August 2019, each of
           the directors of CUCN has irrevocably authorized and entrusted WFOE-Education to exercise all of their
           rights as directors of CUCN and to the extent permitted by PRC laws.

     See pages 165 to 172 of the Prospectus for details of the material terms of the Contractual Arrangements.

     On 18 November 2020, WFOE-Education, Nanjing Lanchou, Nanjing Meiya, CUCN and the then directors of
     CUCN entered into a supplemental agreement to the Contractual Arrangements, to reflect conversion, change
     of name of CUCN and the change of directors of CUCN.

     Apart from the above, there were no other new Contractual Arrangements entered into, renewed or reproduced
     during the financial year ended 31 December 2024. Save as disclosed above, there was no material change in
     the Contractual Arrangements and/or the circumstances under which they were adopted for the year ended 31
     December 2024.

     For the year ended 31 December 2024, none of the Contractual Arrangements had been terminated as none
     of the restrictions that led to the adoption of the contracts under the Contractual Arrangements has been
     removed.

     The total revenue and net assets of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities that are subject to the Contractual
     Arrangements amounted to approximately RMB771.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 and
     approximately RMB2,202.3 million as of 31 December 2024, respectively.

     Listing Rules implications and waivers
     Mr. Pu is a party to the Contractual Arrangements and is also our Controlling Shareholder and executive
     Director. Therefore the transactions contemplated under the Contractual Arrangements are continuing
     connected transactions of our Company. The highest applicable percentage ratios (other than the profits
     ratio) under the Listing Rules in respect of the transactions associated with the Contractual Arrangements
     are expected to be more than 5%. As such, the transactions will be subject to the reporting, annual review,
     announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




26   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT




However, in respect of the Contractual Arrangements and related new intergroup agreements, we have applied
for, and the Stock Exchange has granted us, waivers from strict compliance with (i) the announcement, circular
and independent shareholders’ approval requirements pursuant to Rule 14A.105 of the Listing Rules, (ii) the
requirement to set annual caps under Rule 14A.53a of the Listing Rules, and (iii) the requirement to limit the
term to three years or less under Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, for so long as our Shares are listed on the
Stock Exchange subject to the following conditions.

CONFIRMATION FROM INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Company’s independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the Contractual Arrangements and
confirmed that:

(i)     the transactions carried out during the year ended 31 December 2024 have been entered into in
        accordance with the relevant provisions of the Contractual Arrangements;

(ii)    no dividends or other distributions have been made by the Consolidated Affiliated Entities to the holders
        of its equity interests which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group during
        the year ended 31 December 2024;

(iii)   no new contracts were entered into, renewed or reproduced between the Group and the Consolidated
        Affiliated Entities during the year ended 31 December 2024 other than the ones disclosed above;

(iv)    the Contractual Arrangements have been entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the
        Group;

(v)     the Contractual Arrangements have been entered into on normal commercial terms or better; and

(vi)    the Contractual Arrangements have been entered into in accordance with the relevant agreement
        governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the
        Company as a whole.

CONCLUSIONS FROM THE COMPANY’S INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
The auditor of the Company has confirmed in a letter to the Board that, with respect to the aforesaid continuing
connected transactions entered into in the year ended 31 December 2024:

(i)     nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditor to believe that the disclosed continuing
        connected transactions have not been approved by the Board;

(ii)    nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditor to believe that the transactions were not
        entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such
        transactions; and

(iii)   with respect of the disclosed continuing connected transactions with the Consolidated Affiliated Entities
        under the Contractual Arrangements, nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditor to
        believe that there are any dividends or other distributions have been made by the Consolidated Affiliated
        Entities to the holders of the equity interests of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities which are not
        otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   27
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     MAJOR CUSTOMERS
     The customers in our TV/film production and investment business generally include TV stations, online video
     platforms and third party distributors. The customers in our livestreaming e-commerce and artist management
     business generally include consumer products’ companies, advertising agencies and media platforms. All of our
     five largest customers during the Reporting Period were from our entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce
     business segment.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, revenue generated from our five largest customers of the Group
     represented less than 30% of our total revenue.

     None of the Directors, their respective close associates, or any Shareholder (which to the knowledge of the
     Directors own more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the Company) had any interest in any of our five
     largest customers during the year ended 31 December 2024.

     MAJOR SUPPLIERS
     In addition to our full-time employees, we engage third-party service providers in the production of our TV
     series and films, including directors, producers, actors, providers of film studios, production equipment,
     costumes and special effects. The suppliers in our livestreaming e-commerce business generally included
     our streamers, managed artists, media platforms and third-party service providers who provide styling,
     photography services and content creation services. Our University also contracts with construction companies
     and information technology equipment providers for buildings and facilities in our campus.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the purchases we made from the five largest suppliers represented
     less than 30% of our total purchases.

     None of the Directors, their respective close associates, or any Shareholder (which to the knowledge of the
     Directors own more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the Company) had any interest in any of our five
     largest suppliers during the year ended 31 December 2024.

     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the laws of the Cayman Islands which would oblige the
     Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.

     TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION OF HOLDERS OF LISTED SECURITIES
     The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their
     holding of the Company’s securities.

     SUBSIDIARIES
     Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in note 34 to the consolidated financial statements.




28   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT




PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
Details of movements in the property and equipment of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2024 are
set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.

None of the Company’s properties are held for development and/or sale or for investment purposes.

The Group’s properties were valued at RMB533.3 million as of 30 April 2020. Had the Group’s properties been
included in these consolidated financial statements at such valuation amount throughout the year ended
31 December 2024 an additional depreciation charge of RMB1.4 million would have been recognised in the
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December
2024.

SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARES ISSUED
Details of movements in the share capital of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in
note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at
the date of this report, the Company has maintained the prescribed percentage of public float under the Listing
Rules.

DONATION
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group made charitable donations of approximately RMB0.3
million (2023: RMB0.3 million).

DEBENTURE ISSUED
The Group has not issued any debentures during the year ended 31 December 2024.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Share Schemes” in this Directors’ report, no equity-linked agreements
were entered into by the Group, or existed during the year ended 31 December 2024.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY
Pursuant to the Articles of Association and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every Director
shall be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company from and against all actions,
costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they or any of them may incur or sustain in or about the
execution of their duty in their offices.

A permitted indemnity provision (as defined in section 469 of the Companies Ordinance) for the benefit of the
Directors of the Company is currently and was in force during the year ended 31 December 2024. The Company
has taken out liability insurance to provide appropriate coverage for the Directors.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   29
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
     As at 31 December 2024, the Company had reserves available for distribution to Shareholders amounting to
     RMB1,947.7 million.

     Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year ended 31 December 2024
     are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 69 and in note 36 to the consolidated
     financial statements, respectively.

     LOANS AND BORROWINGS
     As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not have any bank loans, overdrafts and other borrowings statements.

     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     Each of our executive Directors has entered into a service contract with our Company pursuant to which they
     agreed to act as executive Directors for (i) an initial term of three years from the Listing Date or until the third
     annual general meeting of our Company after the Listing Date (whichever is sooner), or (ii) a term of three years
     from the appointment date.

     Each of our independent non-executive Directors has entered into an appointment letter with our Company.
     The term of office of our independent non-executive Directors is three years or until the third annual general
     meeting of our Company since the Listing Date (whichever is sooner).

     None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company
     has or is proposed to have a service contract with any member of our Group other than contracts expiring or
     determinable by the employer within one year without the payment of compensation (other than statutory
     compensation).

     DIRECTORS INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
     SIGNIFICANCE
     Save as disclosed in the section “Connected Transactions” of this Directors’ report, none of the Directors or any
     entity connected with the Directors had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions,
     arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries
     or fellow subsidiaries was a party subsisting during or at the end of the year ended 31 December 2024.

     EMOLUMENTS OF DIRECTORS AND THE FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
     In compliance with the Corporate Governance Code, the Company has established the remuneration committee
     of the Company to formulate remuneration policies.

     The remuneration is determined and recommended based on each Director’s and senior management
     personnel’s qualification, position and seniority. As for the independent non-executive Directors, their
     remuneration is determined by the Board upon recommendation from the remuneration committee.

     The Directors and the senior management personnel are eligible participants of the Post-IPO Share Award
     Scheme and the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, details of which are set out in the Prospectus and pages 55 to
     59 under ‘Other information’ in this annual report.

     Details of the remuneration of the Directors, senior management and the five highest paid individuals are set
     out in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.




30   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT




None of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and there were no emoluments paid by the
Group to any of the Directors or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join, or upon joining the
Group, or as compensation for loss of office.

CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
Save as set out in “Connected Transactions” above and the Underwriting Agreements (as defined in the
Prospectus), no contract of significance or contract of significance for the provision of services has been
entered into among the Company or any of its subsidiaries and the Controlling Shareholders or any of their
subsidiaries during the year ended 31 December 2024.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
business of the Company was entered into or existed during the year ended 31 December 2024.

AUDITOR
On 15 July 2022, the Company announced that Pricewaterhouse Coopers (“PwC”) resigned as the auditor of the
Company and on the same day, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu was appointed as the auditor of the Company. The
consolidated financial statements of the Group have been audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, who will retire
and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

Save as disclosed above, there has been no change in the Company’s auditor in any of the preceding three years.

CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES
Save as disclosed in this report, the Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20,
13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2024 was the Company
or any of its subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its holdings companies a party to any arrangements to enable
the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of the Company or any
other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or any of their spouse or children under the age of 18, had any
right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate, or had exercised any
such right.

By order of the Board
Pu Shulin
Chairperson




China
28 March 2025




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   31
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



     DIRECTORS
     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Mr. Pu Shulin（蒲樹林）, aged 69, is our founder, and is an executive Director, chairperson of the Board and
     chief executive officer of our Company, and chairperson of the nomination committee and member of the
     remuneration committee of the Board. Mr. Pu founded our Group and serves as a director and chairman of
     Dongyang Huaxia, Huaxia Audio-Visual, Huaxia Zhenxuan, Huaxia Huyu, Nanjing Lanchou, Nanjing Meiya, and
     CUCN. Mr. Pu graduated from Shenyang Conservatory of Music（瀋陽音樂學院）in Shenyang, Liaoning Province,
     China in 1983.

     Mr. Pu founded Beijing Pushengda Advertising Co., Ltd.（北京普聖達廣告有限公司）in December 1998 and
     Huaxia Huyu in December 2001 to invest in TV series production, and founded Nanjing Meiya in January 2003
     to invest in private higher education services and has continued to serve as its chairman since then, going on
     to co-found CUCN and now serves as its chairman. Mr. Pu served as the film and TV program center director
     of Heilongjiang TV Series Production Center（黑龍江電影電視劇製作中心）from 1989 to 1993, and the deputy
     director of the Heilongjiang International Culture Association（黑龍江省對外文化交流協會）from 1993 to the
     end of 1996.

     Ms. Jacqueline Luo（羅佳）, aged 44, is our executive Director. She is primarily responsible for strategic
     formulation and implementation of the Group’s business plan and overall supervision on the development of
     the Group’s livestreaming e-commerce business. She is the chairperson and a director of Huaxia Huyu and a
     director of each of Nanjing Meiya and CUCN. Huaxia Huyu, Nanjing Meiya and CUCN are consolidated affiliated
     entities of the Company. Ms. Luo is the spouse of Mr. Pu.

     Ms. Luo, has more than 15 years of management experience in media, entertainment, television/film production
     and education businesses. She has served as a vice president of Huaxia Audio-Visual since joining the Group
     in 2015 and a vice president of the Company since January 2017. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Luo held
     a management position responsible for business strategy, sales and marketing in a private entertainment
     company. Ms. Luo graduated from California University, Fullerton, with a bachelor’s degree in international
     business administration.

     Mr. Wu Ye（吳曄）, aged 46, is our executive Director and chief production officer, and a director of Huaxia
     Audio-Visual. He joined our Group in December 2003 and has served as technology director (2003-2007), chief
     technology officer (2007-2012) and chief production officer (2013-Present) of Huaxia Audio-Visual. Mr. Wu
     received his associate degree in economic management from Nanjing University（南京大學）in Nanjing, Jiangsu
     Province, China, in July 2000.

     Mr. Wu worked in the production and technology department of China Television Media, Ltd（中視傳媒股份有
     限公司）(stock code: 600088.SH) from 1998 to 2001. He also served as the technology director of China Media
     North Television Productions Ltd（中視北方影視製作有限公司）from 2001 to 2003.




32   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                      DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Mr. Lau Chi Hung（劉志雄）, aged 54, is our executive Director, the chief financial officer based in Hong Kong
and the company secretary of the Company. He joined our Group in June 2021. Mr. Lau has over 30 years of
experience in corporate finance, accounting, auditing, company secretarial affairs and investor relations
management. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Lau held senior management positions in several companies whose
shares are listed on the Stock Exchange and worked in an international accounting firm.

Mr. Lau is a practising member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, a fellow member of The
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, a chartered tax adviser and an associate member of
The Taxation Institute of Hong Kong. Mr. Lau is also an associate member of each of The Hong Kong Chartered
Governance Institute (formerly The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries) and Chartered Governance
Institute (formerly The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators) in the United Kingdom.

Mr. Lau holds a master’s degree in business administration and a bachelor’s degree in accountancy from The
Hong Kong Polytechnic University.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Zhang Jizhong（張紀中）, aged 73, is our independent non-executive Director and a member of the audit and
nomination committee of the Board. He joined our Group in June 2020. He completed his certificate in drama
and literature, majoring in television drama directing, from The Central Academy Of Drama（中央戲劇學院）in
Beijing, China in January 1990.

Mr. Zhang has extensive experience as a TV series producer, including producing:

·     The People’s Policeman（有這樣一個民警）, which was awarded First-Class TV Special at the 10th Flying
      Apsaras Awards（飛天獎）in 1990;

·     The Legend of the Condor Heroes（射雕英雄傳）, which won the Gold Prize for Sina’s 2003 Most Popular
      TV Series;

·    Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils（天龍八部）, which won the Feature TV Series Excellence Award（長篇連續劇
     （優秀獎）) at the 22nd China TV Golden Eagle Awards（中國電視金鷹獎）, Best Period Drama（最佳古裝電
     視劇）at the 1st TV Fengyun Celebrations（首屆電視劇風雲盛典）, each in 2004; and

·     The Return of the Condor Heroes（神鵰俠侶）, for which he was awarded Best Producer at the 3rd TV
      Drama Fengyun Festival（第三屆電視劇風雲盛典）in 2007.

Mr. Zhang’s personal contributions and achievements have also been recognized with his receipt of an
Outstanding Contributions Award（突出貢獻人物）at the China TV Drama Industry 20th Industry Heroes
Celebrations（中國電視劇產業 20 年群英盛典）in 2011, the Special Contributions Award（特殊貢獻獎）at the 5th
Shanghai University Student TV Festival Award Ceremony（第五屆上海大學生電視節頒獎典禮）in 2012 and the
National Deyi Shuangxin Lifetime Achievement Award（全國德藝雙馨終身成就獎）at the 11th Deyi Shaugnxin
Award Ceremony（第 11 屆德藝雙馨頒獎盛典）in 2015.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   33
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




     Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis（李卓然）, aged 54, is our independent non-executive Director, and chairperson of
     the audit committee and member of the remuneration and nomination committees of the Board. He joined our
     Group in June 2020. Mr. Lee received a bachelor of business administration from Texas A&M University, United
     States in August 1992, and has been a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants since
     April 1995 and an associate member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since June
     1996.

     Mr. Lee has served as the managing director of DLK Advisory Limited, a company engaged in financial advisory
     and investment consulting services, since October 2009. Mr. Lee has been an independent non-executive
     director of Tiangong International Company Limited (stock code: 826.HK) since September 2010, of CMBC
     Capital Holdings Limited (stock code: 1141.HK) since June 2017, of C&D Property Management Group Co., Ltd
     (stock code: 2156.HK) since December 2020 and of Luen Thai Holdings Limited (stock code: 311.HK) since May
     2023, respectively. He was an independent non-executive director of Meilleure Health International Industry
     Group Limited (formerly U-Home Group Holdings Limited) (stock code: 2327.HK) from August 2013 to October
     2015, of Southern Energy Holdings Group Limited (stock code: 1573.HK) from June 2016 to October 2019, and of
     Geely Automobile Holdings Limited (stock code: 175.HK) from June 2002 to May 2022, respectively. Mr. Lee was
     also an independent director of Gridsum Holding Inc. (NASDAQ: GSUM) from April 2019 to March 2021.

     Save as disclosed above, as at the date of this report, Mr. Lee did not hold any directorship in any other public
     companies with securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas in the last
     three years.

     Mr. Huang Yu（黃煜）, aged 68, is our independent non-executive Director, and the chairperson of the
     remuneration committee and member of the audit committee of the Board. He joined our Group in June 2020.
     Mr. Huang received his bachelor’s degree in journalism from the Renmin University of China in July 1986 and his
     PhD in communications from the University of Westminster in London, United Kingdom in June 1993.

     Mr. Huang has served as a professor in Beijing Normal University-Hong Kong Baptist University United
     International College, Zhuhai, Guangdong, China since February 2024. Mr. Huang retired from Hong Kong
     Baptist University in September 2022, where he served for about 28 years and the last position he served was
     the dean of the School of Communication.




34   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                        DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Pu Shulin, Ms. Jacqueline Luo, Mr. Wu Ye and Mr. Lau Chi Hung are executive Directors. See “Executive
directors” for their biographies.

Mr. Chen Simeng（陳思蒙）, aged 44, is pro-vice-chancellor of CUCN. Mr Chen joined our Group in August
2005. Mr. Chen has served a number of other positions at CUCN, including as deputy-secretary of the party
committee from January 2023 to October 2024, secretary of the party committee from May 2018 to December
2022, deputy-secretary of the party committee from October 2016 to April 2018, secretary of the party
branch committee of the school of animation and digital art from September 2015 to October 2016, a director
of the student recruitment office from October 2010 to September 2015, assistant to the director of the
department of academic affairs and a director of the graduate employment and career counseling center from
September 2008 to October 2010 and an officer of the department of academic affairs, responsible for student
management from August 2005 to September 2008.

Mr. Chen received his bachelor’s degree in management in June 2005 and his master’s degree in radio and
television arts in July 2010, both from CUC in Beijing, China. He was awarded his Teacher Qualification
Certificate by the Department of Education of Jiangsu Province（江蘇省教育廳） in June 2006 and was
recognized as a career counselor by the Human Resources and Social Security Department of Hubei Province
（湖北省人力資源和社會保障廳）in September 2010. He obtained the title as assistant researcher, associate
researcher and researcher in November 2010, in 2018 and 2023, respectively.

Mr. Guo Kun（郭堃）, aged 42, is the Group’s co-chief financial officer based in mainland China. Mr. Guo joined
the Group as the finance director in September 2020 and has been supervising the Group’s daily finance and
accounting functions. Currently, Mr. Guo is primarily responsible for the daily management of the frontline
operations of the Group’s finance and accounting functions and investor relations.

Mr. Guo has about 14 years of finance and auditing experience. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Guo worked for
two international accounting firms in mainland China for about 10 years. Mr. Guo holds a master’s degree in
electrical engineering and a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering and automation from Harbin Institute of
Technology（哈爾濱工業大學）.

COMPANY SECRETARY
Mr. Lau Chi Hung is our company secretary and an executive Director. See “Executive Directors” for his
biography.

CHANGES TO DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
There has been no change to the information of the Directors which is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule
13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules subsequent to the publication of the interim report of the Company for the six
months ended 30 June 2024.

DISCLOSURE UNDER RULE 8.10 OF THE LISTING RULES
Save and except for the interests of our Controlling Shareholders in our Company and its subsidiaries, during
the year ended 31 December 2024, neither our Controlling Shareholders nor any of our Directors had any
interest in a business, apart from the business of our Group, which competes or is likely to compete, directly or
indirectly, with our business, which would require disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   35
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report for the Company for the year ended 31
     December 2024.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CULTURE AND PURPOSE
     The Company is committed to ensuring that its affairs are conducted in accordance with high ethical standards.
     This reflects its belief that, in the achievement of its long-term objectives, it is imperative to act with probity,
     transparency and accountability. By so acting, the Company believes that Shareholder wealth will be maximised
     in the long term and that its employees, those with whom it does business and the communities in which it
     operates will all benefit.

     Corporate governance is the process by which the Board instructs management of the Group to conduct
     its affairs with a view to ensuring that its objectives are met. The Board is committed to maintaining and
     developing robust corporate governance practices that are intended to ensure:

     –      satisfactory and sustainable returns to Shareholders;

     –      that the interests of those who deal with the Company are safeguarded;

     –      that overall business risk is understood and managed appropriately;

     –      the delivery of high-quality products and services to the satisfaction of customers; and

     –      that high standards of ethics are maintained.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
     The Board is committed to achieving high standards of corporate governance which are crucial to the
     Company’s development and safeguard the interests of Shareholders. Good corporate governance standards
     are essential in providing a framework for the Group to enhance corporate value, formulate its business
     strategies and policies, and enhance its transparency and accountability. In order to accomplish this, the
     Company has adopted the principles and code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code as the basis of the
     Company’s corporate governance practices after the Listing.

     The Company has in place a corporate governance framework and has established a set of policies and
     procedures based on the Corporate Governance Code. Such policies and procedures provide the infrastructure
     for enhancing the Board’s ability to implement governance and exercise proper oversight on business conduct
     and affairs of the Company.

     Moreover, in preparation for the new amendments to the Corporate Governance Code and related amendments
     to the Listing Rules which will be effective from 1 July 2025 and with the aim to (i) improve board effectiveness,
     (ii) strengthen board independence, (iii) further promote board and workforce diversity, (iv) enhance risk
     management and internal controls, and (v) promote better capital management, Mr. Lau Chi Hung has been
     designated by the Board to provide training, advice and action plan to the Board for continuously improving
     the corporate governance measures adopted by the Company. The Board believes that such arrangements
     can facilitate the enhancement of the Company’s corporate governance and support the Group’s future
     development.




36   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Board is of the view that for the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company has complied with all the
applicable code provisions set out in the Corporate Governance Code, save for the following deviations set out
below, which are explained and disclosed in this corporate governance report.

Code provision C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code recommends, but does not require, that the roles of
chairperson and chief executive should be separate and should not be performed by the same person. Mr. Pu
performs both the roles of the chairperson of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company. Mr. Pu
is the founder of the Group and has extensive experience in the business operations and management of the
Group. The Board believes that vesting the roles of both chairperson of the Board and chief executive officer
in Mr. Pu has the benefit of ensuring consistent leadership within the Group and enables more effective and
efficient overall strategic planning. This structure will enable the Company to make and implement decisions
promptly and effectively.

The Board considers that the balance of power and authority will not be impaired due to this arrangement. In
addition, all major decisions are made in consultation with members of the Board, including the relevant Board
committees, and three independent non-executive Directors. The Board will reassess the division of the roles
of chairperson of the Board and the chief executive officer from time-to-time, and may recommend dividing the
two roles between different people in the future, taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted the Management Trading of Securities Policy (the “Code”), with terms no less
exacting than the Model Code, as its own securities dealing code to regulate all dealings by Directors and
relevant employees of securities in the Company and other matters covered by the Code.

Specific enquiry has been made of all the Directors and the relevant employees and they have confirmed that
they have complied with the Code during the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this report.

There has been no non-compliance with the required standard set out in the Corporate Governance Code.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Company is headed by an effective Board which assumes responsibility for its leadership and control and
be collectively responsibility for promoting the Company’s success by directing and supervising the Company’s
affairs. Directors take decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company.

The Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements
of the Company’s business and regularly reviews the contribution required from a Director to perform his
responsibilities to the Company and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them that are
commensurate with their role and the Board responsibilities. The Board includes a balanced composition of
executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors so that there is a strong independent element on
the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgement.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   37
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     BOARD COMPOSITION
     The Board currently comprises seven members consisting of four executive Directors and three independent
     non-executive Directors.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this report, the composition of the Board
     comprises the following Directors:

     Executive Directors
     Pu Shulin (Chairperson of the Board, chief executive officer of the Company, chairperson of nomination
     committee, member of remuneration committee)
     Jacqueline Luo
     Wu Ye
     Lau Chi Hung

     Independent non-executive Directors
     Zhang Jizhong (member of audit and nomination committees)
     Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis (Chairperson of audit committee and member of nomination and remuneration
     committees)
     Huang Yu (Chairperson of remuneration committee and member of audit committee)

     The biographical information of the Directors is disclosed under “Directors and Senior Management” on pages
     32 to 35 of this annual report.

     Ms. Jacqueline Luo, our executive Director, is the spouse of Mr. Pu, our executive Director, chairperson of the
     Board and chief executive officer of the Company. Save as disclosed above, there are no material/relevant
     relationships (including financial, business, family) between members of the Board.

     BOARD MEETING AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS
     Code provision C.5.1 of the Corporate Governance Code stipulates that the Board should meet regularly and
     board meetings should be held at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals, involving active
     participation, either in person or through electronic means of communication, of a majority of Directors.

     Notice of regular Board meetings is given to all Directors at least 14 days in advance, and reasonable notice is
     generally given for other Board meetings.

     If a Director or any of his associates has a material interest in a transaction, that Director is required to abstain
     from voting and not to be counted in the quorum at the meeting for approving the transaction.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Board held 5 board meetings, of which 4 were regular board
     meetings.




38   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




A summary of the attendance record of the Directors at Board meetings and committee meetings is set out in
the following table below:

                                                        Number of meeting(s) attended/Number of meeting(s) held
                                       Annual general              Board            Audit Remuneration          Nomination
Director                                     meeting            meeting         committee       committee        committee
Pu Shulin                                        1/1                 5/5             N/A              1/1             1/1
Jacqueline Luo                                   1/1                 5/5             N/A              N/A             N/A
Wu Ye                                            1/1                 5/5             N/A              N/A             N/A
Lau Chi Hung                                     1/1                 5/5             N/A              N/A             N/A
Zhang Jizhong                                    0/1                 3/5             2/3              N/A             0/1
Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis                             1/1                 5/5             3/3              1/1             1/1
Huang Yu                                         1/1                 5/5             3/3              1/1             N/A


Apart from regular Board meetings, the chairperson of the Board also held meetings with the independent non-
executive Directors without the presence of other Directors during the year ended 31 December 2024.

Except for Mr. Zhang Jizhong, the other independent non-executive Directors have attended general meeting of
the Company to gain and develop a balanced understanding of the view of the Shareholders.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers each of the independent non-executive
Directors to be independent.

During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Board has at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules
relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors, representing one-third of the
Board with one of whom possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial
management expertise.

APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Code provision B.2.2 of the Corporate Governance Code stipulates that every Director, including those
appointed for a specific term, should be subject to re-election and that all directors appointed to fill a casual
vacancy should be subject to election by shareholders at the first general meeting after appointment and that
every director, including those appointed for a specific term, should be subject to retirement by rotation at least
once every three years.

Article 118(a) of the Articles of Association of the Company stipulates that at each annual general meeting, one
third of the Directors for the time being shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director shall be
subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. However, if the number of Directors is not three
or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than one third shall be the number of retiring
Directors. Article 118(b) of the Articles of Association of the Company also stipulates that any Director who has
not been subject to retirement by rotation in the three years preceding the annual general meeting shall retire
by rotation at such annual general meeting. Any further Directors to retire in each year shall be those who have
been longest in office since their last re-election or appointment and so that as between persons who became
or were last re-elected Directors on the same day those to retire shall (unless they otherwise agree among
themselves) be determined by lot.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   39
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Article 122 of the Articles of Association of the Company stipulates that any Director appointed by the
     Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office only until the first general meeting of the Company after their
     appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting. Article 122 also stipulates that any Director
     appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next following annual
     general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election. Any Director appointed under Article
     122 shall not be taken into account in determining the Directors or the number of Directors who are to retire by
     rotation at an annual general meeting.

     Each of our independent non-executive Directors has entered into an appointment letter with our Company.
     The term of office of our independent non-executive Directors is three years or until the third annual general
     meeting of our Company since the Listing Date (whichever is sooner).

     RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITIES AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE BOARD AND
     MANAGEMENT
     The Board is the primary decision-making body of the Company and is responsible for overseeing the Group’s
     businesses, strategic decisions and performance and is collectively responsible for promoting the success of
     the Company by directing and supervising its affairs. The Board makes decisions objectively in the interests
     of the Company. All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum
     of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective
     functioning. The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of
     regulatory reporting of the Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent
     judgement on corporate actions and operations. All Directors have full and timely access to all the information
     of the Company and may, upon request, seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances,
     at the Company’s expenses for discharging their duties to the Company. The Group’s senior management is
     responsible for the day-to-day management of the Group’s business and is responsible for overseeing the
     general operation, business development, finance, marketing, and operations.

     All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek
     independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their
     duties to the Company.

     The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal
     control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests),
     financial information, appointment of directors and other significant operational matters of the Company.
     Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the Board, directing and co-ordinating the daily
     operation and management of the Company are delegated to the management, under the supervision of Mr. Pu
     for the Group’s business development and strategic planning, with the advisory roles taken by Ms. Luo, Mr. Wu
     and Mr. Lau on strategic development and financial planning of the Group respectively.

     The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect
     of any legal actions taken against Directors and senior management arising out of corporate activities. The
     insurance coverage would be reviewed on an annual basis.




40   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has established three committees, namely, the audit committee, the remuneration committee
and the nomination committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. Each of these
committees is established with defined written terms of reference. The terms of reference of the Board
committees are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

Audit committee
The Company has established an audit committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21
of the Listing Rules and the Corporate Governance Code.

The main duties of the audit committee are to assist the Board in reviewing the financial information and
reporting process, risk management and internal control systems, effectiveness of the internal audit function,
scope of audit and appointment of external auditors, and arrangements to enable employees of the Company
to raise concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the
Company, including but not limited to reviewing and approving connected transactions and providing advice and
comments to the Board.

The audit committee comprises of three independent non-executive Directors, being Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis,
Mr. Zhang Jizhong and Mr. Huang Yu, with Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis (the independent non-executive Director
with the appropriate professional qualifications) as chairperson of the audit committee.

During the year ended 31 December 2024, 3 audit committee meetings were held to discuss the audit plan
with auditors, review the annual results for the year ended 31 December 2023 and interim results of the
Group for the six months ended 30 June 2024, recommend the financial results and reports of the Company
for the Board’s approval. During these meetings, the audit committee also reviewed continuing connected
transactions, financial reporting system, policies and practice, internal controls, risk management, anti-
corruption and whistleblowing policy of the Group.

Remuneration committee
The Company established a remuneration committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule
3.25 of the Listing Rules and the Corporate Governance Code.

The primary duties of the remuneration committee are to review and make recommendations to the Board
on the terms of remuneration packages, bonuses and other compensation payable to our Directors and
other senior management. The remuneration committee is also responsible for (i) establishing transparent
procedures for developing remuneration policy and structure to ensure that no Director or any of their
associates will participate in deciding their own remuneration, and (ii) reviewing and/or approving matters
relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, including any grants of options or awards to
Directors or senior management, and to make disclosure and give explanation on the appropriateness to such
material matters (if any) being approved in the corporate governance report.

The remuneration committee comprises of one executive Director and two independent non-executive
Directors, being Mr. Huang Yu, Mr. Pu Shulin and Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis, with Mr. Huang Yu as chairperson of
the remuneration committee.

The remuneration committee has adopted the second model described in code provision E.1.2(c) of the
Corporate Governance Code (i.e. make recommendation to the Board on the remuneration packages of
individual executive Directors and senior management members of the Company).




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   41
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     During the year ended 31 December 2024, 1 remuneration committee meeting was held to review the
     remuneration of directors and senior management of comparable companies, and make recommendation to
     the Board on remuneration policy and the remuneration packages of all Directors and senior management
     members of the Company.

     Details of the remuneration paid or payable to each Director for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in
     note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.

     The remuneration of the members of senior management of the Company who are neither a Director nor chief
     executive of the Company by band for the year ended 31 December 2024 is set out below:

                                                                                               Number of members
                                                                                             of senior management
                                                                                                            (Note)
     RMB0 to RMB1,000,000                                                                                       1

     Note:   An additional senior management was appointed subsequent to 31 December 2024.


     Remuneration policy
     The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including
     Directors and senior management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the
     Company’s affairs. The remuneration packages of executive Directors and senior management are also
     determined with reference to the Company’s performance and profitability, the prevailing market conditions
     and the performance or contribution of each executive Director. The remuneration for the executive Directors
     and senior management comprises basic salary, pensions and discretionary bonus. Directors and senior
     management are entitled to receive share options and share awards to be granted under the Company’s share
     option scheme and share award scheme. The remuneration policy for independent non-executive Directors is
     to ensure that independent non-executive Directors are adequately compensated for their efforts and time
     dedicated to the Company’s affairs, including their participation in Board committees. The remuneration for
     the independent non-executive Directors mainly comprises Director’s fee which is determined with reference
     to their duties and responsibilities by the Board. Individual Directors and senior management have not been
     involved in deciding their own remuneration.

     Nomination committee
     The Company has established a nomination committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the
     Corporate Governance Code.

     The primary duties of the nomination committee are to review the structure, size and composition of the
     Board, to develop and formulate relevant procedures for the nomination and appointment of Directors, to
     assess independence of independent non-executive Directors, to make recommendations to our Board on
     the appointment of Directors and management of Board succession, and to assess the independence of
     independent non-executive Directors.

     The nomination committee comprises one executive Director and two independent non-executive Directors,
     being Mr. Pu Shulin, Mr. Zhang Jizhong and Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis, with Mr. Pu Shulin as chairperson of the
     nomination committee.




42   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Nomination Committee held 1 meeting to (i) review the structure,
size and composition of the Board, (ii) assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors, (iii)
consider the qualifications of the retiring Directors standing for re-election at the Annual General Meeting, and
(iv) review the Board Diversity Policy and Director Nomination Policy. The Nomination Committee considered an
appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of the Board is maintained.

BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
The Company adopted a board diversity policy on 22 June 2020 which sets out the approach to achieve diversity
of the Board. The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and sees increasing
diversity at the Board level, including gender diversity, as an essential element in maintaining the Company’s
competitive advantage and enhancing its ability to attract, retain and motivate employees from the widest
possible pool of available talent.

Pursuant to the board diversity policy, the nomination committee reviews regularly the structure, size and
composition of the Board and where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the Board to
complement the Company’s corporate strategy and to ensure that the Board maintains a balanced diverse
profile. In relation to reviewing and assessing the Board composition, the nomination committee is committed
to diversity at all levels and will consider a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age,
cultural and educational background, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and regional and industry
experience.

The Company aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives that are relevant to the
Company’s business growth and is also committed to ensuring that recruitment and selection practices at
all levels (from the Board downwards) are appropriately structured so that a diverse range of candidates are
considered.

For the purpose of implementation of the board diversity policy, the following measurable objectives were
adopted:

(A)   at least one member of the Board shall be female;

(B)   at least one-third of the members of the Board shall be independent non-executive Directors;

(C)   at least one member of the Board shall have obtained accounting or other professional qualifications;
      and

(D)   at least three members of the Board shall have more than 10 years of experience in the industry he/she
      is specialised in education and television and film production and investment.

As at 31 December 2024, the Board comprises seven Directors, one of which is female. The Board targets to
maintain at least the current level of female representation, with the ultimate goal of achieving gender diversity.
The Company will continue to take steps to further promote gender diversity at all levels of the Group, including
but not limited to the Board and management level. The Company also seeks to ensure that there is gender
diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior level so that it will have a pipeline of female senior management
and potential successors to the Board in due time to ensure gender diversity of the Board.

The nomination committee will review the diversity policy periodically to ensure its effectiveness and will
recommend revisions to the Board for consideration and approval as appropriate.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   43
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The nomination committee will report annually a summary of this policy and, where applicable, measurable
     objectives that the Board has adopted for implementation of this policy and the progress made towards
     achieving these objectives in the Company’s corporate governance report.

     As of the date of this report, the Company had a total of seven Directors. There is a diverse mix of educational
     background and professional experience. The nomination committee has reviewed the diversity policy and
     considers that, appropriate balance has been stricken among the Board members in terms of skills, experience
     and perspectives.

     WORKFORCE DIVERSITY
     The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. The Board is committed to improving
     greater gender diversity in the Board, senior management and other employees of the Group. The Board had
     targeted to achieve at least one female Director, one female senior management and 50% of female employees
     of the Group and considers that the above gender diversity is satisfactory.

     Details on the gender information of the Group together with relevant data can be found in the section headed
     “Employee Profile” of and employee data under Appendix 1 to the 2024 Environmental, Social and Governance
     Report.

     As at 31 December 2024, approximately 55% of the total 2,311 employees of the Group, representing 1,275,
     were female employees (including management staff), with a higher female employee base driven by our
     higher education (media and arts) business. The Group has a strong focus on promoting gender diversity in
     the workforce, having set an overall gender diversity target of at least 50% female representation across the
     organization. To support the achievement of these targets, specific initiatives have included a review of the
     recruitment process, with job descriptions and postings amended to motivate a broader applicant pool, as well
     as changes to applicant screening and interviews. In addition, to support diversity across all facets, the Group is
     enhancing diversity and inclusion efforts through employee networks, mentoring programmes, equitable hiring
     practices, policies and awareness raising events and training for all employees to support inclusive behaviours.

     DIVIDEND POLICY
     In accordance with code provision F.1.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, the Company adopted a dividend
     policy (the “Dividend Policy”) on 22 June 2020, which outlines the principles and guidelines that the Company
     intends to apply in relation to the declaration, payment and distribution of dividends to the Shareholders.

     According to the Dividend Policy, subject to the Cayman Islands company law and the Articles of Association of
     the Company, the Board has absolute discretion on whether to declare and distribute dividends. Shareholders
     in general meeting may declare dividend but no dividend may be declared in excess of the amount
     recommended by the Board.

     The Board will take into consideration, if it decides to pay dividends, the Company’s future operations and
     earnings, capital requirements and surplus, cash flows, general financial condition, contractual restrictions
     and any other factors that the Board may consider relevant.

     The Company does not have a fixed dividend payout ratio. The Company currently intends to recommend
     dividends commensurate with the industry average level, while maintaining adequate reserves for its
     operations, expansion and future growth.




44   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




NOMINATION POLICY
In accordance with code provision E(d)(iii) of the Corporate Governance Code, the Company adopted a
nomination policy for nomination of directors (the “Director Nomination Policy”) on 22 June 2020. Such policy
ensures that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the
requirements of the Company’s business.

According to the Director Nomination Policy:

(i)     the ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of Directors rests with the entire Board;

(ii)    the nomination committee shall identify, consider and recommend suitable individuals to the Board to
        consider and to make recommendations to the Shareholders of the Company for election of Directors at
        a general meeting either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board;

(iii)   in assessing the suitability and the potential contribution to the Board of a proposed candidate,
        the nomination committee would reference, among others, the candidates’ reputation for integrity,
        professional qualifications and skills, accomplishment and experience in the private education sector,
        commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest, independence of proposed independent
        non-executive Directors; and diversity in all aspects; and

(iv)    the nomination committee shall make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-
        appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors.

The Director Nomination Policy also sets out the procedures for the selection and appointment of new directors
and re-election of Directors at general meetings.

In general, the nomination process of Director is as follows:

Appointment of New Director
(i)     The nomination committee and/or the Board may select candidates for directorship from various
        channels, including but not limited to internal promotion, re-designation, referral by other member of the
        management and external recruitment agents.

(ii)    The nomination committee and/or the Board should, upon receipt of the proposal on appointment of new
        Director and the biographical information (or relevant details) of the candidate, evaluate such candidate
        based on the criteria as set out above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship.

(iii)   If the process yields one or more desirable candidates, the nomination committee and/or the Board
        should rank them by order of preference based on the needs of the Company and reference check of
        each candidate (where applicable).

(iv)    The nomination committee should then recommend to the Board to appoint the appropriate candidate
        for directorship, as applicable.

(v)     For any person that is nominated by a Shareholder for election as a Director at the general meeting of
        the Company, the nomination committee and/or the Board should evaluate such candidate based on the
        criteria as set out above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship.

Where appropriate, the nomination committee and/or the Board should make recommendation to Shareholders
in respect of the proposed election of Director at the general meeting.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   45
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Re-election of Director at General Meeting
     (i)     The nomination committee and/or the Board should review the overall contribution and service to the
             Company of the retiring Director and the level of participation and performance on the Board.

     (ii)    The nomination committee and/or the Board should also review and determine whether the retiring
             Director continues to meet the criteria as set out above.

     (iii)   The nomination committee and/or the Board should then make recommendation to Shareholders in
             respect of the proposed re-election of Director at the general meeting.

     Where the Board proposes a resolution to elect or re-elect a candidate as Director at the general meeting,
     the relevant information of the candidate will be disclosed in the circular to Shareholders and/or explanatory
     statement accompanying the notice of the relevant general meeting in accordance with the Listing Rules and/or
     applicable laws and regulations.

     The nomination committee will report annually a summary of this policy including the nomination procedures,
     criteria for selection, the diversity policy and, where applicable, the measurable objectives adopted and the
     progress made towards achieving these objectives, in the Company’s corporate governance report.

     The nomination committee will review the Director Nomination Policy from time to time, as appropriate, to
     ensure its effectiveness.

     BOARD INDEPENDENCE EVALUATION
     The Company has established a board independence evaluation mechanism (the “Board Independence
     Evaluation Mechanism”) which sets out the processes and procedures to ensure a strong independent
     element on the Board, which allows the Board effectively exercises independent judgment to better safeguard
     Shareholders’ interests.

     Under the Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism, independent views and input are available to the
     Board. The Board has a balanced composition of executive and independent non-executive Directors, in
     which approximately half of the Board are independent non-executive Directors. Besides, the Directors are
     encouraged to seek independent professional advice in performing their duties at the Company’s expense; and
     to access and consult with the Company’s senior management independently, if necessary. The independent
     non-executive Directors are also encouraged to voice their views by individual communication with the
     chairperson of the Board.

     The objectives of the evaluation are to improve Board effectiveness, maximise strengths, and identify the
     areas that need improvement or further development. The evaluation process also clarifies what actions of the
     Company need to be taken to maintain and improve the Board performance, for instance, addressing individual
     training and development needs of each Director.

     Pursuant to the Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism, the Board will conduct annual review on its
     independence. The Board Independence Evaluation Report will be presented to the Board which will collectively
     discuss the results and the action plan for improvement, if appropriate.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, all Directors has completed the independence evaluation in the form
     of a questionnaire individually. The Board Independence Evaluation Report was presented to the Board and the
     evaluation results were satisfactory.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the
     Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism and the results were satisfactory.



46   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




WHISTLEBLOWING PROCEDURES AND ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICIES SYSTEM
The Company has in place the whistleblowing policy and system for employees of the Company and those who
deal with the Company to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the audit committee about possible
improprieties in any matters related to the Company.

The Company has also in place the anti-corruption policy to safeguard against corruption and bribery within
the Company. The Company has an internal reporting channel that is open and available for employees of
the Company to report any suspected corruption and bribery. Employees can also make anonymous reports
to the audit committee, which is responsible for investigating the reported incidents and taking appropriate
measures. The Company continues to carry out anti-corruption and anti-bribery activities to cultivate a culture
of integrity, and actively organizes anti-corruption training and inspections to ensure the effectiveness of anti-
corruption and anti-bribery.

CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS
Directors shall keep abreast of regulatory developments and changes in order to effectively perform their
responsibilities and to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.

Every newly appointed Director has received a formal and comprehensive induction on the first occasion of
his/her appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and
full awareness of Director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory
requirements.

Directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge
and skills. Internally-facilitated briefings for Directors would be arranged and reading material on relevant
topics would be provided to Directors where appropriate.

During the year ended 31 December 2024, the key methods of attaining continuous professional development
by each of the Directors are recognised as follows:

Director                                                 Attended training session          Reading materials
Pu Shulin                                                                         ✓                           ✓
Jacqueline Luo                                                                    ✓                           ✓
Wu Ye                                                                             ✓                           ✓
Lau Chi Hung                                                                      ✓                           ✓
Zhang Jizhong                                                                     ✓                           ✓
Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis                                                              ✓                           ✓
Huang Yu                                                                          ✓                           ✓




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   47
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the
     year ended 31 December 2024.

     The Directors have prepared the financial statements in accordance with the Hong Kong Financial Reporting
     Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Appropriate accounting policies
     have also been used and applied consistently except the adoption of revised standards, amendments to
     standards and interpretation.

     The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast
     significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements of the
     Company are prepared on a going concern basis, the Directors are of the view that they give a true and fair view
     of the financial position, performance and cash flow of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024, and the
     disclosure of other financial information and report therein complies with relevant legal requirements.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION
     The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in the code provision A.2.1 of the Corporate
     Governance Code.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Board reviewed and monitored the Company’s policies and
     practices on corporate governance, training and continuous professional development of directors and senior
     management, the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and
     the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in this Corporate Governance
     Report.

     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
     The risk management and internal control systems and accounting system of the Group are aimed at identifying
     and evaluating the Group’s risk, formulate risk mitigation strategies, providing reasonable assurance that
     assets are safeguarded against unauthorised use or disposition, transactions are executed in accordance
     with management’s authorisation, and the accounting records are reliable for preparing financial information
     used within the business for publication, maintaining accountability for assets and liabilities and ensuring the
     business operations are in accordance with relevant legislation, regulations and internal guidelines.

     The Group’s risk management and internal control system is embedded within our business processes so that
     it functions as an integral part of the overall operation of the Group. The system comprises a comprehensive
     organisation structure with assignment of definite accountabilities and delegation of corresponding authorities
     to each post. Based on our organization structure, a reporting system has been developed including reporting
     channels from division heads of business units to the Board.

     The Group has a defined organisational structure with clear defined lines of responsibility and authority. Each
     department is accountable for its daily operations and is required to report to executive Directors on a regular
     basis. Policies and procedures are set for each department, which includes establishing and maintaining
     effective policies to enhance risks identification to which the Group are exposed and taking appropriate
     action to manage such risks, establishing a structure with defined authorities and proper segregation of
     duties; monitoring the strategic plan and performance; designing an effective accounting and information
     system; controlling price sensitive information; and ensuring swift actions and timely communication with our
     stakeholders.




48   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Board acknowledges that it is the responsibility of the Board for maintaining an adequate internal control
system to safeguard shareholders investments and the Group’s assets and reviewing the effectiveness of such
system on an annual basis. The Board also clarifies that the system is purported to manage, but not eliminate,
the risk of failure to fulfil business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance
against material misstatement or loss.

The Board is responsible for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks it is willing to
take in achieving the Group’s strategic objectives, and ensuring that the Group establishes and maintains
appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems. The Board oversees risk management
functions directly and also through the audit committee and the senior management. The senior management
is responsible for the overall implementation of risk management and internal control plans and policies
determined by the Board and managing the risks in connection with all of the Group’s business operations.

The Group has designated staff to carry out internal audit function on the Group’s operational and financial
matters under the supervision of senior management. In addition, the Group has also engaged an independent
internal control and risk management consultancy firm to review the effectiveness of its internal control and
risk management of the Group annually and the internal control review report will be presented to the audit
committee and the Board. The Board, with the assistance of the audit committee and the independent internal
control and risk management consultancy firm, will review the effectiveness of the risk management and the
internal control systems of the Group, and review, among others, the adequacy of resources, qualifications and
experience of staff of the Group’s accounting and financial reporting function.

For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Board, with the assistance of the audit committee and the
independent internal control and risk management consultancy firm, conducted a review of the effectiveness
of the risk management and internal control systems on certain operations of the Group and no significant
internal control weakness was identified. The Board considered the risk management and the internal control
systems are effective and adequate for the year ended 31 December 2024, and the resources, qualifications
and experience of staff of the Group’s accounting and financial reporting function are sufficient.

INSIDE INFORMATION DISCLOSURE AND CONTROL MEASURES
The Board is responsible for the handling and dissemination of inside information. In order to ensure the
market and stakeholders are timely and fully informed about the material developments in the Company’s
business, the Board has adopted the inside information disclosure policy on 22 June 2020 regarding the
procedures of proper information disclosure.

From time to time, the Group has adopted certain regulatory measures as appropriate to prevent violation of the
disclosure requirements of the Group, including:

–     Only a limited number of personnel (mainly the senior management and Directors) have access to inside
      information upon request. Employees having access to the inside information are fully aware of their
      confidentiality responsibilities.

–     All employees (including the Directors of the Group) must strictly comply with the employment provisions
      regarding the administration of confidential information.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   49
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The Group complies with the requirements of the SFO and the Listing Rules. The Group discloses inside
     information to the public as soon as reasonably practicable unless the information falls within the safe
     harbours as provided in the SFO. Before the information is fully disclosed to the public, the Group ensures
     the information is kept strictly confidential. If the Group believes that the necessary degree of confidentiality
     cannot be maintained or that confidentiality may have been breached, the Group would immediately
     disclose the information to the public. The Group is committed to ensuring that information contained in
     announcements or circulars is not false or misleading as to material facts, or false or misleading through
     the omission of material facts, and presenting information in a clear and balanced way, which requires equal
     disclosure of both positive and negative facts.

     COMPANY SECRETARY
     Mr. Lau Chi Hung is the company secretary of the Company and is responsible for advising the Board on
     corporate governance and board practices and matters, and ensuring that Board policy and procedures, and
     applicable laws, rules and regulations are followed.

     For the year ended 31 December 2024, Mr. Lau had undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional
     training in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.

     AUDITORS RESPONSIBILITY
     The Company appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Certified Public Accountants, Hong Kong as the external
     auditor for the year ended 31 December 2024. A statement by the auditors about their reporting responsibilities
     for the consolidated financial statements is included in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 61 to 65.

     AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
     A breakdown of the remuneration in respect of audit and non-audit services provided by the auditor to the
     Company for the year ended 31 December 2024 is set out below:

                                                                                                 Fees paid/payable
     Service category                                                                                    (RMB’000)
     Annual audit                                                                                             3,074
     Interim review                                                                                             760


     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
     To safeguard Shareholders’ interests and rights, a separate resolution is proposed for each substantially
     separate issue at general meetings, including the election of individual Directors. All resolutions put forward
     at general meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the
     websites of the Company and of the Stock Exchange after each general meeting.

     PROCEDURES FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO PROPOSE A PERSON FOR ELECTION AS A
     DIRECTOR
     Shareholders may propose a person for election as Director, the procedures for which are available on the
     Company’s website under “Investor relations – Corporate Governance”.




50   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




PROCEDURES FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO CONVENE AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL
MEETING
Pursuant to Article 71 of the Articles of Association, extraordinary general meetings shall be convened on the
requisition of one or more Shareholders holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not less than one
tenth of the voting rights, on a one vote per Share basis in the share capital of the Company. Such requisition
shall be made in writing to the Board or the secretary for the purpose of requiring an extraordinary general
meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. Such
meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit,
the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) themselves may do so in the same
manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall
be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

PUTTING FORWARD PROPOSALS AT GENERAL MEETINGS
The Board is not aware of any provisions allowing the Shareholders to put forward proposals at general
meetings of the Company under the Articles of Association and the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands.
Shareholders who wish to put forward proposals at general meetings may refer to the preceding paragraph to
make a written requisition to require the convening of an extraordinary general meeting of the Company.

PUTTING FORWARD ENQUIRIES TO THE BOARD
For putting forward any enquiries to the Board, Shareholders may send written enquiries to the Company. The
Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.

CONTACT DETAILS
Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the following:

Address:     22/F, Tower 12, Wanda Plaza, No. 93 Jianguo Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China (For the
             attention of the Board of Directors)
Telephone:   +86-10-58205558
Fax:         +86-10-58205777
Email:       ir@cathaymedia.com

For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholder(s) must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition,
notice or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address and provide their full name, contact
details and identification in order to give effect thereto. The information of the Shareholder(s) may be disclosed
as required by law.

COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company considers effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor
relations and investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company
endeavors to maintain an on-going dialogue with Shareholders and in particular, through annual general
meetings and other general meetings. At annual general meetings, Directors (or their delegates as appropriate)
are available to meet Shareholders and answer their enquiries.

The Board adopted a shareholders’ communication policy on 22 June 2020 with reference to code provision L(b)
of the Corporate Governance Code. This is to ensure that Shareholders’ views and concerns are appropriately
addressed. The Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ communication
policy and the results were satisfactory.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   51
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The Company has established a number of channels for maintaining an on-going dialogue with its Shareholders
     as follows:

     (a)   Corporate Communication

           “Corporate Communication” as defined under the Listing Rules refers to any document issued or to
           be issued by the Company for the information or action of holders of any of its securities, including
           but not limited to the following documents of the Company: (a) the Directors’ report, annual accounts
           together with a copy of the auditor’s report; (b) the interim report and; (c) a notice of meeting; (d) a listing
           document; (e) a circular; and (f) a proxy form. The Corporate Communication of the Company will be
           published on the Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkex.com.hk) in a timely manner as required by
           the Listing Rules.

     (b)   Announcements and Other Documents pursuant to the Listing Rules

           The Company shall publish announcements (on inside information, corporate actions and transactions
           etc.) and other documents (e.g. Memorandum and Articles of Association) on the Stock Exchange’s
           website in a timely manner in accordance with the Listing Rules.

     (c)   Corporate Website

           Any information or documents of the Company posted on the Stock Exchange’s website will also be
           published on the Company’s website (http://www.cathaymedia.com).

     (d)   Shareholders’ Meetings

           The annual general meeting and other general meetings of the Company are primary forum for
           communication between the Company and its Shareholders. The Company shall provide Shareholders
           with relevant information on the resolutions(s) proposed at a general meeting in a timely manner in
           accordance with the Listing Rules. The information provided shall be reasonably necessary to enable
           Shareholders to make an informed decision on the proposed resolution(s). Shareholders are encouraged
           to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies to attend and vote at the meetings for and on
           their behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings. Where appropriate or required, the Chairman of
           the Board and other Board members, the chairmen of board committees or their delegates, and the
           external auditors should attend general meetings of the Company to answer Shareholders’ questions
           (if any). The chairman of the independent board committee (if any) should also be available to answer
           questions at any general meeting to approve a connected transaction or any other transaction that is
           subject to independent Shareholders’ approval.

     (e)   Other Investor Relations Communication Platforms

           Investor/analysts briefings, roadshows (both domestic and international), media interviews, marketing
           activities for investors and specialist industry forums etc. will be held on a required basis.




52   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




SIGNIFICANT CHANGES TO CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company has adopted the New M&A by way of a special
resolution passed on 10 April 2024 and effective on the same date, in order to reflect the change of company
name of the Company from “Cathay Media and Education Group Inc.” to “Cathay Group Holdings Inc.” and the
dual foreign name of the Company from “華夏視聽教育集團” to “華夏集團控股有限公司”. For details of the New
M&A, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 1 March 2024, and the circular of the Company
dated 15 March 2024, respectively.

Save as disclosed above, there has been no change in the memorandum and articles of association of the
Company during year ended 31 December 2024. The New M&A is available on the websites of the Company and
the Stock Exchange.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   53
     OTHER INFORMATION



     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
     UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED
     CORPORATIONS
     As of 31 December 2024, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executives in the Shares,
     underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
     XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified to our Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions
     7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which he/she is taken or deemed to have
     under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered
     in the register referred to therein, or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to our
     Company and the Stock Exchange are set out below:

     Interest in our Company


                                                                                                       Number of
                                                                                                  ordinary shares              Approximate
     Name                                   Nature of interest                                     (Long position)            % of interest(1)
     Mr. Pu                                 Founder of a discretionary trust                         1,208,000,000                     72.99%
     Ms. Jacqueline Luo(2)                  Interest of spouse                                       1,208,000,000                     72.99%
     Mr. Lau Chi Hung                       Beneficial owner                                               100,000                      0.00%

     Notes:

     (1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 1,654,937,000 Shares in issue as of 31 December 2024.

     (2)      Ms. Jacqueline Luo is the spouse of Mr. Pu, and she is deemed to be interested in the Shares in which Mr. Pu is interested under the
              SFO.


     Interest in associated corporations


                                                                                                             Number of
                                                                                                        shares/amount
                                                                                                        of contribution            Interest in
                                                                                                          to registered            associated
     Associated corporation             Name              Nature of interest                                    capital           corporation
     Cathay Media Holding Inc.          Mr. Pu(1)         Interest in a controlled corporation                            1               100%

     Note:

     (1)      Ms. Jacqueline Luo is the spouse of Mr. Pu, and she is deemed to be interested in the shares in Cathay Media Holding Inc. in which Mr.
              Pu is interested.


     Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2024, so far as is known to any Director or the chief executives
     of the Company, none of the Directors nor the chief executives of the Company or their respective associate
     had any interest or short position in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its
     associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be
     kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock
     Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




54   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                                                                    OTHER INFORMATION




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES
As of 31 December 2024, the following persons (other than the Directors and chief executives whose interests
have been disclosed in this annual report) had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares
which would fall to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                       Number of
                                                                                                  ordinary shares           Approximate
Name of Shareholder                           Capacity/Nature of interest                          (Long position)         % of holding(1)
Mr. Pu(2)                                     Founder of a discretionary trust                      1,208,000,000                   72.99%
Ms. Jacqueline Luo(2)                         Interest of spouse                                    1,208,000,000                   72.99%
Cathay Media Holding Inc.(2)                  Beneficial owner                                      1,208,000,000                   72.99%
Media One International
  (PTC) Limited(2)                            Trustee                                               1,208,000,000                   72.99%
Winning Global Ventures Limited(2)            Interest in a controlled corporation                  1,208,000,000                   72.99%

Notes:

(1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 1,654,937,000 Shares in issue as of 31 December 2024.

(2)      Cathay Media Holding Inc. is wholly-owned by Winning Global Ventures Limited. Mr. Pu, as settlor, controls Winning Global Ventures
         Limited through a discretionary trust. Ms. Jacqueline Luo is the spouse of Mr. Pu, and she is deemed to be interested in the shares in
         Cathay Media Holding Inc. in which Mr. Pu is interested.

(3)      Pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, if certain conditions are met, the Shareholders are required to submit a disclosure of interest
         notice. In the event of changes in the shareholding of the Shareholders in the Company, the Shareholders will not be required to notify
         the Company and the Stock Exchange unless certain conditions are met. Therefore, the latest shareholding of the Shareholders in the
         Company may be different from the shareholding submitted to the Stock Exchange.


Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2024, no other person (other than the Directors and the chief
executives of the Company) had any interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares of the
Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO, or
as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.

SHARE SCHEMES
The Company has two existing share schemes, namely the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme and the Post-IPO
Share Option Scheme, which were all adopted before the effective date of the new Chapter 17 of the Listing
Rules on 1 January 2023. The Company has complied and will continue to comply with the new Chapter 17 to
the extent required by the transitional arrangements for the existing share schemes.

As there were no grants made under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme and the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
during the Reporting Period, there were 0 new Shares, representing 0% of the weighted average number of
issued Shares of the Company for the Reporting Period, may be issued in respect of all options granted during
the Reporting Period to eligible participants pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme and the Post-IPO
Share Option Scheme.

Further details and relevant breakdown of each of the share schemes of the Company are set out below:




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024        55
     OTHER INFORMATION




     (i)   Post-IPO Share Award Scheme
           The Post-IPO Share Award Scheme was conditionally adopted pursuant to the resolutions of the
           Shareholders on 22 June 2020.

           Purpose
           The purpose of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is to align the interests of eligible persons with those
           of our Group through ownership of Shares, dividends and other distributions paid on Shares and/or the
           increase in value of the Shares, and to encourage and retain eligible persons to make contributions to
           the long-term growth and profits of our Group.

           Eligible persons
           Any individual, being an employee, director, officer, consultant, adviser, distributor, contractor, customer,
           supplier, agent, business partner, joint venture business partner or service provider of any member of
           our Group or any affiliate (including nominees and/or trustees of any employee benefit trust established
           for them) who the Board or its delegate(s) considers, in its sole discretion, to have contributed or will
           contribute to our Group is eligible to receive an award.

           Maximum number of shares available for grant
           The maximum aggregate number of Shares underlying all grants made pursuant to the Post-IPO Share
           Award Scheme (excluding Shares which have been forfeited in accordance with the Share Award
           Scheme) will not exceed 32,000,000 Shares (representing approximately 2% of the total issued Shares
           as of the Listing Date) without further Shareholders’ approval (the “Share Award Scheme Limit”), subject
           to an annual limit of 1% of the total number of issued Shares of the relevant times. Save as otherwise
           restricted by the Share Award Scheme Limit or the Listing Rules, there shall be no limit on the total
           number of non-vested Shares that may be granted to a selected participant under the scheme.

           No Shares had been granted or agreed to be granted under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme and
           therefore, (i) as at 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024, the total number of Award Shares available
           for grant under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme was 32,000,000 Shares and 32,000,000 Shares,
           respectively and (ii) as at the date of this report, the total number of Shares available for issue was
           32,000,000 new Shares, representing 1.93% of the issued Shares (excluding treasury shares (as defined
           under the Listing Rules)) as at the date of this report.

           Maximum entitlement of a grantee
           There is no specific limit on the maximum number of shares which may be granted to a single eligible
           participant under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme.

           Vesting period
           The Board or its delegate(s) may from time to time while the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is in force
           and subject to all applicable laws, determine such vesting criteria and conditions or periods for the
           award to be vested.

           Consideration
           No consideration is required to be paid by the grantees for the grant of awards under the Post-IPO Share
           Award Scheme.




56   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                                             OTHER INFORMATION




       Remaining life of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme
       The Post-IPO Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for ten years from the Listing Date (after
       which no awards will be granted), and thereafter for so long as there are any non-vested Shares granted
       prior to the expiration of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, in order to give effect to the vesting of
       such Shares or otherwise as may be required in accordance with the rules of the Post-IPO Share Award
       Scheme. The remaining life of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is approximately 6 years.

       Further details of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme are set out in the Prospectus.

(ii)   Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
       The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was adopted pursuant to the written resolutions of the Shareholders
       passed on 22 June 2020.

       Purpose
       The purpose of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is to provide eligible persons to the Post-IPO Share
       Option Scheme with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in our Company and to encourage
       the eligible person to work towards enhancing the value of our Company and our Shares for the benefit of
       our Company and Shareholders as a whole. The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme will provide our Company
       with a flexible means of retaining, incentivizing, rewarding, remunerating, compensating and/or providing
       benefits to eligible persons.

       Eligible persons
       Any individual, being an employee, director, officer, consultant, advisor, distributor, contractor, customer,
       supplier, agent, business partner, joint venture business partner or service provider of any member of our
       Group or any of our Group’s affiliates who the Board or its delegate(s) considers, in their sole discretion,
       to have contributed or will contribute to our Group is entitled to be offered and granted options.

       Maximum number of Shares available for grant
       The total number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the
       Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company is 160,000,000,
       representing 10% of the Shares in issue on the date the Shares commence trading on the Stock
       Exchange (the “Option Scheme Mandate Limit”). Options which have lapsed in accordance with the
       terms of the rules of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme (or any other share option schemes of our
       Company) shall not be counted for the purpose of calculating the Option Scheme Mandate Limit.

       The Option Scheme Mandate Limit may be refreshed at any time subject to prior approval of our
       Shareholders in general meeting and/or such other requirements prescribed under the Listing Rules
       from time to time. However, the Option Scheme Mandate Limit as refreshed cannot exceed 10% of the
       Shares in issue as of the date of such approval.

       As of 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024, the total number of options available for grant under the
       Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was 150,000,000 Shares and 150,000,000 Shares, respectively. As of
       the date of this report, the total number of new Shares available for issue was 160,000,000 Shares,
       representing 9.67% of the issued Shares (excluding treasury shares (as defined under the Listing Rules))
       as of the date of this report.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024    57
     OTHER INFORMATION




           Maximum entitlement of a grantee
           Unless approved by our Shareholders, the total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise
           of the options granted and to be granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other share
           option scheme(s) of our Company to each eligible person (including both exercised and outstanding
           options) in any 12 month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue.

           Time of exercise of an option
           An option may, subject to the rules of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the terms and conditions
           upon which such option is granted, be exercised in whole or in part by the grantee giving notice in writing
           to our Company in such form as our Board may from time to time determine stating that the option is
           thereby exercised and the number of Shares in respect of which it is exercised.

           Vesting period
           The Board or its delegate(s) may from time to time while the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is in force
           and subject to all applicable laws, determine such vesting criteria and conditions or periods for the
           award to be vested.

           Consideration
           A consideration of HK$1.00 is payable within 20 business days from the date of grant of an option.

           Exercise price
           Pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, the participants may subscribe for the Shares on the
           exercise of an option at the price determined by the Board provided that it shall be at least the highest
           of (a) the closing price of a Share as stated in the daily quotations sheet issued by the Stock Exchange
           on the date of grant; (b) the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets
           issued by the Stock Exchange for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant; and (c)
           the nominal value of a Share on the date of grant.




58   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                    OTHER INFORMATION




      Remaining Life of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
      The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for the period of ten years commencing
      on the Listing Date (after which, no further options shall be offered or granted). The remaining life of the
      Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is approximately 6 years.

      Details of the movements of the options granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme during the
      Reporting Period:

                                                                                                                            Number of options
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                             average
                                                                                                                                                                          Closing price                 closing price
                                                                                                                                                                          of the Shares Fair value of   immediately
                                                                                                                                                                           immediately options at          before the
                                                                                                                                                                              before the the date of         exercise
                                                                                                                                                                           date of grant grant during            date
                                                                                             Outstanding      Granted    Exercised     Cancelled       Lapsed Outstanding during the              the      during the
      Name or                                                                     Exercise          as at   during the   during the    during the   during the       as at Reporting Reporting             Reporting Performance
      category of      Date of   Exercise        Vesting                             price     1 January    Reporting    Reporting     Reporting    Reporting 31 December        Period        Period          Period targets for
      grantee          grant     period          period                        (HK$/Share)          2024        Period       Period        Period       Period       2024 (HK$/Share)           (HK$)   (HK$/Share)       vesting

      Employee         31 May 31 May 2023 – 20% will vest on 30 April 2024,          1.40     10,000,000            –            –              –          –     10,000,000         N/A          N/A            N/A          N/A
         Participant       2023   30 May 2028  30% will vest on 30 April
                                               2025, 30% will vest on 30
                                               April 2026, and 20% will vest
                                               on 30 October 2026. (Note)


      Total                                                                                   10,000,000            –            –              –          –     10,000,000


      Note:

      The options shall vest in accordance with the vesting periods if the audited net profit of a consolidated affiliated entity of the Company
      is not less than a specified figure for each of the financial years preceding the relevant vesting dates (or in respect of the vesting date
      of 30 April 2024, the period from 1 May 2023 to 31 December 2023, and in respect of the vesting date of 30 October 2026, for the period
      from 1 January 2026 to 30 April 2026). The Board and the remuneration committee of the Company have the discretion to vest the
      options to the grantee on a pro-rata basis according to the actual results performance of the relevant consolidated affiliated entity. For
      the avoidance of doubt, the final vesting percentage will not exceed the percentages set out above.


      Further details of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme are set out in the Prospectus.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries or consolidated affiliated entities purchased, sold or redeemed
any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares (as defined under the Listing Rules))
during the Reporting Period. As of 31 December 2024, the Company did not hold any treasury shares (as defined
under the Listing Rules).

MATERIAL LITIGATION
Save as disclosed in this report, the Company was not involved in other material litigation or arbitration
proceedings during the year ended 31 December 2024 and the Directors are also not aware of any material
litigation or claims that are pending or threatened against the Group during the Reporting Period and up to the
date of this report.




                                                                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024                     59
     OTHER INFORMATION




     DIVIDENDS
     There is no arrangement under which a Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividends.

     The Board recommended a final dividend of HK$0.03 (for the year ended 31 December 2023: nil) per Share and
     a special dividend of HK$0.03 (for the year ended 31 December 2023: HK$0.06) per Share for the year ended
     31 December 2024. The final dividend and special dividend are subject to the approval of the Shareholders at
     the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to be held on 30 May 2025 and the final dividend and
     special dividend are expected to be payable on or about 27 June 2025 to the Shareholders whose names appear
     on the register of members of the Company on 12 June 2025.

     CLOSURE OF REGISTER MEMBERS
     The register of members of the Company will be closed for the purpose of determining the identity of
     Shareholders who are entitled to attend and vote at the forthcoming annual general meeting from 27 May 2025
     to 30 May 2025, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of Shares will be registered. The record
     date for determining the entitlement of the Shareholders to attend and vote at the forthcoming annual general
     meeting will be 30 May 2025. In order to be eligible to attend the forthcoming annual general meeting, all duly
     completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s
     share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt
     Road, Hong Kong for registration, no later than 4:30 p.m. on 26 May 2025.

     The register of members of the Company will be closed for the purpose of determining the identify of
     Shareholders who are entitled to receive the final dividend and special dividend from 10 June 2025 to 12 June
     2025, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of Shares will be registered. The record date for
     determining the entitlements of the Shareholders to receive the final dividend and special dividend will be 12
     June 2025. In order to be qualified for the special dividend, all duly completed transfer forms accompanied by
     the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor
     Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for registration, no later than
     4:30 p.m. on 9 June 2025.

     DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO RULES 13.13 AND 13.20 OF THE LISTING RULES
     In order to facilitate the restructuring in connection with the acquisition of the Olympic College as disclosed in
     the section headed “Business Review and Outlook” in this report, the Group entered into the Loan Agreements
     for the principal amounts of RMB250 million (the “1st Loan”) and RMB170 million (the “2nd Loan”), respectively,
     to be extended to the Transferor, Jiangsu China Red Science and Education Investment Group Nanjing Energy
     and Technology Co. Ltd.*（江蘇華紅科教投資集團南京能源科技有限公司）.

     The 1st Loan and the 2nd Loan are free of interest and repayment of these loans shall be at the earlier of
     six (6) months from the drawdown date of the respective loan agreements, or the complete date pursuant
     to the respective loan agreement, or the compulsory early repayment date pursuant to the respective loan
     agreements. Mr. Ye Hua and Ms. Gao Jiehong, two of the founders of the Olympic College, have executed share
     pledges in favour of Nanjing Lanchou over the entire interest of the Transferor and 9% equity interest in Jiangsu
     Zijin Science and Education Investment Co. Ltd*（江蘇紫金科教投資有限公司）as collateral relating to the
     1st Loan and the 2nd Loan. As at 31 December 2024, the 1st loan and the 2nd loan provided under the Loan
     Agreements remained outstanding, and the aggregate amount (before credit impairment loss) was RMB420
     million which exceeded 8% under the assets ratio (as defined under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules) and
     constituted an advance to an entity under Rule 13.13 of the Listing Rules.

     For details of the Loan Agreements in relation to the 1st Loan and 2nd Loan, please see the Company’s
     announcement dated 22 June 2021.




60   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the Shareholders of Cathay Group Holdings Inc.
(formerly known as Cathay Media and Education Group Inc.)
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Cathay Group Holdings Inc. (the “Company”) and
its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 66 to 124, which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024 and the consolidated statement of
profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated
statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including
material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued
by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in
compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit
of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance
with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   61
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
     our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
     not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

     Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter

     Impairment assessment of trade receivables

     We identified impairment assessment of trade              Our procedures in relation to impairment assessment
     receivables as a key audit matter due to the              of trade receivables included:
     significance of trade receivables to the Group’s
     consolidated financial position and the involvement       •   Obtaining an understanding of the relevant key
     of subjective judgement and management estimates              controls on how the management estimates the
     in evaluating the expected credit losses (“ECL”) of the       loss allowance for trade receivables;
     Group’s trade receivables at the end of the reporting
     period.                                                   •   Challenging management’s basis and judgement
                                                                   in determining credit loss allowance on trade
     As disclosed in notes 3, 4 and 29 to the consolidated         receivables, including their identification
     financial statements, the ECL on credit-impaired              of credit-impaired trade receivables, the
     trade receivables are assessed individually, which            reasonableness of grouping of the remaining trade
     are measured as the difference between the asset’s            debtors in the provision matrix, and the basis of
     carrying amount and the present value of estimated            estimated loss rates applied;
     future cash flows with the consideration of expected
     future credit losses. The remaining is collectively       •   Testing the integrity of information used by the
     assessed using a provision matrix through grouping            management to develop the provision matrix,
     of various debtors that have similar inter nal                including trade receivables ageing analysis, on
     credit rating, after considering repayment history,           a sample basis, by comparing with the relevant
     customer-specific conditions and past-due status.             sales supporting documents;
     In calculating the ECL, the loss rates are estimated
     based on probability of default, loss given default       •   Evaluating the competence, capability and
     and adjusted for forward-looking information that is          objectivity of the independent valuer engaged by
     available without undue cost or effort.                       the management for impairment assessment of
                                                                   trade receivables; and
     The Group recognised an amount of RMB80,128,000
     of impairment of trade receivables for the year,          •   Involving the internal valuation specialists to
     and as at 31 December 2024, the Group has trade               evaluate the appropriateness of the methodology,
     receivables amounted to RMB592,167,000, net of                key assumptions and judgements used by the
     allowance amounted to RMB99,752,000.                          management.




62   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   63
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
     a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
     that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and
     for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
     contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
     conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
     can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
     reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated
     financial statements.

     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
     skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

     •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
           whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
           obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
           detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as
           fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal
           control.

     •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
           that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
           effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

     •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
           estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
           based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
           conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
           conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
           the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
           to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
           auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
           going concern.

     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
           including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
           transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
           information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
           group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit
           work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
     timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that
     we identify during our audit.




64   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore
the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes
public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be
expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Wong Shun Yu.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong
28 March 2025




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   65
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2024             2023
                                                                     NOTES    RMB’000           RMB’000
     Revenue                                                           5       782,359           759,040
     Cost of revenue                                                          (401,205)         (481,242)
     Gross profit                                                              381,154           277,798
     Other income                                                      6         39,847            21,351
     Other gains and losses                                            7            414               (52)
     Selling expenses                                                           (21,307)          (27,870)
     Administrative expenses                                                  (122,297)         (114,463)
     Impairment losses under expected credit loss model,
       net of reversal                                                 8      (159,571)         (336,666)
     Finance costs                                                     9          (965)            (1,327)
     Profit (loss) before tax                                                  117,275          (181,229)
     Income tax (expense) credit                                      10          (364)              162
     Profit (loss) for the year                                       11       116,911          (181,067)
     Other comprehensive income (expense):
     Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
     Exchange differences on translation from functional
        currency to presentation currency                                        1,537            (1,067)
     Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
     Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                       –                20
     Other comprehensive income (expense) for the year                           1,537            (1,047)
     Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year                         118,448          (182,114)
     Profit (loss) for the year attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                                                    92,064          (196,265)
       Non-controlling interests                                                24,847            15,198
                                                                               116,911          (181,067)
     Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year
       attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                                                    93,601          (197,312)
       Non-controlling interests                                                24,847            15,198
                                                                               118,448          (182,114)
     Earnings (loss) per share                                        14
       – Basic (RMB cents)                                                        5.67            (12.09)
       – Diluted (RMB cents)                                                      5.67            (12.09)




66   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                               AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024



                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                             2024             2023
                                                                  NOTES   RMB’000           RMB’000
Non-current Assets
Property and equipment                                             15     1,216,174        1,242,257
Right-of-use assets                                                16       124,359          136,639
Intangible assets                                                  17        23,873           34,280
Deferred tax assets                                                18           379              163
Time deposits                                                      22       230,000                –
Other receivables                                                  20         7,487                –
Rental deposit                                                                    –            1,061
                                                                          1,602,272        1,414,400
Current Assets
Inventories                                                        19       14,291            33,975
Trade and other receivables                                        20      333,486           490,896
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)    21      386,795           421,571
Time deposits                                                      22       30,000           375,311
Cash and cash equivalents                                          22      690,770           342,044
                                                                          1,455,342        1,663,797
Current Liabilities
Trade and other payables                                           23      191,069           245,356
Contract liabilities                                               24      384,842           376,309
Tax liabilities                                                                494               478
Dividend payable                                                            20,950            20,950
Lease liabilities                                                  25        5,447             4,192
                                                                           602,802           647,285
Net Current Assets                                                         852,540         1,016,512
Total Assets less Current Liabilities                                     2,454,812        2,430,912




                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   67
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

     AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024



                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                     2024             2023
                                                                 NOTES            RMB’000           RMB’000
     Non-current Liabilities
     Lease liabilities                                             25                 9,129             14,576
     Deferred income                                                                     75                372
                                                                                     9,204              14,948
     Net Assets                                                                  2,445,608           2,415,964
     Capital and Reserves
     Share capital                                                 26                  117                 117
     Reserves                                                                    2,220,422           2,215,625
     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                2,220,539           2,215,742
     Non-controlling interests                                     34              225,069             200,222
     Total Equity                                                                2,445,608           2,415,964


     The consolidated financial statements on pages 66 to 124 were approved and authorised for issue by the board
     of directors on 28 March 2025 and signed on its behalf of:




                            Pu Shulin                                           Lau Chi Hung
                            DIRECTOR                                             DIRECTOR




68   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



                                                           Attributable to owners of the Company
                                             Shares
                                            held for                                     Share-
                                              share                                       based Statutory                          Non-
                                  Share       award   Share     Capital Translation payment surplus Retained                  controlling
                                 capital    scheme premium reserve reserve reserve reserve                profits     Subtotal interests      Total
                                RMB’000    RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                    RMB’000 RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                   (Note)
At 1 January 2023                   117     (52,411)   869,970    247,627   (82,255)       –   408,644 1,065,704 2,457,396        185,024 2,642,420
(Loss) profit for the year            –           –          –          –         –        –         – (196,265) (196,265)         15,198 (181,067)
Other comprehensive expense
  for the year                        –           –          –         –     (1,047)       –         –           –      (1,047)        –      (1,047)
Total comprehensive (expense)
  income for the year                 –           –          –         –     (1,047)       –         –    (196,265)   (197,312)    15,198   (182,114)
Recognition of equity-settled
  share-based payments
  (note 27)                           –           –          –         –          –    1,204         –           –       1,204         –       1,204
Appropriation                         –           –          –         –          –        –    18,485     (18,485)          –         –           –
Dividend recognised as
  distribution (note 13)              –           –    (45,546)        –          –        –         –           –     (45,546)        –     (45,546)
At 31 December 2023                 117     (52,411)   824,424    247,627   (83,302)   1,204    427,129   850,954 2,215,742       200,222 2,415,964
Profit for the year                   –           –          –         –          –        –         –     92,064      92,064      24,847   116,911
Other comprehensive income
  for the year                        –           –          –         –      1,537        –         –           –       1,537         –       1,537
Total comprehensive income
  for the year                        –           –          –         –      1,537        –         –     92,064      93,601      24,847   118,448
Recognition of equity-settled
  share-based payments
  (note 27)                           –           –          –         –          –    1,534         –           –       1,534         –       1,534
Appropriation                         –           –          –         –          –        –    26,213     (26,213)          –         –           –
Dividend recognised as
  distribution (note 13)              –           –    (90,338)        –          –        –         –           –     (90,338)        –     (90,338)
At 31 December 2024                 117     (52,411)   734,086    247,627   (81,765)   2,738   453,342    916,805 2,220,539       225,069 2,445,608

Note:

Pursuant to the relevant laws in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC shall make appropriations
from after-tax profit to non-distributable reserve funds as determined by the management of the relevant PRC subsidiaries. These reserves
include: (i) general reserve of the limited liabilities companies and (ii) the development fund of schools.

i.        For PRC subsidiaries with limited liability, they are required to make annual appropriations to general reserve of 10% of after-tax
          profits as determined under the PRC laws and regulations at each year-end until the balance reaches 50% of the relevant PRC entity’s
          registered capital.

ii.       According to the Implementation Rules of the Law for Promoting Private Education of the PRC（《中華人民共和國民辦教育促進法
          實施條例 》）, it is required for not-for-profit private school to appropriate to development fund of not less than 10% of the annual
          increase in net asset of the relevant school as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the PRC. The
          development fund shall be used for construction or maintenance of the school or procurement or upgrading of educational equipment.




                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024         69
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000
     OPERATING ACTIVITIES
     Profit (loss) before tax                                                117,275          (181,229)
     Adjustments for:
       Finance costs                                                              965            1,327
       Interest income from banks                                            (16,813)           (4,713)
       Interest income from consideration receivables                          (1,531)         (2,878)
       Depreciation of property and equipment                                 65,790           56,495
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                    12,280           12,161
       Amortisation of intangible assets                                      10,643             9,107
       Release of asset-related government grants                                (297)            (297)
       Impairment loss under expected credit loss model, net of reversal     159,571          336,666
       Share-based payments                                                     1,534            1,204
       Write-down of inventories                                              20,378           20,003
       Impairment loss on prepayment for television series production               –          63,000
       Losses on termination of a lease agreement                                   –               76
       Losses on disposal of property and equipment                                24            1,536
       Gains from changes in fair value of financial assets
         measured at FVTPL                                                      (657)           (1,537)
       Foreign exchange losses (gains)                                         1,537            (2,745)
     Operating cash flow before movements in working capital                 370,699           308,176
      (Increase) decrease in inventories                                        (694)           55,148
      Increase in trade and other receivables                                (24,579)          (68,890)
      Increase in trade and other payables                                    14,032             4,157
      Increase in contract liabilities                                         8,533            75,802
     Cash generated from operations                                          367,991          374,393
       Income taxes paid                                                        (564)            (498)
     Net cash from operating activities                                      367,427          373,895
     INVESTING ACTIVITIES
       Interest received                                                        8,612             4,713
       Purchases of property and equipment                                   (107,367)        (254,159)
       Proceeds on disposal of property and equipment                              41                 –
       Purchases of intangible assets                                            (236)          (44,738)
       Payments for rental deposits                                                 –              (286)
       Purchases of financial assets at FVTPL                              (1,617,728)      (1,799,097)
       Redemptions of financial assets at FVTPL                             1,653,161        1,893,687
       Settlement of consideration receivables from disposal of
         Shuimuyuan                                                           25,000            30,000
       Placement of time deposits                                           (285,742)         (375,311)
       Withdrawal of time deposits                                           401,053                 –
       Withdrawal of restricted bank deposit                                       –            42,000
     Net cash from (used in) investing activities                             76,794          (503,191)




70   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Dividend paid                                                                (90,338)            (45,546)
  Repayments of lease liabilities                                                (5,157)            (5,684)
Net cash used in financing activities                                          (95,495)            (51,230)
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                          348,726            (180,526)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year, represented by
  bank balances and cash                                                      342,044             520,872
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                              –               1,698
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year, represented by
  bank balances and cash                                                      690,770             342,044




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   71
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



     1.    GENERAL INFORMATION
           Cathay Group Holdings Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 4 January 2017
           as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law (Cap 22, Law 3 of 1961, as
           consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands. Its shares have been listed on the Main Board of The
           Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) since 15 July 2020. Its immediate holding
           company is Cathay Media Holdings Inc, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (the “BVI”)
           and its ultimate holding company is Media One International (PTC) Limited, a company incorporated in
           the BVI, which is the trustee of a trust established in January 2021 of which the settlor is Mr. Pu Shulin,
           who is also an executive director and chairman of the board of directors of the Company. The address
           of the Company’s registered office is 190 Elgin Avenue, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-9008, Cayman
           Islands.

           The Company is an investment holding company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred as the
           “Group”) are principally engaged in the provision of higher and vocational education services and
           entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

           The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is different from
           the Company’s functional currency of Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”). Since the majority of the assets and
           operations of the Group are located in the PRC, the consolidated financial statements are presented in
           RMB.

     2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
           Amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that are mandatorily effective for the current year
           In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards as
           issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time, which are
           mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2024 for the preparation of
           the consolidated financial statements:

           Amendments to HKFRS 16                           Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
           Amendments to HKAS 1                             Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-
                                                               current and related amendments to Hong Kong
                                                               Interpretation 5 (2020)
           Amendments to HKAS 1                             Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
           Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7                 Supplier Finance Arrangements

           The application of the amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards as in the current year has had no
           material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/
           or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




72   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
     (continued)
     New and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards
     that have been issued but are not yet effective:

     Amendments to HKFRS 9 and                        Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
      HKFRS 7                                           Financial Instruments3
     Amendments to HKFRS 9 and                        Contracts Referencing Nature- dependent Electricity3
      HKFRS 7
     Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                       Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
      HKAS 28                                           Associate or Joint Venture1
     Amendments to HKFRS                              Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards –
      Accounting Standards                              Volume 113
     Amendments to HKAS 21                            Lack of Exchangeability2
     HKFRS 18                                         Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements4
     1
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

     2
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.

     3
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.

     4
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


     The application of HKFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (“HKFRS 18”), has
     no impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance, but has impact on presentation of the
     consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive. Except for the HKFRS 18, the directors
     of the Company anticipate that the application of these amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards
     will have no material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements in foreseeable future.

3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     3.1   Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting
           Standards as issued by the HKICPA. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial
           statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably expected to
           influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements
           include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the
           Stock Exchange (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   73
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.1   Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)
                 The Group’s higher and vocational education business was carried out by Nanjing Lanchou
                 Corporate Management Co., Ltd.（南京藍籌企業管理有限公司）(“Nanjing Lanchou”), Nanjing
                 Meiya Education Investment Co., Ltd. （南 京 美 亞 教 育 投 資 有 限 公 司） (“Nanjing Meiya”),
                 Communication University of China, Nanjing（南京傳媒學院）(“CUCN”), while the entertainment
                 and livestreaming e-commerce business was carried out by Dongyang Huaxia Audio-Visual
                 Film Culture Co., Ltd.（東陽華夏視聽影視文化有限公司） (“Dongyang Audio-Visual”), Huaxia
                 Audio-Visual Global Media (Beijing) Holdings Co., Ltd.（華夏視聽環球傳媒（北京）股份有限公司）
                 (“Huaxia Audio-Visual”), Beijing Huaxia Zhenxuan Cultural Communication Co., Ltd.（北京華夏
                 珍選文化傳播有限公司）(“Huaxia Zhenxuan”) (formerly known as Beijing Huaxia Huyu Cultural
                 Communication Co., Ltd.（北京華夏互娛文化傳播有限公司） and Beijing Huaxia Audio-Visual
                 Online Cultural Development Co., Ltd.（北京華夏視聽在線文化發展有限公司）) and Beijing Huaxia
                 Huyu Culture Media Co., Ltd.（北京華夏互娛文化傳媒有限公司）(“Huaxia Huyu”) (formerly known
                 as Huaxia Youpin (Beijing) Culture Communication Co., Ltd.（華夏優品（北京）文化傳播有限公司）)
                 (collectively as the “Consolidated Affiliated Entities”).

                 Due to the restriction of foreign ownership in the operation of higher and vocational education
                 business and television series and film production business, the Company does not have any
                 equity interest in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. However, as a result of the contractual
                 arrangements entered by Bicheng Art Consulting (Nanjing) Co., Ltd.（碧城藝術諮詢（南京）有
                 限公司）(“Nanjing Bicheng”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group, with the Consolidated
                 Affiliated Entities operating higher and vocational education business and Mr. Pu Shulin, while
                 Dongyang Huaxia Audio-Visual Culture Consulting Co., Ltd.（東陽華夏視聽文化諮詢有限公司）
                 (“Dongyang Huaxia”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group, with the Consolidated Affiliated
                 Entities operating television series and film production business, Mr. Pu Shulin and Mr. Liu Chang,
                 respectively (the “Contractual Arrangements”), the Group is able to:

                 •      exercise effective financial and operational control over the Consolidated Affiliated
                        Entities;

                 •      exercise equity holders’ voting rights of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities;

                 •      receive substantially all of the economic interests and returns generated by the
                        Consolidated Affiliated Entities, in consideration for the technical and consulting services
                        provided by the Group, at the Group’s discretion;

                 •      obtain the irrevocable and exclusive right for the Group or their designated persons to
                        purchase all or part of the equity interests in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities from
                        equity holders at a minimum purchase price permitted under the PRC laws and regulations
                        at the Group’s sole and absolute discretion to the extent permitted by PRC law; and

                 •      obtain a pledge over the entire equity interests in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities from
                        their equity holders to secure the performance of their obligations under the Contractual
                        Arrangements.




74   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.1   Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)
           Accordingly, the Group has power over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, has rights to variable
           returns from its involvement with the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and has the ability to
           affect those returns through its power over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and is therefore
           considered to have control over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. Consequently, the Company
           regards the Consolidated Affiliated Entities as indirect held subsidiaries and their financial
           positions and results are included in the consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31
           December 2024 and 2023.

           The following balances and amounts of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities were included in the
           consolidated financial statements:

                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2024             2023
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
           Revenue                                                              771,378              751,652
           Profit (loss) before tax                                             117,667             (175,382)


                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
           Non-current assets                                                  1,370,101           1,412,122
           Current assets                                                      1,437,019           1,774,892
           Current liabilities                                                   595,660             638,699
           Non-current liabilities                                                 9,204              14,948


     3.2   Material accounting policy information
           Basis of consolidation
           The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and
           entities (including structured entities) controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is
           achieved when the Company:

           •      has power over the investee;

           •      is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

           •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   75
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
                 Basis of consolidation (continued)
                 The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate
                 that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

                 Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and
                 ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a
                 subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement
                 of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the
                 date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

                 Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
                 Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is
                 attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in
                 the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

                 When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
                 accounting policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies.

                 All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to
                 transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

                 Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein,
                 which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of
                 net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

                 Revenue from contracts with customers
                 Information about the Group’s accounting policies relating to contracts with customers is provided
                 in note 5.

                 Foreign currencies
                 In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies
                 other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates
                 of exchanges prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period,
                 monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at
                 that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies
                 are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-
                 monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not
                 retranslated.

                 Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of
                 monetary items are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.




76   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Foreign currencies (continued)
           For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities
           of the Group’s operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. RMB)
           using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items
           are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate
           significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the date of transactions are
           used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and
           accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve (attributed to non-controlling
           interests as appropriate).

           On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a
           foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign
           operation, or a partial disposal of an interest in a joint arrangement or an associate that includes
           a foreign operation of which the retained interest becomes a financial asset), all of the exchange
           differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation attributable to the owners of the
           Company are reclassified to profit or loss.

           Exchange differences relating to the retranslation of the Group’s net assets in United States
           dollars (“US$”) and HK$ to the Group’s presentation currency (i.e. RMB) are recognised directly in
           other comprehensive income and accumulated in translation reserve. Such exchange differences
           accumulated in the translation reserve are not reclassified to profit or loss subsequently.

           Share-based payments
           Equity-settled share-based payments transactions
           Shares/Share options granted to employees
           Equity-settled share-based payments to employees are measured at the fair value of the equity
           instruments at the grant date.

           The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without
           taking into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis
           over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually
           vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the end of each
           reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected
           to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the
           revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative
           expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based
           payments reserve.

           When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments
           reserve will be transferred to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the
           vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in
           share-based payments reserve will be transferred to retained profits.

           When shares granted are vested, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments
           reserve will be transferred to other reserve.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   77
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
                 Taxation
                 Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

                 The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit
                 before taxation because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and
                 items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using
                 tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

                 Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
                 and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in
                 the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable
                 temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary
                 differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which
                 those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities
                 are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of assets and
                 liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. In
                 addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the
                 initial recognition of goodwill.

                 Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with
                 investments in subsidiaries except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the
                 temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not be reversed in the
                 foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated
                 with such investments are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be
                 sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and
                 they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

                 The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
                 declined to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to
                 allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
                 period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws)
                 that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.

                 The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would
                 follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of each reporting period, to recover
                 or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

                 For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group
                 recognises the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines
                 whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.




78   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Taxation (continued)
           For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the
           Group applies HKAS 12 Income Taxes requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
           separately. The Group recognises a deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent
           that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary
           difference can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off
           current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the
           same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

           Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that
           are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and
           deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.
           Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination,
           the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

           Intangible assets
           Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
           accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, being their fair value at
           the date of the revaluation less subsequent accumulated amortisation and any accumulated
           impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives is recognised on a
           straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation
           method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
           estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

           Inventories
           Inventories mainly include scripts, television series and films in progress and completed, which
           are produced for sale and are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable
           value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of completion
           and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental
           costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to
           make the sale.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   79
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
                 Cash and cash equivalents
                 Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:

                 (a)    cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances
                        that are subject to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting
                        the definition of cash; and

                 (b)    cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of
                        three months or less), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known
                        amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash
                        equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than
                        for investment or other purposes.

                 Financial instruments
                 Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party
                 to the contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial
                 assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales
                 are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
                 established by regulation or convention in the market place.

                 Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade
                 receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance
                 with HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers . Transaction costs that are directly
                 attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than
                 financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the fair value of
                 the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs
                 directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are
                 recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                 The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
                 financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period.
                 The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and
                 payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective
                 interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of
                 the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying
                 amount on initial recognition.




80   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets
           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
           Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised
           cost:

           •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual
                  cash flows; and

           •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                  principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

           All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL.

           (i)    Amortised cost and interest income

                  Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets
                  measured subsequently at amortised cost and is calculated by applying the effective
                  interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets
                  that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that
                  have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
                  effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting
                  period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the
                  financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying
                  the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the
                  beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer
                  credit-impaired.

           (ii)   Financial assets at FVTPL

                  Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost are
                  measured at FVTPL.

                  Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period,
                  with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss
                  recognised in profit or loss excludes any dividend earned on the financial asset and is
                  included in the “other gains and losses” line item.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   81
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
                 Financial instruments (continued)
                 Financial assets (continued)
                 Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9
                 The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit losses (“ECL”) model
                 on financial assets (including trade and other receivables, time deposits and cash and cash
                 equivalents) which are subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments .
                 The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting dates to reflect changes in credit risk since initial
                 recognition.

                 Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected
                 life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of
                 lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months
                 after each reporting date. Assessment are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss
                 experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions
                 and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of
                 future conditions.

                 The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables. The ECL on these credit-
                 impaired trade receivables are assessed individually and the remaining is collectively assessed
                 using provision matrix, estimated based on internal credit rating of trade debtors, taking into
                 consideration of repayment history, customer-specific conditions and past-due status.

                 For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there
                 has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group
                 recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based
                 on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

                 (i)    Significant increase in credit risk

                        In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition,
                        the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at each
                        reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date
                        of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and
                        qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience
                        and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.




82   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets (continued)
           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (continued)
           (i)   Significant increase in credit risk (continued)

                 In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit
                 risk has increased significantly:

                 •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external
                        (if available) or internal credit rating;

                 •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant
                        increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                 •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions
                        that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                        debt obligations;

                 •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

                 •      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                        technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the
                        debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.

                 Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit
                 risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are
                 more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information
                 that demonstrates otherwise.

                 The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether
                 there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to
                 ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before
                 the amount becomes past due.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024    83
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
                 Financial instruments (continued)
                 Financial assets (continued)
                 Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (continued)
                 (ii)    Definition of default

                         For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs
                         when information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that
                         the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into
                         account any collaterals held by the Group).

                         Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial
                         asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable
                         information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

                 (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

                         A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental
                         impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence
                         that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following
                         events:

                         (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                         (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                         (c)    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the
                                borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that
                                the lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or

                         (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                                reorganization.

                 (iv)    Write-off policy

                         The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the
                         counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery,
                         for example, when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into
                         bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement
                         activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where
                         appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are
                         recognised in profit or loss.




84   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets (continued)
           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (continued)
           (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL

                 The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e.
                 the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment
                 of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-
                 looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted
                 amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.
                 Except for credit-impaired trade receivables are assessed for ECL individually, the Group
                 uses a practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables using a provision matrix
                 based on internal credit rating and forward-looking information that is available without
                 undue cost or effort.

                 Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to
                 the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to
                 receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                 For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics
                 when formulating the grouping:

                 •     Past-due status;

                 •     Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

                 •     External credit ratings where available.

                 The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each
                 group continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

                 Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset
                 unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated
                 based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

                 The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial
                 instruments by adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade and other
                 receivables where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance
                 account.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   85
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
                 Financial instruments (continued)
                 Financial assets (continued)
                 Foreign exchange gains and losses
                 The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined
                 in that foreign currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. For
                 financial assets measured at FVTPL that are not part of a designated hedging relationship,
                 exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in the ‘Other gains and losses’ line item as
                 part of the gain/(loss) from changes in fair value of financial assets (note 7).

                 Derecognition of financial assets
                 The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows
                 from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and
                 rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity.

                 On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the
                 asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in
                 profit or loss.

                 Financial liabilities and equity
                 Classification as debt or equity
                 Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance
                 with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definition of a financial liability and
                 an equity instrument.

                 Equity instruments
                 An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity
                 after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at
                 the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

                 Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in
                 equity. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of
                 the Company’s own equity instruments

                 Financial liabilities at amortised cost
                 Financial liabilities including trade and other payables and dividend payable are subsequently
                 measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.




86   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial liabilities and equity (continued)
           Foreign exchange gains and losses
           For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised
           cost at the end of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined
           based on the amortised cost of the instruments. These foreign exchange gains and losses
           are recognised in the ‘Other gains and losses’ line item in profit or loss (note 7) as part of net
           foreign exchange gains (losses) for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging
           relationship.

           Derecognition of financial liabilities
           The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
           discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the
           financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable, is recognised in profit or
           loss.

4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the management of
     the Group is required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of
     assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated
     assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant.
     Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
     estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that
     period or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future
     periods.

     Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
     The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the
     management of the Group has made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that
     have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   87
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



     4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
           UNCERTAINTY (continued)
           Critical judgements in applying accounting policies (continued)
           The Group conducts a substantial portion of the business through the Consolidated Affiliated Entities
           in the PRC due to regulatory restrictions on foreign ownership in the higher and vocational education
           business and television series and film production business in the PRC. The Group does not have any
           equity interest in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. The management of the Group assessed whether
           or not the Group has control over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities based on whether the Group has
           the power over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, has rights to variable returns from its involvement
           with the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, and has the ability to affect those returns through its power
           over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. After assessment, the management of the Group concluded
           that the Group has control over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities as a result of the Contractual
           Arrangements and other measures and accordingly, the assets, liabilities and their operating results of
           the Consolidated Affiliated Entities are included in the consolidated financial statements throughout the
           year or since the respective dates of establishment, whichever is the shorter period.

           Nevertheless, the Contractual Arrangements and other measures may not be as effective as direct
           legal ownership in providing the Group with direct control over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and
           uncertainties presented by the PRC legal system could impede the Group’s beneficiary rights of the
           assets, liabilities and operating results of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. The management of the
           Group, based on the advice of its legal counsel, considers that the Contractual Arrangements are in
           compliance with the relevant PRC laws and regulations and are legally enforceable.

           Key sources of estimation uncertainty
           The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation
           uncertainty at the end of each reporting period, that may have a significant risk of causing a material
           adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

           Provision of ECL for trade receivables
           Trade receivables credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually, and the remaining is estimated
           collectively by using a provision matrix. The provision rates are based on internal credit rating as
           grouping of various debtors taking into consideration repayment history, customer-specific conditions
           and past-due status. At every reporting date, the default rates are reassessed and changes in the
           forward-looking information are considered.

           The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the Group’s
           trade receivables are disclosed in notes 20 and 29.




88   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
                                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
     Types of goods or services
     Recognised over time
     Higher and vocational education service income
       – Higher education programmes                                                              494,629          400,355
       – Continuing education programmes                                                          105,689          107,000
       – International preparatory programmes                                                      54,136           45,522
     Promotion income from livestreaming e-commerce                                                15,237           17,995
     Other income from higher and vocational education                                              8,980            5,981
                                                                                                  678,671          576,853
     Recognised at a point in time
     Sales of inventories                                                                               –           85,003
     Entrance examination fees and others                                                           7,912           34,122
     Artist management service income                                                              74,135           40,646
     Commission income from livestreaming e-commerce
       and others                                                                                  21,641           22,416
                                                                                                  103,688          182,187
                                                                                                  782,359          759,040
     Geographical markets (Note)
     Mainland China                                                                               782,359          758,771
     Others                                                                                             –              269
                                                                                                  782,359          759,040

     Note:   Information about the Group’s revenue is presented based on the location of the customers.


     Performance obligations for contracts with customers
     Revenue from the provision of higher and vocational education services
     Revenue from the provision of higher and vocational education services includes tuition fees and
     boarding fees from higher education programmes, continuing education programmes and international
     preparatory programmes.

     Revenue from tuition and boarding fees is recognised over time. Tuition and boarding fees are generally
     received in advance prior to the commencement of each school year and are initially recorded as
     contract liabilities. Tuition and boarding fees are recognised as revenue proportionately over the relevant
     period of the applicable programme or the beneficial period for the students. The Group’s contracts with
     students for higher vocational education and vocational education services are normally with duration of
     one year and renewed up to total duration of two to four years depending on the education programmes.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   89
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



     5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
           Performance obligations for contracts with customers (continued)
           Revenue from the provision of livestreaming e-commerce services
           The Group conducts live broadcasts on the e-commerce platform, where the hosts of the live broadcasts
           introduce and recommend products to viewers who can order products during the live broadcasts.
           The Group provides promotion services for the merchants on the e-commerce platform. The Group
           is considered as an agent for its contracts with customers relating to the livestreaming e-commerce
           services as the Group did not obtain the control over the products sold through the e-commerce
           platform. Revenue from the provision of livestreaming e-commerce services includes commission
           income and fixed promotion fees.

           Revenue from commission income is recognised at a point in time upon the control of the products
           are transferred to the customer. The Group charges commissions on the sales of the specified goods
           completed through the e-commerce platform based on agreed commission rates.

           Revenue from fixed promotion fees is recognised over the period of the contract by reference to the
           progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation. The progress towards complete
           satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output method. The fixed promotion fee
           contracts are for periods of one year or less.

           Revenue from the provision of artist management services
           The Group concluded that the Group acts as the principal for artist management services considering
           the following:

           (i)     the Group is primarily responsible for fulfilling its promise to its customers with the artist
                   management services as it negotiates the service scope, has discretion to determine which
                   business activities to undertake, which artists will be assigned the plan and how the artists will
                   fulfill the demand of customers for these activities;

           (ii)    the Group bears certain inventory risk as it needs to pay for the costs of styling and photography
                   services provided by third-party vendors and the staff costs (including those staff who work
                   together with the artist on these business activities) and does not have an unconditional right to
                   all the revenue until it has provided the services to the customers; and

           (iii)   the Group has discretion in establishing the contract price for these business activities with the
                   customers. The Group can negotiate the service terms and pricing separately with the artists and
                   third-party vendors who provide styling and photography services.

           The Group recognises revenue from artist management services at a point in time, on a gross basis and
           recognises fulfillment costs in the cost of revenue, such as the revenue-sharing with the artists, the
           costs of styling and photography services and the staff costs.




90   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     Performance obligations for contracts with customers (continued)
     Revenue from sale of inventories
     Revenue from sales of inventories, representing television series and film products produced for sales, is
     recognised at a point in time upon television series and film products are delivered to the customers in
     accordance with the contracts, provided that there is no further obligation to be performed or fulfilled.

     Revenue from entrance examination fee and others
     Revenue from entrance examination fees and others includes entrance examination fee income and
     sale of groceries. Entrance examination fees is mainly received from students who intend to major in
     certain media and arts subjects, a separated examination is organised by CUCN every year to test the
     professional skills of the students in addition to standard academic university entrance exams. The
     entrance examination fees are received from students before the services provided and are initially
     recorded as contract liabilities, which is recognised at point in time upon the completion of the
     related examinations. Sale of groceries is recognised at a point in time upon goods are delivered to the
     customers.

     Revenue from other service income
     Revenue from the provision of other services mainly includes canteen and grocery management service
     income and education management service income, which is recognised over time by reference to the
     service provided.

     Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts with customers
     The contracts for higher and vocational education, television series and film production, livestreaming
     e-commerce and artist management are for period of one year or less. As permitted under HKFRS 15, the
     transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

     Segment information
     The Group’s operating segments are based on information prepared and reported to the chief executive
     officer and executive directors of the Company, being the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), for
     the purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment.

     The CODM had identified two reportable and operating segments, namely higher and vocational
     education segment and entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce segment.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   91
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



     5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
           Segment information (continued)
           Segment revenues and results
           The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by reportable segments:

           For the year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                                 Entertainment
                                                                    Higher and              and
                                                                    vocational    livestreaming
                                                                     education      e-commerce         Total
                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000
           Segment revenue
             External sales                                            671,346          111,013      782,359
           Segment profit (loss)                                       246,272         (129,910)     116,362
           Unallocated other income                                                                    18,344
           Unallocated other gains and losses                                                            (219)
           Unallocated corporate expenses                                                             (17,212)
           Profit before tax                                                                         117,275


           For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                 Entertainment
                                                                    Higher and              and
                                                                    vocational    livestreaming
                                                                     education      e-commerce         Total
                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000
           Segment revenue
             External sales                                            592,980          166,060      759,040
           Segment profit (loss)                                       182,411         (354,285)     (171,874)
           Unallocated other income                                                                     7,591
           Unallocated other gains and losses                                                              23
           Unallocated corporate expenses                                                             (16,969)
           Loss before tax                                                                           (181,229)


           The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies
           described in note 3. Segment profit/loss represents the profit earned by/loss from each segment and
           excludes certain other income, certain other gains and losses and corporate expenses. This is the
           measure reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.




92   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     Segment information (continued)
     Segment assets and liabilities
     The CODM makes decisions according to operating results of each segment. No analysis of segment
     asset and segment liability is presented as the CODM does not regularly review such information for the
     purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment. Therefore, only segment revenue and
     segment results are presented.

     Other information
     For the year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                           Entertainment
                                                             Higher and               and
                                                             vocational     livestreaming
                                                              education       e-commerce            Total
                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000
     Amounts included in the measure of segment profit:
     Depreciation of property and equipment                      64,016            1,774            65,790
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                          2,901            9,379            12,280
     Amortisation of intangible assets                              259           10,384            10,643
     Write-down of inventories                                        –           20,378            20,378
     Impairment loss on trade and other receivables
       recognised in profit or loss                              79,830           79,741           159,571


     For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                           Entertainment
                                                             Higher and               and
                                                             vocational     livestreaming
                                                              education       e-commerce            Total
                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000
     Amounts included in the measure of segment profit:
     Depreciation of property and equipment                       54,701           1,794            56,495
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                           2,901           9,260            12,161
     Amortisation of intangible assets                                99           9,008             9,107
     Write-down of inventories                                         –          20,003            20,003
     Impairment loss on prepayment for
       television series production                                    –          63,000            63,000
     Impairment loss on trade and other receivables
       recognised in profit or loss                               95,502         241,164           336,666




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   93
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



     5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
           Segment information (continued)
           Other information (continued)
           Information about major customers
           Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of the total sales of the
           Group are as follows:

                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                          2024             2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
           Customer A                                                                                           –                 82,075


     6.    OTHER INCOME
                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                          2024             2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
           Interest income from banks                                                                    16,813                     4,713
           Miscellaneous service income                                                                   8,912                     4,733
           Donation income                                                                                6,138                         –
           Government grants (Note)                                                                       3,491                     6,160
           Interest income from consideration receivables (note 20)                                       1,531                     2,878
           Others                                                                                         2,962                     2,867
                                                                                                         39,847                    21,351

           Note:   Government grants mainly represented subsidies granted by local governments for encouraging domestic business
                   development are recognised upon receipt. There were no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these subsidies.


     7.    OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                          2024             2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
           Gains from changes in fair value of financial assets
             measured at FVTPL                                                                               657                    1,537
           Losses on termination of a lease agreement                                                          –                      (76)
           Net losses on disposal of property and equipment                                                  (24)                  (1,536)
           Net foreign exchange (losses) gains                                                              (219)                      23
                                                                                                             414                       (52)




94   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



8.    IMPAIRMENT LOSSES UNDER EXPECTED CREDIT LOSS MODEL, NET OF REVERSAL
                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
      Impairment losses recognised:
        – trade receivables                                                       80,128              241,117
        – other receivables                                                       79,443               95,549
                                                                                 159,571             336,666


      Details of impairment assessment are set out in note 29.

9.    FINANCE COSTS
                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
      Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                         965                1,327


10.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CREDIT)
                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
      PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)
       – current tax                                                                 580                  131
       – deferred tax (note 18)                                                     (216)                (293)
                                                                                     364                 (162)


      The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands and its directly owned subsidiary, Cathay Media
      Group (BVI) Inc. was incorporated in the BVI, and are tax exempted as they involve no business carried out
      in the Cayman Islands and the BVI under the tax laws of the Cayman Islands and the BVI, respectively.

      No provision of Hong Kong Profits Tax was made in these consolidated financial statements as the Group
      had no assessable profit subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax during both years.

      Pursuant to the Enterprise Income Tax Law and Implementation Regulations of the Law of the PRC (the
      “EIT Law of the PRC”), the statutory tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both years.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   95
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



     10.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CREDIT) (continued)
           Certain subsidiaries of the Company are subject to small and thin-profit enterprises and entitled to the
           preferential tax rate of 20% with 75% reduction on annual taxable income during both years.

           According to the relevant provisions of Implementation Rules for the Law for Promoting Private
           Education and the Implementation Rules, private schools, which are providing academic qualification
           education, are eligible to enjoy income tax exemption treatment if the school sponsors of such schools
           do not require reasonable returns or the schools are elected to be not-for-profit schools. In June 2021,
           the Group submitted the application for the election for the conversion of CUCN into for-profit private
           school (the “Conversion”) in accordance with these laws and regulations. As at 31 December 2024
           and 2023, the Conversion was still in process and the tax positions of CUCN has not been changed for
           both years. CUCN followed previous EIT preferential treatments according to the current tax practice.
           During the year ended 31 December 2024, the non-taxable income amounted to RMB660,364,000 (2023:
           RMB586,533,000), and the related non-deductible expenses amounted to RMB413,373,000 (2023:
           RMB399,685,000).

           The income tax expense (credit) for the year can be reconciled to the profit (loss) before tax per the
           consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2024             2023
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000
           Profit (loss) before tax                                                  117,275            (181,229)
           Tax at PRC EIT rate of 25%                                                29,319              (45,307)
           Tax effect on expenses not deductible for tax purposes                   104,812              101,209
           Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                        (165,091)            (146,633)
           Tax effect of deductible temporary differences not recognised             26,183               65,448
           Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                    5,598               25,566
           Income tax at concessionary rate                                            (457)                (445)
           Income tax expense (credit) for the year                                      364                (162)




96   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



11.   PROFIT (LOSS) FOR THE YEAR
      Profit (loss) for the year has been arrived at after charging:

                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2024             2023
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
      Directors’ remuneration                                                      5,715              5,682
      Other staff costs
        – salaries and other allowances                                          166,186           149,071
        – retirement benefit scheme contributions                                 30,579            21,013
        – Share-based payments                                                     1,534             1,204
      Total staff costs                                                          204,014           176,970
      Depreciation of property and equipment                                      65,790            56,495
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                         12,280            12,246
      Amortisation of intangible assets                                           10,643             9,107
      Total depreciation and amortization                                         88,713             77,848
      Less: Capitalised in construction in progress                                    –                (85)
                                                                                  88,713             77,763
      Write-down of inventories (included in cost of revenue)                     20,378            20,003
      Impairment loss on prepayment for television series production
        (included in cost of revenue)                                                  –            63,000
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                       3,834             3,962




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   97
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



     12.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
           Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
           Details of the emoluments paid or payable by the Group to directors and chief executive of the Company
           for both years are as follows:
                                                                                          Retirement
                                                                               Salaries       benefit
                                                                              and other      scheme
                                                                    Fees    allowances contributions        Total
                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000
           For the year ended 31 December 2024
           Executive directors:
             Mr. Pu Shulin                                            200         1,200            –         1,400
             Ms. Jacqueline Luo                                       200           960            –         1,160
             Mr. Wu Ye                                                200           218           85           503
             Mr. Lau Chi Hung                                         200         1,836           16         2,052
           Sub-total                                                  800         4,214          101         5,115
           Independent non-executive directors:
             Mr. Zhang Jizhong                                        200            –             –          200
             Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis                                 200            –             –          200
             Mr. Huang Yu                                             200            –             –          200
           Sub-total                                                  600            –             –          600
           Total                                                    1,400         4,214          101         5,715
           For the year ended 31 December 2023
           Executive directors:
             Mr. Pu Shulin                                            200         1,200            –         1,400
             Ms. Jacqueline Luo (appointed on 27 June 2023)           100           960            –         1,060
             Mr. Wu Ye                                                200           218           85           503
             Mr. Yan Xiang (resigned on 27 June 2023)                 100             –            –           100
             Mr. Lau Chi Hung                                         200         1,803           16         2,019
           Sub-total                                                  800         4,181          101         5,082
           Independent non-executive directors:
             Mr. Zhang Jizhong                                        200            –             –          200
             Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis                                 200            –             –          200
             Mr. Huang Yu                                             200            –             –          200
           Sub-total                                                  600            –             –          600
           Total                                                    1,400         4,181          101         5,682


           The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the
           management of the affairs of the Company and the Group. Mr. Pu Shulin is also the chief executive officer
           of the Company and his emoluments disclosed above also include those for services rendered by him as
           the chief executive officer.

           The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors
           of the Company.




98   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



12.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (continued)
      Employees’ emoluments
      The five highest paid employees of the Group during the year included three (2023: three) directors,
      details of whose emoluments are included in the disclosures above. Details of the emoluments for
      the year of the remaining two (2023: two) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief
      executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
      Salaries and other benefits                                                  1,774                1,292
      Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                        321                  258
      Share-based payments                                                         1,534                1,204
                                                                                   3,629                2,754


      The number of the highest paid employees who are not the directors of the Company whose emoluments
      fell within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                                  No. of            No. of
                                                                              employees         employees
      HK$1 to HK$1,000,000                                                             –                    1
      HK$1,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                     2                    1
                                                                                        2                   2


      During both years, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the executive directors, independent
      non-executive directors, or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the
      Group or as compensation for loss of office.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   99
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



      13.   DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000
            Dividends for ordinary shareholders of the Company
              recognised as distribution during the year:
              2024 interim dividend of nil (2023: 2023 interim
                dividend of HK$0.03) per share                                                                   –                 45,546
              2023 special dividend of HK$0.06 (2023: 2022 special
                dividend of nil) per share                                                                90,338                          –
                                                                                                          90,338                   45,546


            Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a final dividend of HK$0.03 per ordinary share and a
            special dividend of HK$0.03 per ordinary share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2024, in an
            aggregate amount of approximately HK$99,296,000 (2023: HK$99,296,000), have been proposed by
            the directors of the Company and are subject to approval by the shareholders of the Company in the
            forthcoming annual general meeting.

      14.   EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE
            The calculation of basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to owners of the Company is
            based on the following data:

                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000
            Earnings (loss)
            Profit (loss) for the year attributable to owners of the
              Company for the purpose of basic and
              diluted earnings (loss) per share                                                           92,064                 (196,265)


                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                                                            ‘000             ‘000
            Number of shares
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
              purpose of basic earnings (loss) per share                                              1,622,937                 1,622,937
            Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares
              – share options (Note)                                                                             –                        –
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
             purpose of diluted earnings (loss) per share                                             1,622,937                 1,622,937

            Note:   The computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 did not assume the
                    exercise of the Company’s share options granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme as defined in note 27 as the
                    exercise price of the share options was higher than the average market price for shares for both years. No diluted earnings
                    (loss) per share was presented as there were no potential ordinary shares in issue for the years ended 31 December 2024 and
                    2023.




100   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



15.   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
                              Buildings    Furniture
                                    and           and     Motor      Electronic  Leasehold     Construction
                              facilities     fixtures   vehicles    equipment improvements      in progress      Total
                              RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000
      COST
      At 1 January 2023       1,117,128     112,364       8,528       172,204         5,034         106,147    1,521,405
      Additions                       –       8,488      10,466         7,974         1,865         231,609      260,402
      Disposal/write-off              –           –           –             –        (1,865)              –        (1,865)
      Transfer                  337,756           –           –             –             –        (337,756)            –
      At 31 December 2023     1,454,884     120,852      18,994       180,178        5,034                –    1,779,942
      Additions                       –       8,216            –        5,266            –           26,290       39,772
      Disposals/write-off             –           –       (1,305)           –            –                –        (1,305)
      Transfer                   25,938           –            –            –            –          (25,938)            –
      At 31 December 2024     1,480,822     129,068       17,689      185,444        5,034             352     1,818,409
      DEPRECIATION
      At 1 January 2023        263,843       86,654        6,020      124,742          260                –     481,519
      Provided for the year     31,861        8,957        1,656       11,812        2,209                –      56,495
      Disposal/write-off             –            –            –            –         (329)               –        (329)
      At 31 December 2023      295,704       95,611        7,676      136,554        2,140                –      537,685
      Provided for the year     40,552       10,631        1,846       11,748        1,013                –       65,790
      Disposals/write-off            –            –       (1,240)           –            –                –       (1,240)
      At 31 December 2024      336,256      106,242        8,282      148,302        3,153                –     602,235
      CARRYING VALUES
      At 31 December 2024     1,144,566      22,826       9,407        37,142        1,881             352     1,216,174
      At 31 December 2023     1,159,180      25,241       11,318       43,624        2,894                –    1,242,257


      The above items of property and equipment other than construction in progress are depreciated on a
      straight-line basis, after taking into account their estimated residual value, at the following useful life:

      Buildings and facilities                                                                         20-50 years
      Furniture and fixtures                                                                             3-5 years
      Motor vehicles                                                                                     4-8 years
      Electronic equipment                                                                               3-5 years
      Leasehold improvements                                                       Shorter of lease term or 5 years

      As of 31 December 2024, the Group is in the process of obtaining title deeds of buildings with carrying
      value of RMB666,054,000 (2023: RMB665,731,000).




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024     101
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



      16.   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                                         Leasehold           Leased
                                                                             lands        properties         Total
                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000
            As at 31 December 2024
            Carrying amounts                                               106,521             17,838       124,359
            As at 31 December 2023
            Carrying amounts                                               109,422             27,217       136,639
            For the year ended 31 December 2024
            Depreciation charge                                               2,901             9,379        12,280
            For the year ended 31 December 2023
            Depreciation charge                                               2,901             9,345        12,246
            Capitalised in construction in progress                               –               (85)          (85)
                                                                              2,901             9,260         12,161


                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2024             2023
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000
            Expense relating to short-term leases                                           2,004              1,170
            Total cash outflow for leases                                                   7,161              6,854
            Additions to right-of-use assets from
              – new leases of properties in the PRC                                              –             2,981


            The above items of right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the terms of the
            leases.

            As at 31 December 2024, the carrying values of the leasehold lands of RMB106,521,000 (2023:
            RMB109,422,000) are allocated by the government, which have no definite lease term stated in
            the relevant land use rights certificates. However, without the relevant administrative authorities’
            permission, the Group cannot transfer, lease or pledge as security such land use rights allocated by the
            government. The leasehold lands are amortised on a straight-line basis over a period of 50 years, which
            is based on the lease terms or estimated by the management with reference to the normal terms in the
            PRC.

            The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for staff apartments and offices. As at 31 December
            2024 and 2023, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which
            the short-term lease expenses disclosed above.

            Details of the lease maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in notes 25 and 29.




102   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



17.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                Exclusive
                                                              cooperation
                                                               agreement         Software            Total
                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000
      COST
      At 1 January 2023                                                 –            3,488            3,488
      Additions                                                    41,321              938           42,259
      At 31 December 2023                                          41,321            4,426           45,747
      Additions                                                         –              236              236
      At 31 December 2024                                          41,321            4,662           45,983
      AMORTISATION
      At 1 January 2023                                                  –           2,360             2,360
      Additions                                                      8,775             332             9,107
      At 31 December 2023                                           8,775            2,692           11,467
      Additions                                                    10,142              501           10,643
      At 31 December 2024                                          18,917            3,193           22,110
      CARRYING VALUES
      At 31 December 2024                                          22,404            1,469           23,873
      At 31 December 2023                                          32,546            1,734           34,280


      On 12 May 2023, the Group entered into an exclusive cooperation agreement (the “Exclusive Cooperation
      Agreement”) with an independent third-party entity and three individuals, pursuant to which the parties
      agreed to exclusive cooperation in the livestreaming e-commerce and entertainment management for
      three-years period and made the upfront payments of RMB43,800,000. On the commencement date, the
      Group recognised RMB41,321,000 (excluding value added tax) of the Exclusive Cooperation Agreement,
      which will be amortised on a straight-line basis over three years. Details of the Exclusive Cooperation
      Agreement were set out in the announcement of the Company dated on 31 May 2023.

      The above intangible assets have finite useful lives and are amortised on a straight-line basis over the
      following periods:

      Exclusive cooperation agreement                                                                  3 years
      Software                                                                                         3 years




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   103
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



      18.   DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
            For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred
            tax assets and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for
            financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                         2024             2023
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000
            Deferred tax assets                                                           3,644                4,692
            Deferred tax liabilities                                                     (3,265)              (4,529)
                                                                                            379                  163


            The following are the major deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised and movements thereon during
            the current and prior years:

                                                                            Lease     Right-of-use
                                                                        liabilities         assets           Total
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000
            At 1 January 2023                                               5,664            (5,794)            (130)
            (Charge) credit to profit or loss                                (972)            1,265              293
            At 31 December 2023                                              4,692           (4,529)             163
            (Charge) credit to profit or loss                               (1,048)           1,264              216
            At 31 December 2024                                             3,644            (3,265)             379


            Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits
            earned by PRC subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, no
            deferred tax liabilities regarding the withholding tax has been provided as the PRC subsidiaries will not
            declare any dividend to holding companies outside mainland China in the foreseeable future.

            As at 31 December 2024, the Group has unrecognised deductible temporary differences of
            RMB696,158,000 (2023: RMB591,425,000). In the opinion of the directors of the Company, no deferred tax
            asset is recognised in relation to such deductible temporary differences as it is not probable that taxable
            profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilised.

            As at 31 December 2024, the Group has unrecognised tax losses of RMB288,174,000 (2023:
            RMB266,334,000), among which tax losses amounted to RMB287,849,000 (2023: RMB262,984,000)
            will expire at various dates up to and including 2029 and tax losses amounted to RMB325,000 (2023:
            RMB3,350,000) has no expiry date. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, no deferred tax assets
            in respect of tax losses are recognised due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.




104   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



19.   INVENTORIES
                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
      Scripts                                                                     8,902             8,902
      Television series and films completed                                       4,528            24,906
      Other products                                                                861               167
                                                                                14,291             33,975


20.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
      Trade receivables
        – from entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce                      576,259            575,594
        – from higher and vocational education                                  15,908              4,980
                                                                                592,167           580,574
      Less: Allowance for credit losses (Note ii)                              (492,415)         (412,287)
                                                                                 99,752           168,287
      Other receivables and prepayments
      Loan Receivables (defined below) (Note i)                                 420,000           420,000
      Less: Allowance for credit losses (Notes i and ii)                       (240,749)         (161,306)
                                                                               179,251            258,694
      Consideration receivables (Note iii)                                      10,000             33,469
      Prepayment for services                                                   12,773              9,815
      Interest receivables from banks                                            8,201                  –
      Miscellaneous deposits                                                     6,261              2,933
      Value added tax recoverable                                                5,554              6,415
      Receivables from service providers                                         5,541              4,292
      Others                                                                    13,640              6,991
                                                                                241,221           322,609
                                                                               340,973            490,896
      Analysed as:
       – Current                                                               333,486            490,896
       – Non-current                                                             7,487                  –
                                                                               340,973            490,896




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   105
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



      20.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
            Notes:

            i.       On 21 June 2021, Nanjing Lanchou entered into the sale and purchase agreement with Jiangsu China Red Science and
                     Education Investment Group Nanjing Energy and Technology Co. Ltd.（江蘇華紅科教投資集團南京能源科技有限公司）(the
                     “Transferor”), pursuant to which Nanjing Lanchou agreed to acquire the entire equity interests of Jiangsu China Red Science
                     and Education and Investment Group Co., Ltd.（江蘇華紅科教投資集團有限公司）(the “Target Company”) for an aggregate
                     cash consideration of RMB450,000,000 which may be adjusted to RMB250,000,000 if certain conditions precedent (including
                     completion of transfer of an additional land lot for the operation of the Olympic College of Nanjing Sport Institute（南京體
                     育學院奧林匹克學院）(the “Olympic College”) cannot be satisfied within 36 months from the date of the sale and purchase
                     agreement.

                     To facilitate the series of restructuring stated in the sale and purchase agreement, Nanjing Lanchou has also entered into
                     two loan agreements, pursuant to which Nanjing Lanchou shall grant to the Transferor two bridging loans in the principal
                     amounts of RMB250,000,000 (“250M Bridging Loan”) and RMB170,000,000 (“170M Bridging Loan”), respectively (collectively
                     referred as the “Loan Receivables”). The Loan Receivables were non-interest bearing with maturity date of six months, among
                     which RMB410,000,000 shall not be used for any purpose other than agreed terms in the loan agreements. Mr. Ye Hua and Ms.
                     Gao Jiehong, the founders of the Transferor, has provided the personal guarantee and pledged their 67% and 33% of equity
                     interests in the Transferor as well as their 9% equity interests in Jiangsu Zijin Science and Education Investment Co., Ltd.（江
                     蘇紫金科教投資有限公司）(“Jiangsu Zijin”) to Nanjing Lanchou as collaterals for the Loan Receivables.

                     As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Loan Receivables were not repaid and were overdue by the Transferor.

                     The directors of the Company are of the view that, after seeking legal advice and support from the independent valuer, the
                     market value of the pledged assets held by the Transferor and the founders of the Transferor, including 100% equity interests
                     of the Transferor and 9% equity interests of Jiangsu Zijin, will be approximately RMB179,251,000 (2023: RMB258,694,000)
                     as at the end of the reporting period, and the Group has recognised allowance for credit loss amounting to RMB240,749,000
                     (2023: RMB161,306,000) as at the end of the reporting period.

            ii.      Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables are set out in note 29.

            iii.     Pursuant to the unwind agreement as disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 28 March 2022, consideration
                     receivables were secured by 20% equity interests of Beijing Shuimu Huaxia Education Technology Co., Ltd.（北京水木華夏
                     教育科技有限公司）. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group has not recognised a loss allowance for consideration
                     receivables as a result of these collaterals.


            As at 1 January 2023, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to RMB345,718,000.

            The following is an ageing analysis of trade receivables net of allowance for credit losses presented
            based on the revenue recognition dates:

                                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                                             2024             2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000
            Less than 1 year                                                                                   24,807                  88,958
            1 to 2 years                                                                                       74,945                       –
            2 to 3 years                                                                                            –                  38,349
            Over 3 years                                                                                            –                  40,980
                                                                                                               99,752                168,287


            The Group allows a credit period ranging from three months to one year to its customers. As at 31
            December 2024, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate carrying
            amount of RMB74,945,000 (2023: RMB79,329,000) which are past due but not impaired as at the
            reporting date.




106   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



21.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                                        2024             2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
      Financial assets mandatorily measured at FVTPL (Note i) :
        – Financial investment on films (Note ii)                                                       31,375                 45,569
        – Structured deposits (Note iii)                                                               355,420                335,946
        – Listed equity investments in the PRC                                                               –                    756
        – Unquoted fund investments                                                                          –                 39,300
                                                                                                       386,795                421,571
      Analysed as:
        – Current                                                                                      386,795                421,571

      Notes:

      i.       Details of the fair value measurement for financial assets at FVTPL are set out in note 29.

      ii.      The financial investment on films was an investment that the Group solely provided funding, and was not entitled to the film
               copyrights. In assessing the fair value of the investment, the estimated future cash flows which based on the contractual
               terms was discounted with using discount rate that reflects the credit risk of the counterparty.

      iii.     The structured deposits were short-term investments issued by banks and financial institutions with no predetermined
               or guaranteed return and were not principal protected. These financial assets were with expected rates of return (not
               guaranteed), depending on the market price of underlying financial instruments, including listed shares, bonds, debentures
               and other financial assets.


22.   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS/TIME DEPOSITS
      Cash and cash equivalents include demand deposits and short-term deposits for the purpose of meeting
      the Group’s short term cash commitments, which carry interest at market rates range from 0.01% to
      4.25% (2023: 0.01% to 4.65%).

      As at 31 December 2024, time deposits of RMB30 million carried fixed interest rate of 3.10% (2023:
      1.70% to 4.60%) per annum and will be matured over three months but within one year. Time deposits of
      RMB230 million carried fixed interest rates ranging from 2.70% to 3.10% per annum and will be matured
      over one year.

23.   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                                        2024             2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
      Trade payables                                                                                    67,085                 63,462
      Payables for property and equipment                                                               54,226                121,821
      Payroll payables                                                                                  25,702                 22,990
      Miscellaneous deposits received from students                                                     21,014                 18,059
      Deposits from construction suppliers                                                               9,513                  8,434
      Discretionary subsidies received on behalf of students                                             2,079                    574
      Value added tax and other taxes payable                                                            4,850                  4,878
      Other payables                                                                                     6,600                  5,138
                                                                                                       191,069                245,356




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024       107
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



      23.   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (continued)
            The following is an ageing analysis of trade payables presented based on the transaction dates.

                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                        2024             2023
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
            Within 1 year                                                             17,789              17,395
            1 to 2 years                                                               3,568               2,206
            Over 2 years                                                              45,728              43,861
                                                                                       67,085             63,462


      24.   CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                        2024             2023
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
            Contract liabilities
              – from entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce                        26,695              28,320
              – from higher and vocational education                                  358,147             347,989
                                                                                     384,842             376,309
            Analysed as:
             – Current                                                               384,842             376,309


            As at 1 January 2023, contract liabilities amounted to RMB300,507,000.

            Contract liabilities as at 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2023, amounted to RMB300,507,000 and
            RMB376,309,000 respectively, were recognised as revenue during the years ended 31 December 2023
            and 2024 respectively.

      25.   LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                        2024             2023
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
            Lease liabilities payable:
            Within one year                                                             5,447                  4,192
            Within a period of more than one year but not more than
              two years                                                                 5,965                 5,447
            Within a period of more than two years but not more than
              five years                                                                3,164                  9,129
                                                                                      14,576                  18,768
            Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months shown
              under current liabilities                                                (5,447)                (4,192)
            Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
             non-current liabilities                                                    9,129             14,576


            The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities was 6.00% (2023: 6.00%).




108   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



26.   SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                               Shown in the
                                                                                               consolidated
                                                                Number of            Share         financial
                                                                   shares           Capital     statements
                                                                                      HK$          RMB’000
      Ordinary shares of HK$0.00001 each
      Authorised:
      At 1 January 2023, 31 December 2023 and
        31 December 2024                                    5,000,000,000            50,000
      Issued and fully paid:
      At 1 January 2023, 31 December 2023 and
        31 December 2024                                     1,654,937,000           16,549               117


      During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, there were no shares issued, repurchased and
      cancelled by the Company.

      None of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
      during the year.

27.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
      The Company has adopted two share schemes, namely the post initial public offering share award
      scheme (the “Post-IPO Share Award Scheme”) and the post initial public offering share option scheme
      (the “Post-IPO Share Option Scheme”).

      Post-IPO Share Award Scheme
      On 24 September 2021, the Company adopted the share award scheme (the “Post-IPO Share Award
      Scheme”) to align the interests of eligible persons with those of the Company through ownership of
      shares, dividends and other distributions paid on shares and/or the increase in value of the shares, and
      to encourage and retain eligible persons to make contributions to the long-term growth and profits of the
      Group. The Company has established the Cathay Media and Education Share Incentive (the “Trust”) to
      administer and hold the Company’s shares before they are vested and transferred. The Trust purchased
      the Company’s shares from the open market using cash contributed by the Company, not permitted to
      exceed 32,000,000 shares without further shareholders’ approval.

      As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, 32,000,000 shares in a total consideration of HK$63,102,000
      (equivalent to RMB52,411,000) were recognised as treasury shares for presentation in the consolidated
      statement of changes in equity.

      No shares were granted under the share award scheme by the Company for both years.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   109
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



      27.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
            The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was adopted pursuant to the written resolutions of the shareholders
            passed on 22 June 2020 to provide eligible persons with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests
            in the Company and to encourage the eligible person to work towards enhancing the value of the
            Company.

            On 30 May 2023, the Company granted 10,000,000 options to an employee of the Group pursuant to the
            Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. The details of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme are as follows:

                                                                                       Number of
                                                                                          options     Fair value at
            Date of grant          Vesting period         Exercise period            to be vested       grant date
                                                                                                               HK$
            31 May 2023            31 May 2023            1 May 2024                    2,000,000          852,000
                                     ~ 30 April 2024        ~ 30 May 2028

            31 May 2023            31 May 2023            1 May 2025                    3,000,000        1,285,000
                                     ~ 30 April 2025        ~ 30 May 2028

            31 May 2023            31 May 2023            1 May 2026                    3,000,000        1,264,000
                                     ~ 30 April 2026        ~ 30 May 2028

            31 May 2023            31 May 2023            1 November 2026               2,000,000          830,000
                                     ~ 30 October 2026      ~ 30 May 2028

            No option was exercised during both years. The Group recognised the total expense of RMB1,534,000
            during the year ended 31 December 2024 in relation to Post-IPO Share Option granted by the Company
            (2023: RMB1,204,000).

            The fair value of the Post-IPO Share Option was determined at the date of grant using the binomial
            option-pricing model. Option valuation model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions,
            including the option’s expected life and the price volatility of the underlying shares, and changes in the
            subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate of share options.

            Stock price as at grant date                                                                      HK$1.4
            Exercise price                                                                                    HK$1.4
            Expected volatility                                                                               49.63%
            Expected life                                                                                  2.32 years
            Risk-free rate                                                                                  3.3372%
            Expected dividend yield                                                                            6.43%




110   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



27.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      Post-IPO Share Option Scheme (continued)
      The binomial option-pricing model has been used to estimate the fair value of the options. The variables
      and assumptions used in computing the fair value of the share options are based on the directors’ best
      estimate. Expected volatility was determined by using the historical volatility of comparable company’s
      share prices with discounts for lack of marketability. Changes in variables and assumptions may result in
      changes in the fair value of the options.

      As at 31 December 2024, the number of shares in respect of which options had been granted and
      remained outstanding under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was 10,000,000 (2023: 10,000,000).

28.   CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
      The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going
      concern while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity
      balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

      The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes lease liabilities disclosed in
      note 25, net of cash and cash equivalents and equity attributable attributable to owners of the Group,
      comprising issued share capital, retained profits and other reserves.

      The management reviews the capital structure on a semi-annual basis. As part of this review, the
      management considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on
      recommendations of the management, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the
      payment of dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs as well as the issue of new debt or the
      redemption of existing debt.

29.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      A.    Categories of financial instruments
                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
            Financial assets
            Financial assets at FVTPL                                           386,795              421,571
            Financial assets at amortised cost                                1,273,416            1,193,082
            Financial liabilities
            Financial liabilities at amortised cost                             181,467             238,438




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   111
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



      29.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            B.    Financial risk management objectives and policies
                  The Group’s major financial instruments include trade and other receivables, financial assets at
                  FVTPL, time deposits, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables and dividend payable.
                  Details of the financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with
                  these financial instruments include market risk (currency risk and interest rate risk), credit risk
                  and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management
                  of the Group manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are
                  implemented on a timely and effective manner.

                  Market risk
                  (i)    Currency risk
                         Certain of the Group’s bank balances and trade and other payables are denominated in
                         HK$, US$ and Great Britain Pound (“GBP”), which expose the Group to foreign currency risk
                         attributable to the fluctuations in the exchange rates of the relevant foreign currencies
                         against the functional currency of the respective group entities.

                         The carrying amounts of the Group’s monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the
                         reporting date that are denominated in foreign currencies are as follows:

                                                            Assets                          Liabilities
                                                         2024            2023              2024           2023
                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000
                         HK$                                  4                4                –                –
                         US$                                 96               58                –                –
                         GBP                              1,987              831                –                –


                         The Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging policy. However, the
                         management monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant
                         foreign currency exposure when the need arises.

                        Sensitivity analysis
                         The Group is mainly exposed to the fluctuation of relevant foreign currencies against RMB.

                         The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2023: 5%) increase and decrease
                         in RMB against GBP. 5% (2023: 5%) is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign
                         currency risk internally to the key management personnel and represents management’s
                         assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity
                         analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and
                         adjusts their translation at the end of the reporting date for a 5% (2023: 5%) change in
                         foreign currency rates. A positive number below indicates an increase in post-tax profit
                         and other equity where RMB strengthen 5% (2023: 5%) against GBP. For a 5% (2023: 5%)
                         weakening of RMB against GBP, there would be an equal and opposite impact on the profit
                         and other comprehensive income and the amounts below would be negative.




112   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



29.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      B.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
           Market risk (continued)
           (i)    Currency risk (continued)
                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
                  GBP impact                                                        (75)                (31)


           (ii)   Interest rate risk
                  The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate deposits and
                  lease liabilities. The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to
                  variable-rate bank balances.

                  The Group will continue to monitor the exposure on cash flow interest rate risk and will
                  consider hedging the interest rate should the need arise. In the management’s opinion, the
                  Group does not have material interest rate risk exposure and hence no sensitivity analysis
                  is presented.

           Credit risk and impairment assessment
           Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group’s counterparties default on their contractual
           obligations resulting in financial losses to the Group. The Group’s credit risk exposures are
           primarily attributable to trade receivables, Loan Receivables, consideration receivables, other
           receivables, time deposits and cash and cash equivalents. The Group does not hold any collateral
           or other credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its financial assets, except
           for the credit risks associated with Loan Receivables and consideration receivables.

           Trade receivables
           Trade receivables from entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce are mainly due from
           television series stations, online platforms and other third-party distributors. Payment terms
           are negotiated on an individual contract basis and varies for each customer. The Group has
           concentration of credit risk as 52.64 % (2023: 53.70 %) and 95.81% (2023: 97.39%) of the total
           trade receivables was due from the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers
           respectively within the entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce segment.

           Trade receivables from higher and vocational education are mainly due from students and
           canteen operators, which contributed 2.69% (2023: 0.86%) of the total trade receivables of the
           Group.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   113
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



      29.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            B.    Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                  Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
                  Trade receivables (continued)
                  In order to minimise the credit risk, the management has delegated a team responsible for
                  determination of credit limits and credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure
                  that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts.

                  In addition, the Group performs individual impairment assessment under ECL model on these
                  credit-impaired trade receivables. Except for items that are assessed for impairment individually,
                  the remaining trade receivables are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics by
                  reference to the Group’s internal credit rating, taking into account repayment history, customer-
                  specific conditions and past-due status.

                  Loan Receivables and consideration receivables
                  The management estimates the estimated loss rates of Loan Receivables and consideration
                  receivables based on the payment history of the debtors as well as the fair value of the
                  collateral pledged to the Loan Receivables and consideration receivables, respectively. Based on
                  assessment by the management, the allowances are recognised based on the estimated realised
                  amount of ultimate disposal of the collaterals.

                  Other receivables
                  For other receivable (other than Loan Receivables and consideration receivables), the
                  management makes periodic individual assessment on the recoverability of other receivables
                  based on historical settlement records, past experience, and also quantitative and qualitative
                  information that is reasonable and supportive forward-looking information. The management
                  believes that there is no significant increase in credit risk of these amounts since initial
                  recognition and the Group provided impairment based on 12m ECL. For the years ended 31
                  December 2024 and 2023, the Group assessed the ECL for other receivables is insignificant and
                  thus no loss allowance is recognised.




114   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



29.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      B.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
           Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
           Time deposits and cash and cash equivalents
           Credit risk on time deposits and cash and cash equivalents is limited because the counterparties
           are reputable banks with high credit ratings assigned by credit agencies. The 12m ECL on time
           deposits and cash and cash equivalents is considered to be insignificant and therefore no loss
           allowance was recognised.

           The following table shows the Group’s credit risk grading framework in respect of financial assets:

           Internal credit                                                               Other financial
           rating              Description                         Trade receivables     assets
           Performing          For financial assets where there    Lifetime ECL - not    12m ECL
                                 has low risk of default or has      credit-impaired
                                 not been a significant increase
                                 in credit risk since initial
                                 recognition and that are not
                                 credit-impaired

           Doubtful            For financial assets where there    Lifetime ECL - not    12m ECL
                                 has been a significant increase     credit-impaired
                                 in credit risk since initial
                                 recognition but that are not
                                 credit-impaired

           Default             Financial assets are assessed       Lifetime ECL -        Lifetime ECL -
                                 as credit-impaired when one         credit-impaired       credit-impaired
                                 or more events that have a
                                 detrimental impact on the
                                 estimated future cash flows of
                                 that asset have occurred




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



      29.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            B.    Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                  Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
                  The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject
                  to ECL assessment:

                                                                                                                 2024                           2023
                                                          Internal
                                                          credit         12m or                        Gross carrying                    Gross carrying
                                                    Notes rating         lifetime ECL                     amount                            amount
                                                                                                    RMB’000 RMB’000                   RMB’000 RMB’000
                                                     20    Performing    Lifetime ECL
                  Trade receivables (Note)                                  (provision matrix)          25,465                         91,498
                                                           Doubtful      Lifetime ECL
                                                                            (provision matrix)          79,702                              –
                                                           Default       Lifetime ECL -
                                                                            credit impaired
                                                                            (individual assessed)   487,000             592,167       489,076          580,574
                                                                         Lifetime ECL -
                  Loan Receivables                   20    Default          credit impaired         420,000         420,000           420,000          420,000
                  Consideration receivables          20    Performing    12m ECL                        10,000          10,000         33,469           33,469
                  Other receivables (excluding
                    Loan Receivables and
                    consideration receivables)       20    Performing    12m ECL                        33,643          33,643         14,216           14,216
                  Time deposits                      22    Performing    12m ECL                    260,000         260,000           375,311          375,311
                  Cash and cash equivalents          22    Performing    12m ECL                    690,770             690,770       342,044          342,044

                  Note:    For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in HKFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance at
                           lifetime ECL. Except for credit-impaired debtors, the Group determines the ECL on these items on a collective basis,
                           grouped by the Group’s internal credit rating.


                           The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables which are assessed
                           on a collective basis by using provision matrix within lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired). Credit-impaired debtors,
                           with gross carrying amounts of RMB487,000,000 as at 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB489,076,000) were assessed
                           individually and the loss allowance was measured as the difference between the asset’s gross amount and the
                           present value of estimated future cash flows.


                                                                                  2024                                               2023
                                                                       Average                 Trade                      Average                     Trade
                           Internal credit rating                     loss rate          receivables                     loss rate              receivables
                           Performing                                   2.60%                  25,465                      2.78%                       91,498
                           Doubtful                                     5.97%                  79,702                          –                            –
                                                                                              105,167                                                  91,498


                           During the current year, based on the provision matrix, net impairment loss allowance for trade receivables
                           recognised amounted to RMB2,875,000 (2023: RMB1,492,000). Provision of net impairment loss allowance of
                           RMB77,253,000 (2023: RMB239,625,000) were individually made on credit-impaired trade receivables from debtors
                           during the current year.




116   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



29.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      B.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
           Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
           The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade
           receivables under the simplified approach:

                                                                                       Lifetime ECL            Lifetime ECL
                                                                                        (not credit-                 (credit-
                                                                                          impaired)               impaired)                    Total
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000                   RMB’000
           As at 1 January 2023                                                                  167,020               4,150                  171,170
             – Transfer to credit-impaired                                                      (165,972)            165,972                        –
             – Impairment losses, net of reversal                                                  1,492             239,625                  241,117
           As at 31 December 2023                                                                  2,540             409,747                 412,287
              – Impairment losses, net of reversal                                                 2,875               77,253                 80,128
           As at 31 December 2024                                                                  5,415             487,000                 492,415

           The following tables show reconciliation of loss allowances that has been recognised for other
           receivables:

                                                                                                                                             RMB’000
           As at 1 January 2023                                                                                                               65,757
             – Impairment losses recognised                                                                                                   95,549
           As at 31 December 2023                                                                                                            161,306
              – Impairment losses recognised                                                                                                  79,443
           As at 31 December 2024                                                                                                            240,749

           Liquidity risk
           In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and
           cash equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and
           mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The Group regularly reviews its major funding
           positions to ensure that it has adequate financial resources in meeting its financial obligations.

           The following is the maturity analysis for financial liabilities held by the Group which is based on
           undiscounted remaining contractual obligations:
                                                     Weighted     On demand                                                          Total
                                                       average    or less than           1 to           2 to          over   undiscounted       Carrying
                                                  interest rate         1 year        2 years        5 years       5 years       balances       amounts
                                                             %        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
           At 31 December 2024
           Non-derivative financial liabilities
           Trade and other payables                          –       160,517               –              –             –         160,517       160,517
           Dividend payable                                  –        20,950               –              –             –          20,950        20,950
           Lease liabilities                              6.00         6,126           6,311          3,202             –          15,639        14,576
                                                                     187,593           6,311          3,202             –         197,106       196,043
           At 31 December 2023
           Non-derivative financial liabilities
           Trade and other payables                          –       217,488                –              –            –         217,488        217,488
           Dividend payable                                  –        20,950                –              –            –          20,950         20,950
           Lease liabilities                              6.00         5,158            6,126          9,513            –          20,797         18,768
                                                                     243,596            6,126          9,513            –         259,235        257,206




                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024      117
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



      29.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            C.    Fair value measurements of financial instruments
                  Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value
                  on a recurring basis


                                                   Fair value at                                               Significant             Relationship of
                                                   31 December          Fair value   Valuation technique(s)    unobservable            unobservable input(s)
                  Financial assets                2024           2023   hierarchy    and key input(s)          input(s)                to fair value
                                               RMB’000      RMB’000
                  Financial assets at FVTPL:          –          756     Level 1     Quoted prices in active   N/A                     N/A
                    – Listed equity                                                   markets
                       investments

                  – Unquoted fund                     –       39,300     Level 2     Net asset value           N/A                     N/A
                      investments                                                     investment as
                                                                                      published by the
                                                                                      fund manager

                  – Structured deposits        355,420       335,946     Level 3     Discounted cash flow      Expected return       The higher the
                      (Note i)                                                         method was used/          rates from 1.57% to   expected return, the
                                                                                       expected return rate      3.65% (2023: 1.68%    higher the fair value,
                                                                                                                 to 4.75%)             vice versa

                  – Financial investment on      31,375       45,569     Level 3     Discounted cash flow       Discount rate          The higher the
                      films (Note ii)                                                  method was used/           of 28.43%              discount rate, the
                                                                                       Future cash flow was       (2023: 15.06%)         lower the fair value,
                                                                                       estimated based on the                            vice versa
                                                                                       contractual terms and
                                                                                       discounted at a rate
                                                                                       that reflects the credit
                                                                                       risk of the counterparty

                  Notes:

                  i.        The structured deposits are not traded in an active market and do not have observable market data. The structured
                            deposits of approximately RMB355,420,000 (2023: RMB335,946,000) have been estimated using discounted cash
                            flow method based on the expected rate of return. As at 31 December 2024, if the estimated rate of return had been
                            10% (2023: 10%) higher/lower and the other variables were held constant, the total carrying amounts of structured
                            deposits would increase/decrease by RMB105,000/RMB105,000 (2023: RMB54,000/RMB54,000), respectively.

                  ii.       The financial investment on films measured at fair value do not meet solely payments of principal and interest
                            condition. The film production investments of approximately RMB31,375,000 (2023: RMB45,569,000) has been
                            determined using discounted cash flow method based the estimated future cash flows which based on the
                            contractual terms and discounted with using discount rate that reflects the credit risk of the counterparty. As at
                            31 December 2024, if the discount rate had been 10% (2023: 10%) higher/lower, the total carrying amount of film
                            production investments would decrease/increase by RMB680,000/RMB680,000 (2023: RMB523,000/RMB523,000),
                            respectively.


                  There were no transfers between Level 1 and 2 during the year.




118   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



29.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      C.    Fair value measurements of financial instruments (continued)
            Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets
            The following table presents the reconciliation of Level 3 measurements during both years:

                                                                                                     Financial
                                                                                                     assets at
                                                                                                        FVTPL
                                                                                                     RMB’000
            At 1 January 2023                                                                          511,145
            Purchases                                                                                1,515,264
            Redemptions                                                                             (1,645,886)
            Gains in profit or loss                                                                        992
            At 31 December 2023                                                                       381,515
            Purchases                                                                               1,468,269
            Redemptions                                                                            (1,463,087)
            Gains in profit or loss                                                                        98
            At 31 December 2024                                                                       386,795


30.   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                   2024             2023
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
      Capital expenditures contracted for but not provided in the
        consolidated financial statements in respect of acquisition
        of property and equipment                                                   1,478                5,043


31.   RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
      The employees of the PRC subsidiaries are members of the state-management retirement benefits
      scheme operated by the PRC government. The Group is required to contribute a specified percentage of
      payroll costs as determined by respective local government authority to the retirement benefits scheme
      to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefits scheme is to
      make the specified contribution under the scheme.

      The Group also operates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme for all employees in Hong Kong. The assets
      of the scheme are held separately from those of the Group, in funds under the control of trustees. The
      Group contributes a certain percentage of the relevant payroll costs to the scheme, which contribution is
      matched by the employees.

      The amounts of contributions made by the Group in respect of the retirement benefit schemes during
      both years are disclosed in notes 11 and 12.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   119
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



      32.   RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
            The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both
            cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows
            were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash
            flows from financing activities.

                                                                             Lease         Dividend
                                                                         liabilities       payables           Total
                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000
            At 1 January 2023                                               22,655           20,950            43,605
            Financing cash flows                                            (5,684)         (45,546)          (51,230)
            Dividend declared                                                    –           45,546            45,546
            New leases entered                                               2,981                –             2,981
            Termination of leases                                           (2,511)               –            (2,511)
            Interest expenses                                                1,327                –             1,327
            At 31 December 2023                                             18,768           20,950           39,718
            Financing cash flows                                            (5,157)         (90,338)         (95,495)
            Dividend declared                                                    –           90,338           90,338
            Interest expenses                                                  965                –              965
            At 31 December 2024                                             14,576           20,950           35,526


      33.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            (i)    Save for those disclosed in other notes to the consolidated financial statements, the Group had
                   the following non-trade balance with a related party:
                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000
                   Dividend payable to a non-controlling shareholder                      20,950              20,950


            (ii)   Compensation of key management personnel
                   The remuneration of directors of the Company and other members of key management of the
                   Group is as follows:

                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2024             2023
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000
                   Short-term employee benefits                                            5,614                5,581
                   Post-employment benefits                                                  101                  101
                                                                                           5,715                5,682




120   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



34.   PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
      General information of subsidiaries
      Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company at the end of the reporting period
      are set out below:

                                               Date and place/country of                                  Equity interest
                                               establishment/                    Issued and fully   attributable to the Group
                                               incorporation/operation,               paid share/      as at 31 December
      Name of subsidiaries                     kind of legal entity            registered capital        2024            2023 Principal activities
                                                                                                            %              %
      Directly owned
      Cathay Media Group (BVI) Inc.            12 January 2017                        USD50,000          100            100 Investment holding
                                                 BVI
                                                 Limited liability company
      Indirectly owned
      Cathay Media Group (Hong Kong) Limited   27 January 2017                             HK$1          100            100 Investment holding
        （華夏視聽傳媒集團（香港）有限公司）                       Hong Kong
                                                 Limited liability company
      Nanjing Bicheng                          29 July 2019                      RMB50,000,000           100            100 Investment holding and
                                                 PRC                                                                          consulting
                                                 Limited liability company
      Dongyang Huaxia                          15 August 2019                    RMB10,000,000           100            100 Investment holding and
                                                 PRC                                                                          consulting
                                                 Limited liability company
      Indirectly owned and controlled
        through contractual arrangement
      Nanjing Lanchou                          26 October 2017                   RMB10,000,000           100            100 Investment holding
                                                 PRC
                                                 Limited liability company
      Nanjing Meiya                            30 January 2003                  RMB150,000,000             91             91 Investment holding
                                                 PRC
                                                 Limited liability company
      CUCN                                     16 June 2014                     RMB150,000,000             91             91 Higher and vocational
                                                 PRC                                                                           education
                                                 Limited liability company
      Dongyang Audio-Visual                    18 June 2019                      RMB10,000,000           100            100 Investment holding and
                                                 PRC                                                                          television series and
                                                 Limited liability company                                                    film production
      Huaxia Audio-Visual                      27 December 2005                  RMB61,302,678             91             91 Television series and
                                                 PRC                                                                           film production
                                                 Limited liability company
      Huaxia Zhenxuan                          11 December 2001                   RMB3,000,000           100            100 Livestreaming
                                                 PRC                                                                          e-commerce
                                                 Limited liability company
      Huaxia Huyu                              4 August 2022                      RMB1,500,000             70             70 Livestreaming
                                                 PRC                                                                           e-commerce and artist
                                                 Limited liability company                                                     management




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024     121
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



      34.   PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (continued)
            Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests
            The table below shows details of non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group that have material non-
            controlling interests:

                                                       Place of
                                                 establishment    Proportion of ownership
                                                  and principal      interest and voting    Profit allocated to       Accumulated
                                                       place of      rights held by non-     non-controlling         non-controlling
            Name of subsidiary                        business      controlling interests        interests              interests
                                                                       2024          2023    2024           2023     2024          2023
            Nanjing Meiya and its subsidiaries             PRC         9%            9%     23,819        16,683   225,526       201,707


            Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group’s subsidiaries that has material non-
            controlling interests is set out below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts
            before intragroup eliminations.

            Nanjing Meiya and its subsidiaries
                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                                        2024             2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
            Current assets                                                                           1,677,923               1,295,896
            Non-current assets                                                                       1,483,205               1,655,799
            Current liabilities                                                                       (516,577)              (566,084)
            Non-current liabilities                                                                     (9,204)                (14,948)
            Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                             2,409,821               2,168,956
            Non-controlling interests of Nanjing Meiya and its subsidiaries                           225,526                 201,707


                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2024             2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000
            Revenue                                                                                   660,366                 586,533
            Expenses                                                                                  (395,683)               (401,159)
            Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
              owners of the Company                                                                   240,864                 168,691
            Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
              the non-controlling interests of Nanjing Meiya and
              its subsidiaries                                                                          23,819                 16,683
            Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                                        264,683                 185,374
            Net cash flows from operating activities                                                   395,767                261,788
            Net cash flows (used in) from investing activities                                        (273,655)                23,604
            Net cash flows used in financing activities                                                  (5,157)               (5,684)
            Net cash flows                                                                            116,955                 279,708




122   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



35.   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
      A plaintiff raised litigation claims against CUCN in the PRC court. The claim from plaintiffs was
      approximately RMB57,041,000 plus petition cost and attorneys’ fees in relation to variable construction
      cost of the school campus. Up to the date of the consolidated financial statements, there was no formal
      judgment from the PRC court.

      After seeking independent legal advice, the directors of the Company consider that the outcome and the
      amounts of final payments, if any, are uncertain, and no provision has been made during the year ended
      31 December 2024.

36.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
      Non-current Assets
      Investment in subsidiaries                                             1,659,937           1,784,989
      Property and equipment                                                         –                  13
                                                                             1,659,937           1,785,002
      Current Assets
      Prepayments and other receivables                                             17                 360
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                                            226,596             167,329
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                  8,903               9,106
                                                                               235,516             176,795
      Current Liability
      Other payables                                                                23                  22
      Net current assets                                                       235,493             176,773
      Net Assets                                                             1,895,430           1,961,775
      Capital and Reserves
      Share capital                                                                117                 117
      Reserves                                                               1,895,313           1,961,658
      Total Equity                                                           1,895,430           1,961,775




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   123
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



      36.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY (continued)
            Movement in the Company’s reserves
                                             Shares held
                                               for share                                          Share-based
                                                  award        Share     Capital    Translation      payment Accumulated
                                                scheme      premium      reserve        reserve        reserve     losses       Total
                                               RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000
            At 1 January 2023                    (52,411)   869,970     1,208,202      (31,915)            –       (20,289)   1,973,557
            Loss for the year                          –          –             –            –             –        (6,974)      (6,974)
            Other comprehensive income for
               the year                                –           –           –        39,417             –             –      39,417
            Total comprehensive income
               (expenses) for the year                 –           –           –        39,417             –        (6,974)     32,443
            Recognition of equity-settled
               share-based payments                    –           –           –             –          1,204            –        1,204
            Dividend recognised as
               distribution                            –     (45,546)          –             –             –             –      (45,546)
            At 31 December 2023                  (52,411)   824,424     1,208,202         7,502         1,204      (27,263)   1,961,658
            Loss for the year                          –           –           –             –             –        (5,842)      (5,842)
            Other comprehensive income for
              the year                                 –           –           –        28,301             –            –       28,301
            Total comprehensive income
               (expenses) for the year                 –           –           –        28,301             –        (5,842)     22,459
            Recognition of equity-settled
               share-based payments                    –           –           –             –          1,534           –         1,534
            Dividend recognised as
               distribution                            –     (90,338)          –             –             –            –       (90,338)
            At 31 December 2024                  (52,411)   734,086     1,208,202       35,803         2,738       (33,105)   1,895,313




124   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                                  FINANCIAL SUMMARY


A summary of the audit results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is
set out below:

                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                 2020          2021         2022        2023             2024
                                               RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000           RMB’000
Revenue                                         789,743       578,051       656,815       759,040      782,359
Cost of revenue                                (436,505)     (301,879)     (339,614)     (481,242)    (401,205)
Gross profit                                    353,238       276,172       317,201       277,798      381,154
Profit (loss) before tax                        371,468       140,258        96,047      (181,229)     117,275
Profit (loss) from continuing operations         337,140      125,496        78,213      (181,067)     117,275
(Loss) profit from discontinued operations             –      (53,674)       43,710             –            –
Profit (loss) for the year                       337,140       71,822       121,923      (181,067)     116,911


                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                 2020          2021         2022      2023               2024
                                               RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000
Non-current assets                              728,276     1,121,473     1,219,638    1,414,400     1,602,272
Current assets                                2,705,885     2,582,029     2,005,334    1,663,797     1,455,342
Current liabilities                             557,714       964,326       562,699      647,285       602,802
Net current assets                            2,148,171      1,617,703    1,442,635    1,016,512       852,540
Total assets less current liabilities         2,876,447     2,739,176     2,662,273    2,430,912     2,454.812
Non-current liabilities                           1,263         24,103       19,853       14,948         9,204
Net assets                                    2,875,184     2,715,073     2,642,420    2,415,964     2,445,608
Total equity                                  2,875,184     2,715,073     2,642,420    2,415,964     2,445,608




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   125
      DEFINITIONS



      “Articles of Association”      the articles of association of the Company, as amended from time to
                                     time

      “Board”                        the board of Directors

      “China” or “PRC”               the People’s Republic of China

      “Companies Ordinance”          the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                     amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

      “Company” or “our Company”     Cathay Group Holdings Inc.（華夏集團控股有限公司）, an exempted
                                     company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on 4
                                     January 2017

      “Consolidated Affiliated       Dongyang Huaxia, Nanjing Lanchou and their subsidiaries and
        Entity(ies)”                 affiliated entities, the financial accounts of which have been
                                     consolidated and accounted for as if they were subsidiaries of our
                                     Company by virtue of the Contractual Arrangements

      “Contractual Arrangement(s)”   the series of contractual arrangements entered into between,
                                     among others, the WFOEs, the Onshore Holdcos and the Registered
                                     Shareholders, as detailed in the section headed “Contractual
                                     arrangements”

      “Controlling Shareholder(s)”   has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules and except
                                     where the context requires otherwise, refers to Mr. Pu, Cathay Media
                                     Holding Inc. and Winning Global Ventures Limited

      “Corporate Governance Code”    the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
                                     Rules, as amended from time to time

      “CUCN” or “University”         南京傳媒學院 (Pinyin: Nanjing Chuanmei Xueyuan), formally known as
                                     Communication University of China, Nanjing（中國傳媒大學南廣學院）,
                                     which received the certificate of registration for a privately-run non-
                                     enterprise unit on 31 January 2005

      “Director(s)”                  the director(s) of our Company

      “Dongyang Huaxia”              Dongyang Huaxia Audio-Visual Film Culture Co., Ltd.（東陽華夏視聽影
                                     視文化有限公司）, a company established in the PRC on 18 June 2019
                                     and a Consolidated Affiliated Entity of our Company

      “Group”, “we” or “us”          the Company, its subsidiaries, and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities
                                     (the financial results of which have been consolidated and accounted
                                     for as subsidiaries of our Company by virtue of the Contractual
                                     Arrangements) from time to time, and in respect of the period
                                     prior to our Company becoming the holding company of its present
                                     subsidiaries, such subsidiaries as if they were subsidiaries of our
                                     Company at the relevant time




126   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
                                                                                 DEFINITIONS




“Hong Kong” or “HK”     the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic
                        of China

“HKFRS”                 Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards

“Huaxia Audio-Visual”   Huaxia Audio-Visual Global Media (Beijing) Holdings Co., Ltd.（華夏視
                        聽環球傳媒（北京）股份有限公司）, a company established in the PRC on
                        27 December 2005 and a Consolidated Affiliated Entity of our Company

“Huaxia Zhenxuan”       Beijing Huaxia Zhenxuan Cultural Communication Co., Ltd.（北京華
                        夏珍選文化傳播有限公司） (formerly Beijing Huaxia Huyu Cultural
                        Communication Co., Ltd.（北京華夏互娛文化傳播有限公司）and Beijing
                        Huaxia Audio-Visual Online Cultural Development Co., Ltd.（北京華夏
                        視聽在線文化發展有限公司）), a company established in the PRC on 11
                        December 2001 and a Consolidated Affiliated Entity of our Company

“Listing”               the listing of the Shares on the Main Board

“Listing Date”          15 July 2020, the date on which the Shares were listed on the Stock
                        Exchange

“Listing Rules”         the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                        Hong Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
                        from time to time

“Main Board”            the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the
                        Stock Exchange which is independent from and operates in parallel
                        with GEM of the Stock Exchange

“Model Code”            the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
                        Issuers set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Mr. Pu”                Mr. Pu Shulin（蒲樹林）, our founder, executive Director, chief executive
                        officer, chairperson of the Board and our Controlling Shareholder

“Nanjing Lanchou”       Nanjing Lanchou Corporate Management Co., Ltd.（南京藍籌企業管理
                        有限公司）, a company established in the PRC on 26 October 2017 and
                        a Consolidated Affiliated Entity

“Nanjing Meiya”         Nanjing Meiya Education Investment Co., Ltd.（南京美亞教育投資有
                        限公司）, a company established in the PRC on 30 January 2003 and a
                        Consolidated Affiliated Entity

“New M&A”               fourth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
                        of the Company

“Onshore Holdcos”       Dongyang Huaxia and Nanjing Lanchou

“Olympic College”       the Olympic College of Nanjing Sport Institute




                                                                            Annual Report 2024   127
      DEFINITIONS




      “Post-IPO Share Award Scheme”    the post-IPO share award scheme approved and adopted by our
                                       Company on 22 June 2020 with effect from Listing

      “Post-IPO Share Option Scheme”   the post-IPO share option scheme approved and adopted by our
                                       Company on 22 June 2020 with effect from Listing

      “PRC Legal Advisor”              Commerce & Finance Law Offices

      “Prospectus”                     the prospectus of the Company dated 30 June 2020

      “RMB”                            Renminbi yuan, the lawful currency of China

      “Registered Shareholders”        the registered shareholders of the Onshore Holdcos, namely Mr. Pu and
                                       Mr. Liu Chang（劉暢）

      “Reporting Period”               the year ended 31 December 2024

      “SFO”                            the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
                                       Hong Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
                                       time to time

      “Shareholder(s)”                 holder(s) of the Share(s)

      “Share(s)”                       ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company with a par value
                                       of US$0.00001 each

      “Stock Exchange”                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

      “Subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”   has the meaning ascribed thereto in section 15 of the Companies
                                       Ordinance

      “United States” or “U.S.”        the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all
                                       areas subject to its jurisdiction

      “US$”                            United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

      “WFOEs”                          WFOE-Education and WFOE-Production collectively

      “WFOE-Education”                 Bicheng Art Consulting (Nanjing) Co., Ltd（碧城藝術諮詢（南京）有限公
                                       司）, a company established in the PRC on 29 July 2019 and a wholly-
                                       owned subsidiary of our Company

      “WFOE-Production”                Dongyang Huaxia Audio-Visual Culture Consulting Co., Ltd.（東陽華
                                       夏視聽文化諮詢有限公司）, a company established in the PRC on 15
                                       August 2019 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company

      “%”                              per cent




128   CATHAY GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
