

--- Page 1 ---


--- Page 2 ---
Corporate Information 2
Company Overview 3
Financial Highlights 6
Chairman’s Statement 7
Management Discussion and Analysis 10
Risk Factor Analysis 22
Investor Relations 23
Biographical Details of Directors and 
Senior Management
25
Directors’ Report 32
Corporate Governance Report 45
Definitions 62
Independent Auditor’s Report 65
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 72
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income
73
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 74
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 76
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 78
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 80
CONTENTS

--- Page 3 ---
CORPORATE INFORMATION
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 20242
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Executive Directors
Mr. Liu Yu (Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. Zhao Jingyuan
Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Ren Yuhang (Chairman)
Ms. Sun Fang
Mr. Cao Mingda
Mr. Fang Zhiwei
Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Luo Zhenbang (CPA)
Mr. Huang Lixin
Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES 
PURSUANT TO RULE 3.05 OF THE 
LISTING RULES
Mr. Liu Yu
Ms. Ng Ka Man
COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. Ng Ka Man
Mr. Liu Yefei
AUDIT COMMITTEE
Mr. Luo Zhenbang (CPA) (Chairman)
Mr. Huang Lixin
Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia (Chairman)
Mr. Ren Yuhang
Mr. Huang Lixin
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Mr. Ren Yuhang (Chairman)
Mr. Huang Lixin
Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia
ESG COMMITTEE
Mr. Ren Yuhang (Chairman)
Mr. Liu Yu
Mr. Luo Zhenbang (CPA)
AUDITORS
Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited
Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance 
with the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council 
Ordinance
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE COMPANY
Chiu & Partners
PRINCIPAL BANKER
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation 
Limited
REGISTERED OFFICE
Cricket Square
Hutchins Drive
P.O. Box 2681
Grand Cayman, KY1-1111
Cayman Islands
HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF 
BUSINESS IN THE PRC
Tower 2, Fusheng Building, No. 4 Huixin East Street,
Chaoyang District, Beijing, China
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS 
IN HONG KONG
Rm 2502, 25/F, Tower 1,
Enterprise Square Five, 
38 Wang Chiu Road, 
Kowloon Bay, Hong Kong
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND 
TRANSFER OFFICE IN CAYMAN ISLANDS
Suntera (Cayman) Limited
Suite 3204, Unit 2A, Block 3,
Building D, P.O. Box 1586,
Gardenia Court, Camana Bay,
Grand Cayman, KY1-1100,
Cayman Islands
BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND 
TRANSFER OFFICE IN HONG KONG
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong
WEBSITE
www.biitt.cn
STOCK CODE
1522

--- Page 4 ---
COMPANY OVERVIEW
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 3
COMPANY INTRODUCTION
The Group is a high-tech enterprise specialising in the field of railway transportation, investment and financing, 
technology research and development (“ R&D”), and intelligent railway transportation development, operation and 
maintenance. The Company was listed on the Growth Enterprise Market (GEM) of the Stock Exchange on 16 May 
2012 and transferred to Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 6 December 2013, with the stock code of 1522.HK.
The Group adheres to the mission of empowering railway transportation with intelligent technology, and is positioned 
to “focus on integrated innovation and become China’s leading intelligent rail transit system service provider”, 
by building a technological ecosystem, which provides system solutions throughout the life cycle for rail transit 
development, becoming a world-class intelligent rail transit leader.
Intelligent
Passenger
Information 
Services
Business
The intelligent passenger information services business primarily focuses on passenger 
mobility scenarios covering areas such as high-speed railways, intercity railways, suburban 
railways, and metro. Its main products include integrated PIS, on-board integrated cloud-
based platform, comprehensive monitoring, smart card automated fare collection system 
and other hardware and software products and solutions.
Data &
Integration 
Services
Business
The data and integration services business primarily serves subway owners and operators, 
focusing on scenarios such as the construction and operation of railway transportation. The 
business scope encompasses Automatic Fare Collection System (AFC), Traffic Control Centre 
or Centralised Operation Control Centre (TCC, COCC), low-voltage and communication 
system integration services, as well as intelligent software and hardware products and 
services such as cloud platforms for railways and big data solutions for urban railways.
Intelligent 
Infrastructure 
Business
The intelligent infrastructure business primarily covers the investment and operation of civil 
communication transmission systems for Beijing’s railway transportation. At the same time, 
leveraging big data, artificial intelligence and other technologies, it provides customers with 
“intelligent+” services such as intelligent construction sites, intelligent parks, intelligent hubs, 
intelligent utility tunnels and intelligent micro-centres.
Mission:
empower the railway transportation by
intelligent technology
Position:
focus on integrated innovation and
become China’s leading rail transit
intelligent system service provider
One Subject:
strengthen and optimise 
the main business with 
Intelligent Passenger 
Information Services, 
Data and Integration 
Services, and Intelligent 
Infrastructure 
as the core
One Centre:
innovate and upgrade,
build an intelligent product
standard system, and
create a technological
innovation ecology
One Platform:
collaborative development,
create a strategic
investment and control
platform for collaborative
innovation and win-win
development
Strategic Themes
Strategic Objectives

--- Page 5 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 20244
Company Overview (continued)
MARKET STRATEGY
The Group attained fruitful results by adhering to its market strategy of maintaining a strong foothold in Beijing and 
Hong Kong, stepping up its presence nationwide, and exploring international markets.
As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s businesses covered 55 cities in 28 provinces, municipalities, autonomous 
regions and special administrative regions in China, where it provided products and services, including Intelligent 
Passenger Information Services, Data and Integration Services, and Intelligent Infrastructure. As for overseas market, it 
has expanded into 32 cities in 20 overseas countries and regions.
Areas covered by our businesses overseas
ᄲྡ໮jԯᄲο(2025)Gୋ0502໮
Areas covered by our businesses in China
Areas covered 
3 years before
India, Sri Lanka, Indonesia, 
Costa Rica, the USA, Mexico, 
Brazil, Bulgaria, Romania, 
Australia, Saudi Arabia, United 
Arab Emirates, Nigeria
New areas 
added in 3 years
Australia, Saudi Arabia, 
United Arab Emirates, Malaysia, 
Nigeria, Israel, South Korea, 
Egypt, Chile, Netherlands, 
Philippines
NANHAI ZHUDAO

--- Page 6 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 5
Company Overview (continued)
SUMMARY WITH FIGURES
AWARDS AND QUALIFICATIONS IN 2024
The Group concentrated on
railway transportation for
20YEARS
Its businesses covered
55CITIES 32CITIES
in Mainland China and overseas in 20 countries and regions
and
645
It owned
149
PATENTS SOFTWARE COPYRIGHTS
As at 31 December 2024, the orders on hand of the 
Group was approximately
HK$ 3.23 BILLION
“Specialized, Refi ned, Unique, 
and Innovative Little Giant”
National-level “Commercial
Cryptography Testing
Agency” qualifi cation 
CMMI Level 5
Certifi cation
Second Prize of Science and 
Technology Progress Award 
of Beijing Rail Transit Society
4 awards for the 2024
Zhongguancun Rail Transit
International Innovation and
Entrepreneurship 
Competition


--- Page 7 ---
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
(Note)
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 20246
For the year ended 31 December
2024 2023 2022 2021 2020
Key profit or loss items 
(HK$ Thousand)
Revenue 1,656,773 1,637,181 1,638,948 1,749,210 1,549,976
Gross profit 619,687 591,007 586,299 647,526 615,259
Earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization 277,413 300,859 307,322 318,475 297,813
Profit attributable to equity 
shareholders of the Company 167,604 174,313 179,252 187,535 168,407
As at 31 December
2024 2023 2022 2021 2020
Key statement of financial 
position items 
(HK$ Thousand)
Non-current assets 1,599,956 1,586,428 1,561,167 1,582,939 1,468,125
Current assets 3,233,160 2,922,255 2,842,593 2,833,723 2,828,905
Total assets 4,833,116 4,508,683 4,403,760 4,416,662 4,297,030
Total liabilities 1,892,173 1,629,834 1,753,967 1,644,768 1,744,026
Equity attributable to equity 
shareholders of the Company 2,775,601 2,707,818 2,573,415 2,660,160 2,452,617
Financial year 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020
Return to shareholders
Earnings per share
– Basic (HK$ cent) 8.0 8.3 8.5 8.9 8.0
– Diluted (HK$ cent) 8.0 8.3 8.5 8.9 8.0
Dividend per share (HK$ cent) 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.5
Net assets per share (HK$) 1.4 1.4 1.3 1.3 1.2
Revenue 
(HK$ Thousand)
Gross profit
(HK$ Thousand)
Basic earnings per share
(HK$ cent)
Profit attributable 
to equity shareholders
of the Company 
(HK$ Thousand)
Note: HK$/RMB average exchange rate for 2024 was approximately 0.9122 and for 2023 was approximately 0.9011 respectively, 
representing an increase of approximately 1.2%.





2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024


2020 2021 2022 2023 2024

--- Page 8 ---
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 7
Dear Shareholders, partners and colleagues,
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to 
present the annual results of the Group for FY 2024.
Over the past year, facing a complex and ever-changing 
external environment, China’s rail transit industry forged 
ahead. It has brought new development opportunities for 
all participants in the industry, while also setting higher 
development requirements. Focusing on the strategy of 
intelligent, green and international development, the 
Group adhered to its market strategy of maintaining 
a strong foothold in Beijing and Hong Kong, stepping 
up its presence nationwide, and exploring international 
markets, seized opportunities arising from the digital and 
intelligent transformation and upgrading of the industry, 
and vigorously explored new market domains at home 
and abroad with a view to further consolidating and 
enhancing the leading position of its principal business 
in the market. At the same time, the Group upheld 
innovation- and reform-driven development, maximised 
the role of technological innovation, actively explored 
and facilitated the organic fusion of AI, cloud computing 
and other new technologies with rail transit, and strove 
to develop itself into a leading rail transit intelligent 
system service provider in China.
Maintain strategic adherence 
Strengthen innovative drivers
Achieve steady and
long lasting progress
Maintain 
Strengthe
Achieve s
long lasti
Mr. Ren Yuhang
Chairman

--- Page 9 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 20248
Chairman’s Statement (continued)
STRATEGIC RESULTS
Faced with a complex and challenging macro-
environment, the Group maintained strategic adherence 
by sticking to the development philosophy of “business-
oriented growth, innovation-driven development and 
efficient management”, continued to reinforce its 
“3+2” business pattern, and established three major 
businesses, namely the intelligent passenger information 
services, data and integration services, and intelligent 
infrastructure, as well as vertical development of two 
platforms, i.e. the R&D centre and capital centre; it 
explored horizontally the expansion and application of 
new technologies, such as edge cloud, AI big data, and 
steadily carried out its operation and management.
Under the strategic guidance of the Board, the Group 
showed robust and resilient business growth with good 
momentum. In terms intelligent passenger information 
services business, the on-board PIS business held the 
biggest market share in China for nine consecutive 
years, and business presence was expanded in four new 
countries, which further enhanced the Group’s influence 
in overseas markets. As for data and integration services, 
the business was brought to four new cities, namely 
Shenyang, Chongqing, Jinan and Shanghai, for the first 
time, allowing the data and integration brand driven 
by big data and cloud computing to further reach the 
entire country. Besides, the Group was awarded the 
intelligent infrastructure construction of the FAS project 
for the Beijing Municipal Administrative Centre Hub, 
and further expanded its businesses through digital 
innovation and empowerment. With great efforts made 
on R&D innovation, the Group procured the launch of 
the intelligently made system by its Huaqi Intelligent on 
the world’s fastest high-speed train – CR450 units, which 
promoted the integration of passenger-friendly and 
intelligent transformation of high-speed railway services, 
and contributed to major breakthroughs in the intelligent 
upgrading and informatisation of high-speed railways 
in China. With respect to capital operation, the Group 
worked on both investment and operation control, 
and helped two companies it invested earn the title of 
“Little Giant” as national specialized and sophisticated 
enterprises. In summary, the Group fully implemented 
the strategic plan set by the Board and achieved good 
results in operation and management in 2024.
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Following the philosophy of “Technology-driven and 
Responsibility”, the Group combined social responsibility 
with its corporate development strategy and daily 
operations, and continued to create long-term value 
for its shareholders, clients, employees and other 
stakeholders as well as the society.
During the Period, in order to fulfil the requirements 
of the Exchange Listing Rules and relevant codes and 
guidelines, the Group maintained good governance 
by completing the changes in the Board of Directors, 
making timely disclosure of information, reinforcing 
the management of connected transactions and inside 
information, and continuing to optimise the governance 
structure and improve the effectiveness of the Directors 
in performing their duties, thus giving full play to the 
core role of the Board in “determining strategies, making 
decisions and preventing risks”.
The Group made great efforts to achieve the six medium- 
and long-term ESG goals and fully leveraged the 
advantages of the three-tiered control structure “Board 
of Directors – ESG Committee – ESG Working Group” to 
support efficient ESG development. The Group upheld 
high standards for business ethics, and incorporated 
ESG concepts such as low carbon and environmental 
protection, innovation-driven development and safe 
production into its principal businesses, while at the 
same time paying great attention to the quality of its 
products, safeguarding the rights and interests of its 
employees, and fulfilling its social responsibilities. In 
2024, the ESG report under the guidance of the Board 
of Directors received a four-and-a-half star rating by the 
“Beijing State-controlled Listed Companies ESG Pioneer 
30 Index”, and remained top-ranked for two years in a 
row in recognition of the Group’s fulfilling responsibility 
for sustainable development.

--- Page 10 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 9
Chairman’s Statement (continued)
RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
In 2024, the Group recorded revenue of approximately 
HK$1,656.8 million, and the profit attributable to equity 
shareholders amounted to approximately HK$167.6 
million. The Board recommended the payment of a 
dividend of HK$0.024 per share for FY2024. The total 
amount of dividend will reach approximately HK$50.3 
million with a dividend payout ratio of 30.03%, subject 
to the approval at the 2025 AGM. The Group has 
declared cash dividends for the eighth consecutive year, 
keeping its commitment to sharing the development 
fruits of the Company with its Shareholders.
BUSINESS PROSPECTS
The year 2025 marks the conclusion of the “14th Five-
Year Plan”, and start of the “15th Five-Year Plan”. In the 
critical period when railway transportation industry shifts 
from high-speed to high-quality development, the Board 
of Directors will lead the BII Railway Transportation to 
stick to the mission of “empowering rail transportation 
with intelligent technology” and strategic position of 
“focusing on integrated innovation and becoming 
China’s leading rail transit intelligent system service 
provider”, keep abreast of the new trends of intelligent, 
low-carbon and autonomous transformation in the 
industry, steadily promote its high-quality development, 
provide the society and users with more quality products 
and services, and continue to create returns and value 
for Shareholders.
APPRECIATION
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my 
appreciation to all the employees and management 
team for their persistent professionalism and pursuit of 
excellence at work, and to our clients, partners and peers 
as well as our Shareholders and investors for their long-
term strong support and trust!
We will continue to work hard and strive to create a 
better future together!

--- Page 11 ---
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202410
MARKET AND BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT
The Company primarily focuses on application scenarios such as railway transportation and intelligent infrastructure. 
After more than ten years of development, the Group has formed a business structure with three major segments, 
including intelligent passenger information services business, data and integration services business, and intelligent 
infrastructure business, among which the railway transportation business is the Company’s most important source of 
revenue. Therefore, the development trend of the railway transportation industry is closely related to the Company’s 
micro business environment.
In 2024, the railway transportation industry in Mainland China continued its steady development trend, with stable 
growth in investment, passenger flow and other indicators. In terms of railway lines in Mainland China, according 
to the data of China State Railway Group, fixed-asset in national railway construction investment amounted to 
approximately RMB850.6 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 11.3%; and the aggregate 
passenger volume by railway was approximately 4.08 billion, representing an increase of approximately 10.8% as 
compared to the same period last year. In terms of urban railway lines in Mainland China, according to data of China 
Association of Metros, a total of 25 cities in Mainland China launched new lines, sections or extensions in urban 
railway transportation throughout 2024, resulting in a year-on-year increase of 953.04 kilometres, or approximately 
7.7%, in operational railway lines. The total passenger volume based on the all types of passenger ticketing system 
was approximately 32.26 billion in 2024, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 9.5%, reaching new 
heights. Globally, research data show that the total operating mileage of urban railways reached 44,730.1 kilometres 
in 2024, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.1%. In particular, the total operating mileage of urban railways in 
Mainland China accounted for approximately 28.7% of the global total, ranking first in the world, with a growth rate 
that continues to exceed the global average.
Mr. Liu Yu
Chief Executive Officer

--- Page 12 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 11
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
Overall, the railway transportation industry experienced steady development in 2024, providing a relatively favourable 
external environment for the Company. However, in terms of the Company’s micro operations, it continues to face a 
series of complex challenges. The rail transit industry competition has become more intense, presenting trends such 
as diversified customer needs, localised procurement models, and “investment for markets”. This has certainly posed 
challenges to market expansion and market share consolidation. Meanwhile, the railway transportation industry 
is undergoing a business transition from “traditional infrastructure” to “digital new infrastructure”, with cutting-
edge technologies such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing and big data reshaping the industry ecosystem 
and fostering new quality productive force. The integration and application of new technologies and traditional 
business have become a new concern in the industry, raising requirements for companies’ capabilities of technological 
implementation and transformation. In the face of these challenges, the Company will continue to maintain a prudent 
attitude, and adopt a steady approach to move along with the trend curve.
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
In 2024, the Group actively explored domestic and overseas markets and ensured the timely delivery of projects. The 
Group’s overall operating results remained stable as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year. In 
2024, the Group recorded revenue of HK$1,656.8 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 1.2% 
(equivalent to approximately RMB1,511.3 million of revenue recorded in 2024, representing a year-on-year increase 
of approximately 2.4%). Gross profit margin was approximately 37.4%, representing a year-on-year increase of 
approximately 1.3 percentage points. Profit attributable to equity shareholders amounted to approximately HK$167.6 
million, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 3.8% (equivalent to approximately RMB152.9 
million of the profit attributable to equity shareholders recorded in 2024, representing a year-on-year decrease of 
approximately 2.7%).
In 2024, the Group adhered to its market strategy of “relying on Beijing and Hong Kong, stepping up its presence 
nationwide, and exploring international markets”. The Group has expanded into overseas markets in Egypt, Chile, the 
Netherlands and the Philippines for the first time. The Group continued to broaden its business footprint, reaching 
a total of 55 cities in Mainland China and 32 cities in 20 overseas countries and regions. As at the end of 2024, the 
Group’s orders on hand amounted to approximately HK$3.23 billion, representing a significant year-on-year increase 
of approximately 27.4%, securing stable revenue for the future.
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue
The Group recorded revenue of approximately HK$1,656.8 million in FY2024, representing an increase of 
approximately 1.2% as compared with FY2023 (FY2023: approximately HK$1,637.2 million). Revenue was mainly 
derived from the three core businesses: intelligent passenger information services business, data and integration 
services business and intelligent infrastructure business, which amounted to approximately HK$755.9 million, 
HK$515.6 million and HK$385.3 million respectively, accounting for approximately 45.6%, 31.1% and 23.3%, 
respectively, of the total revenue.
Revenue derived from the intelligent passenger information services business for the Period was approximately 
HK$755.9 million, representing a decrease of approximately HK$15.0 million or approximately 1.9% as compared 
with the same period last year, mainly due to a slight change in revenue for the Period resulting from varying progress 
cycles of key projects.

--- Page 13 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202412
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
Revenue derived from the data and integration services business for the Period was approximately HK$515.6 million, 
representing a decrease of approximately HK$61.8 million or approximately 10.7% as compared with the same period 
last year, mainly due to the overall small scale of key projects that reached the revenue recognition point during the 
Period.
Revenue derived from the intelligent infrastructure business for the Period was approximately HK$385.3 million, 
representing an increase of approximately HK$96.5 million or approximately 33.4% as compared with the same 
period last year. The surge was mainly due to the consolidated revenue recognition of key projects during the Period, 
namely the new airport expressway project.
By geographical region, the Group mainly operates its businesses in Mainland China. In FY2024, the Group recorded 
revenue of approximately HK$1,596.2 million in Mainland China, representing an increase of approximately 
HK$34.5 million or approximately 2.2% as compared with the same period last year. The Group recorded revenue 
of approximately HK$25.4 million from the Hong Kong market during the Period, representing an increase of 
approximately HK$0.7 million or approximately 2.8% as compared with the same period last year. Meanwhile, 
the Group recorded revenue of approximately HK$35.2 million from overseas markets, representing a decrease of 
approximately HK$15.6 million or approximately 30.7% as compared with the same period last year. The change was 
mainly due to the completion of Mumbai Metro Lines 2 & 7, which contributed a significant amount of revenue in the 
same period last year, while new overseas projects have not yet reached the centralised delivery stage.
Cost of sales and gross profit
The Group’s cost of sales amounted to approximately HK$1,037.1 million in FY2024, representing a decrease of 
approximately HK$9.1 million or approximately 0.9% as compared with the same period last year. The Group’s 
gross profit was approximately HK$619.7 million, representing an increase of approximately HK$28.7 million or 
approximately 4.9% as compared with the same period last year.
Selling, general and administrative expenses
The Group’s selling, general and administrative expenses for FY2024 amounted to approximately HK$266.6 million, 
representing a decrease of approximately HK$0.4 million or approximately 0.2% as compared with the same period 
last year.
Impairment losses under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model
The Group’s impairment losses under the ECL model represent the impairment provision made by the Group in 
accordance with the ECL rates prescribed by IFRS 9 for its trade receivables and contract assets. Further details in 
credit risk is set out in Notes 30(a).
For the Year of 2024, the Group’s impairment loss under the ECL model was approximately HK$13.5 million (2023: 
HK$7.4 million).
As of the date of this annual report, trade receivables and contract assets of approximately HK$353.2 million as at 
31 December 2024 have been subsequently settled. Based on the historical loss experience and the sound financial 
background of the Group’s customers, management assessed that the expected credit loss allowances recognised as 
at 31 December 2024 were adequate.
Research and development (“R&D”) expenses
In FY2024, the Group’s R&D expenses amounted to approximately HK$159.6 million, representing a decrease of 
approximately 6.6% as compared with the last period. This was mainly due to the improvement in the Group’s R&D 
efficiency during the Period.

--- Page 14 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 13
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
Share of results of joint ventures and associates
The Group’s investment income was approximately HK$21.9 million in FY2024, an increase of approximately HK$0.3 
million or approximately 1.4%, remaining stable as compared to the last period.
Fair value changes in other financial assets
The Group recorded losses on changes in fair value of approximately HK$7.6 million for FY2024. The change was 
mainly due to changes in the fair value of the Group’s other financial assets, Youdao Technology and Cornerstone 
Huiying.
Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Group
The profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Group was approximately HK$167.6 million in FY2024, 
representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 3.8%. Earnings per share were HK$0.080, representing a year-
on-year decrease of approximately 3.8%.
Liquidity, financial and capital resources
Capital structure
As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s issued share capital consisted of 2,097,146,727 ordinary shares of HK$0.01 
each (as at 31 December 2023: 2,097,146,727 ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each).
Cash position
As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s cash and bank balances were approximately HK$761.2 million (as at 31 
December 2023: approximately HK$697.1 million). The increase was mainly due to the increase in net cash flows from 
operating activities of the Group during the Period.
Borrowings and pledged assets of the Group
As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s borrowings were approximately HK$384.8 million (as at 31 December 2023: 
approximately HK$331.4 million), of which HK$255 million was derived from the borrowing from a subsidiary of 
BII, the Company’s ultimate holding company, and the remaining was bank and other borrowings of approximately 
HK$129.8 million. In respect of the Group’s borrowings of HK$255 million, as at 31 December 2024, the rights and 
interests in 81% of the issued share capital of Great Legend, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, held by the 
Company were charged in favour of a subsidiary of BII, the ultimate holding company of the Company. 
As at the date of this report, the rights and interests in 51% of the issued share capital of Great Legend corresponding 
to the loan of HK$255 million due on 12 December 2024 have been released, and the rights and interests in 30% 
of the issued share capital of Great Legend corresponding to the existing loan of HK$255 million were charged in 
favour of a subsidiary of BII, the ultimate holding company of the Company. Please refer to the announcement of the 
Company dated 14 October 2024 and the circular of the Company dated 21 November 2024 for details.
Working capital and gearing ratio
As at 31 December 2024, the Group had current assets of approximately HK$3,233.2 million (as at 31 December 
2023: approximately HK$2,922.30 million), while its current liabilities were approximately HK$1,575.8 million (as at 
31 December 2023: approximately HK$1,560.6 million), resulting in net current assets of approximately HK$1,657.4 
million (as at 31 December 2023: approximately HK$1,361.7 million). As at 31 December 2024, the current ratio, 
calculated based on current assets divided by current liabilities, was approximately 2.1 (as at 31 December 2023: 
approximately 1.9).
Gearing ratio is calculated based on total debts at the end of a period divided by total assets at the end of such period 
multiplied by 100%. As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s gearing ratio was 39.2% (as at 31 December 2023: 
approximately 36.2%).

--- Page 15 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202414
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
Foreign exchange exposure
The Group has six main operating subsidiaries, with one established in Hong Kong and the remaining five registered 
in Mainland China. All of these subsidiaries earn revenue and incur cost in their local currencies. The Directors consider 
that the impact of foreign exchange exposure on the Group is minimal.
The Group currently does not engage in any hedging activities designated or intended to manage foreign exchange 
rate risk. Therefore, the Group will closely monitor the exchange rate risk and interest rate risk concerned, actively 
explore foreign exchange hedging options with major banks and use financial instruments to hedge against such risks 
when necessary.
Contingent liabilities
As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities (31 December 2023: nil).
BUSINESS ANALYSIS BY SEGMENT
In 2024, the Group continued to implement its “14th Five-Year” plan while enhancing its “3+2” business model 
that focuses on its three core businesses: intelligent passenger information services business, data and integration 
services business, and intelligent infrastructure business, and focuses on resource integration and market expansion. 
Leveraging product technology and service empowerment, the Group advanced key business development to enhance 
market competitiveness and service levels. These efforts enabled the Group to improve both its operating efficiency 
and development quality.
Intelligent passenger information services business
The intelligent passenger information services business primarily focuses on passenger mobility scenarios covering 
areas such as high-speed railways, intercity railways, suburban railways, and metro. Its main products include 
integrated PIS, on-board integrated cloud-based platform, comprehensive monitoring, smart card automated fare 
collection system and other hardware and software products and solutions.
Revenue derived from the intelligent passenger information services business for the Period was approximately 
HK$755.9 million, representing a decrease of approximately HK$15.0 million or approximately 1.9% as compared 
with the same period last year. Gross profit was approximately HK$325.1 million, representing a year-on-year increase 
of approximately 10.4%; gross profit margin was approximately 43.0%, representing a year-on-year increase of 
approximately 4.8 percentage points.
In 2024, the Group focused on its domestic businesses and strengthened its advantages. As a result, the Group’s on-
board PIS business has maintained the largest market share in China for nine consecutive years. During the Period, 
the Group secured new orders in Shenyang, Jinan, and Shenzhen, enabling it to further solidify its competitive 
advantages in the industry. Notably, the Group secured a contract for the Beijing Metro Line 22 PIS Project, valued at 
approximately RMB58.162 million. This project will innovatively integrate an AI-based intelligent train analysis system 
into the conventional PIS. Using specialised cameras and AI-based image analysis and recognition technology, the 
system conducts multi-dimensional analysis of subway compartment congestion, lost items, and passenger behaviour, 
to enhance the level of operation and management. The Group won the bid for the Jinan Metro Line 6 On-board PIS 
Project, valued at approximately RMB50.846 million, significantly enhancing the Company’s brand influence in the 
local market.
In terms of overseas expansion, the Group has made breakthroughs by entering the markets in Egypt, the Philippines, 
Chile, and the Netherlands for the first time. The Group has also continuously secured new orders in cities such as 
Surat in India and Rio de Janeiro in Brazil. Among them, the successful bid for the Melipilla PIS Project in Chile, valued 
at approximately RMB16.706 million, marks a significant expansion of the Group’s international business in the 
South American market. During the Period, the Group successfully signed contracts for the Surat and Ahmedabad 
PIS Projects in India, valued at approximately RMB23.5 million. With these projects, the Group further consolidated its 
leading position in the industry.

--- Page 16 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 15
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
In terms of project delivery, leveraging its professional technical expertise and efficient execution capabilities, the 
Group successfully delivered the passenger service system and intelligent analysis system for the CR450 prototype, 
the fastest high-speed train in the world. Supported by edge cloud computing and artificial intelligence technologies, 
this project comprehensively enhances train monitoring and passenger service levels. The delivery of this innovative 
achievement demonstrates the Group’s profound strengths in this segment and provides a powerful Chinese solution 
for intelligent development of global railway transportation, effectively enhancing the Group’s brand image and 
market recognition worldwide.
Data and integration services business
The data and integration services business primarily serves subway owners and operators, focusing on scenarios 
such as the construction and operation of railway transportation. The business scope encompasses Automatic Fare 
Collection System (AFC), Traffic Control Centre or Centralised Operation Control Centre (TCC, COCC), low-voltage 
and communication system integration services, as well as intelligent software and hardware products and services 
such as cloud platforms for railways and big data solutions for urban railways.
Revenue derived from the data and integration services business for the Period was approximately HK$515.6 million, 
representing a decrease of approximately HK$61.8 million or approximately 10.7% as compared with the same period 
last year. Gross profit was approximately HK$101.9 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 
25.2%; gross profit margin was approximately 19.8%, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 3.8 
percentage points.
In 2024, the Group continued to consolidate its dominant position in existing markets. During the Period, the Group 
successfully signed a contract for the Engineering Communication System Integration Procurement Project of the 
Beijing Metro Line 22. This project, valued at RMB480 million, represents the Group’s largest single-project contract 
in terms of communication integration. The Group also signed a contract for the Beijing Next-generation AFC 2.0 
System Project, valued at approximately RMB33.507 million. This project aims to achieve technological innovation 
and unified interfaces of the AFC system by streamlining the system’s architecture and uploading data to a cloud 
platform. The Group signed a contract for the Phase I AFC System Integration Project for Shenyang Metro Line 3, 
valued at approximately RMB77.90 million, supporting the implementation of the “One Ticket Pass” ( ɓୃஷ) and 
“One Card Pass” (ɓ̔ஷ) functions for Shenyang Metro. This project marks a breakthrough for this business sector in 
another new city outside of Beijing. In 2024, the Group was also awarded the Intelligent Operation and Maintenance 
Project for the Beijing Municipal Administrative Centre Hub and the Intelligent Operation and Maintenance Platform 
Expansion Project for Beijing High-level Automatic Driving Demonstration Zone 3.0, demonstrating the Group’s 
innovative applications in the new business fields of digital and intelligent construction and development. Additionally, 
the Group proactively promoted the implementation of key signed projects. The Communication Integration Project 
for Beijing Metro Line 13 achieved significant progress, which has realised dynamic adjustment, adaptation, and 
seamless switching of train signals in accordance with changes in the metro line’s operational mode, providing strong 
support for the subsequent split-line operation. Meanwhile, adhering to the bottom line of quality and safety, the 
Group accelerated the implementation and operation of Taiyuan Metro Line 1 and Tianjin Metro Line 7 projects 
through coordination and construction process optimisation, facilitating the operation of these two metro lines.

--- Page 17 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202416
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
Intelligent infrastructure business
The intelligent infrastructure business primarily covers the investment and operation of civil communication 
transmission systems for Beijing’s railway transportation. At the same time, leveraging big data, artificial intelligence 
and other technologies, it provides customers with “intelligent+” services such as intelligent construction sites, 
intelligent parks, intelligent hubs, intelligent utility tunnels and intelligent micro-centres.
Revenue derived from the intelligent infrastructure business for the Period was approximately HK$385.3 million, 
representing an increase of approximately HK$96.5 million or approximately 33.4% as compared with the 
same period last year. Gross profit was approximately HK$192.7 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 
approximately 20.3%, while the gross profit margin was approximately 50.0%, representing a year-on-year decrease 
of approximately 5.4 percentage points.
In 2024, the Group continued to strengthen its civil communication business foundation. While completing the 
construction of civil communication supporting facilities and transmission systems for Beijing Metro Line 3 and Line 
12, the Group renewed service agreements for certain existing station transmission services. The Group also upgraded 
and renovated equipment and facilities related to nine lines, thereby comprehensively improving the safe operation 
of equipment and ensuring the long-term sustainable operation of the civil communications business. In addition, 
building upon the traditional business model, the Group actively explored new growth opportunities for its business, 
continuously focusing on four value-added development directions: wired networks, computing power bandwidth, 
mobile connectivity, and data services. By fully leveraging high-quality equipment room space resources and 
capitalising on the advantages of telecom carriers’ basic communication resources, the Group further expanded the 
scale of its metro edge cloud business. The Group actively explored new markets such as computing power services, 
Internet of Things (IoT), and dedicated line services for industrial parks, contributing to urban renewal and digital 
transformation.
In terms of “intelligent+” services, focusing on application scenarios such as utility tunnels, construction sites, 
communities, industrial parks, highways, and micro-centres, the Group explored market demands and successfully 
signed the Daxing Airport Expressway Intelligent Management and Control Platform Upgrade Project. By employing 
technologies such as digital twins, vehicle positioning, and IoT data fusion, this project aims to build a “1+6+N” 
intelligent management system to help customers achieve goals such as cost reduction, efficiency enhancement, and 
precise scheduling. The Group successfully signed the Beijing Sub-centre Hub Utility Tunnel Project, employing next-
generation technology products based on 5G+ edge computing to further enhance the operation and maintenance 
efficiency of the utility tunnel. For the first time, the Group ventured into the fire services field by securing the Beijing 
Sub-centre Station Integrated Hub FAS Project. This project promotes the localization of fire services for hubs and 
railways, signifying the Group’s “intelligent +” services’ expansion into diverse fields.

--- Page 18 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 17
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
Investment Management
The Group strives to create a post-investment management system with classified policies and precise empowerment, 
aiming to improve its industrial presence and strengthen its industrial ecosystem. By constructing a multi-dimensional 
dynamic monitoring mechanism, the Group closely tracks the financial status and operational performance of 
the companies it invested in timely. This allows for continuous strengthening of value management and resource 
integration within these companies, helping them enhance core competitiveness and collaborative efficiency. This, in 
turn, fosters a virtuous cycle ecosystem that integrates “investment, management, and empowerment”. The primary 
operating performance of companies the Group invested in during the year is as follows:
• Capital Metro, while continuously ensuring the stable operation of the Beijing Subway Capital Airport Express 
and Shaoxing Metro Line 1 (including Hangzhou-Shaoxing section), has advanced the overhaul of the Beijing 
Subway Capital Airport Express’s train No. 1 at a repair facility, further guaranteeing operational service quality. 
During the Period, Capital Metro experienced year-on-year growth in both passenger flow and ticket revenue, 
leading to a corresponding increase in operating income and net profit, which has generated favourable financial 
returns for the Group.
• Metro Technology successfully delivered two benchmark projects: the Passenger Information System for Beijing 
Metro Line 3 and the AFC equipment procurement for Beijing Metro Line 12, providing strong support for the 
smooth opening of the new lines, Beijing Metro Line 3 Phase I and Line 12. Building on its solid foundation in 
traditional businesses, Metro Technology actively explored business cooperation in multiple professional fields 
such as communication, signalling, electromechanical systems, and power supply.
In order to optimise its business structure and enhance strategic focus, the Group recently disposed of 49% of its 
equity interest in Metro Technology by way of public tender process conducted through the China Beijing Equity 
Exchange (ה׸Upon completion of the disposal, the Company and its subsidiaries will no longer 
hold any equity interest in Metro Technology. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company 
dated 13 February 2025 and 27 March 2025 in relation to the disposal of the joint venture by way of public 
tender.
• Ruubypay actively explored a new model of joint operation of transit QR codes. It has successfully signed 
agreements with Douyin and Didi APP and launched transit QR code services, enabling the launch of Super SIM 
card and digital RMB hardware wallet payment for metro access. Meanwhile, Ruubypay also completed the 
signing of joint operation agreements for transit QR codes with the City Pass Mini Program. During the year, the 
Yitongxing APP under Ruubypay had approximately 41.28 million registered users, representing an increase of 
approximately 8.36% as compared with the same period last year, with its internet platform business accounting 
for approximately 63% of the gate traffic of the entire network in Beijing.
• Youdao Technology continued to enhance the integration of industry and education. By independently 
developing a series of simulation training systems, it has built an integrated simulation teaching environment, 
deeply integrating intelligent scheduling and automatic control technologies, and assisting vocational colleges in 
improving their practical teaching standards. During the year, Youdao Technology was honoured as a national-
level “Little Giant” ( ʃ̶ɛ) enterprise specialising in niche sectors with innovative technologies, demonstrating 
that its technological innovation capabilities and the value of its collaboration between industry and education 
have been acknowledged.

--- Page 19 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202418
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
• Beijing SmartTOD Technology Development Co., Ltd* (ʮ̡) actively participated 
in a number of key demonstration projects in Beijing, focusing on intelligent hubs and dual-intelligence private 
networks. During the year, the deployment of software and hardware for the Intelligent Platform of the Sub-
centre Integrated Transportation Hub Project was completed, creating an integrated operation command and 
scheduling system. The construction of the dual-intelligence private network for the expansion of the Beijing 
High-level Automatic Driving Demonstration Zone 3.0 has made phased breakthroughs, with the hardware 
deployment of the resource integration platform and the installation and commissioning of the large screen 
display system completed. This lays the foundation for the construction of a city-level intelligent transportation 
management platform by providing standardised technical modules and a data base.
• Cornerstone Lianying has entered the exit phase, with some projects achieving smooth exits and generating 
investment income. Leveraging the investment planning of Cornerstone Huiying, the Group focuses on the 
railway transportation industry ecosystem, continuously selecting and incubating high-quality enterprises to 
enhance operational capabilities.
R&D and innovation
The Group upholds the core strategic concept of “R&D + Innovation,” targeting new requirements for the 
development of new quality productive forces. The Group delves into relevant national, local, and industry policies 
and development guidelines, focusing on the intelligent, integrated, and independent development trends within 
the railway transportation industry. This proactive approach involves undertaking major scientific research projects, 
fostering the aggregation of innovation elements within the Group, and promoting the Group’s role as a key driver of 
innovation decisions, R&D investment, and achievement transformation.
In terms of management innovation, the first step is to segment product application scenarios. Building upon the 
foundation of the three major business segments, the products have been categorised into six applicable scenarios: 
smart ticketing, smart customer service, smart operations, smart security, smart infrastructure, and smart maintenance. 
This ensures comprehensive coverage of products under development and enhances the granularity of product 
management. The second aspect focuses on implementing a scenario-based layering strategy, consolidating product 
advantages in the areas of smart ticketing and smart operations, enhancing product accumulation in the fields of 
smart security and smart infrastructure, and exploring product landscape within the realms of smart customer service 
and smart maintenance scenarios. Thirdly, the Group aims to improve the product system by formulating guidelines 
for standardised project deliverables and implementation guidelines for work-hour statistics for independently 
developed projects. This ensures that every stage of product R&D, from project initiation and research to promotion 
and implementation, adheres to high-quality standards.
In terms of R&D projects, the Group has continuously improved its scientific research management system to promote 
the orderly progress of these projects. Firstly, significant achievements have been made in the management of 
scientific research projects, with over ten external research projects completing mid-term inspections and external 
reviews, and two internal research projects passing acceptance inspections. Secondly, substantial results have been 
achieved in research project applications, including the organisation and approval of major projects such as “Key 
Technology Research and Demonstration of Integrated Urban (Suburban) Railway and Urban Rail Transit Operation” 
by the Municipal Science and Technology Commission. Thirdly, two research achievements, namely “Research and 
Application of Key Technologies for Rail Transit Onboard Edge Intelligence based on Cloud-Native Technology” and 
“Research and Application of Key Technologies for a Mobile Road Network Operation Monitoring Platform based on a 
Rail Transit Data Base”, have received “dual certification” from the Beijing Railway Transportation Society, recognising 
them as both internationally advanced and domestically leading. This accomplishment lays a solid foundation for 
future applications for scientific and technological achievement awards.

--- Page 20 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 19
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
In terms of technology application, the multi-cloud integrated management platform has completed its upgrade 
to version 1.14 and passed internal pre-acceptance. This platform establishes a comprehensive monitoring system 
covering the entire link from virtual machines to the core network, realising unified and visualised monitoring of the 
entire business process, and has been implemented and validated at the Beijing Railway Transportation Command 
Centre. Secondly, the On-board Edge Cloud 2.0 product has achieved large-scale application, being implemented in 
high-speed railways, intercity railways and subway projects in various cities and regions, including Sanya, Meishan, 
Beijing and the Greater Bay Area. In particular, it has made a significant breakthrough in the field of high-speed 
railways by becoming the first platform to be equipped on the next-generation CR450 intelligent EMUs. Thirdly, the 
Data4U 1.0 product has been successfully put into operation at the Beijing Railway Transportation Big Data Centre, 
overcoming multiple technical challenges such as MPP data warehouse data acquisition and heterogeneous system 
data fusion. This product has realised unified aggregation and efficient governance of massive railway transportation 
data, providing data support for network-level intelligent decision-makings.
In 2024, the Group spent approximately HK$159.6 million on R&D, representing a year-on-year decrease of 
approximately 6.6%, which was mainly attributable to the increase in the Group’s R&D efficiency. During the year, 29 
new patents (149 patents in aggregate) and 77 new software copyrights (645 in aggregate) were obtained. A total 
of six scientific and technological achievements awards were received, including the Second Prize for Scientific and 
Technological Progress from the Beijing Railway Transportation Society and the Top 10 Most Innovative Technology 
Awards at the 2024 Zhongguancun International Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition for Railway 
Transportation. In addition, wholly-owned and holding subsidiaries were granted eight scientific and technological 
innovation qualifications, including the national-level “Little Giant” enterprise specialising in innovation, the national 
qualification for “Commercial Cryptography Testing Institution”, and the recognition of “Innovative Small and 
Medium-Sized Enterprise” and “Specialised and Innovative Small and Medium-Sized Enterprise” in Beijing. These 
achievements not only demonstrate the Group’s R&D strength but also mark a solid step forward in promoting 
technological innovation in railway transportation.
BUSINESS PROSPECTS
Transformation and upgrading of digital and intelligent scenarios in the railway 
transportation segment
In recent years, innovative achievements based on cutting-edge technologies such as artificial intelligence, big data, 
and cloud computing have accelerated their penetration into various industries. Various smart rail transit products 
that are mainly aimed at improving efficiency, enhancing safety, and reducing costs have been demonstrated in core 
business scenarios such as urban rail transit construction, operation, and maintenance, and have achieved good 
results in sub-segment such as intelligent dispatching, smart operation and maintenance, and intelligent customer 
service. The 2025 Government Work Report clearly proposes to “develop digital and intelligent infrastructure” 
and emphasises that “we should continuously promote the ‘AI+’ initiative, vigorously developing next-generation 
intelligent terminals and intelligent manufacturing equipment”. Driven by policies, such as the “Opinions on 
Promoting the Construction of New Urban Infrastructure and Building Resilient Cities” and the “Guiding Opinions on 
Citywide Digital Transformation” in 2024, smart rail transit products will gradually move from the technical verification 
stage to the large scale production stage in the future. As the application demand for smart rail transit continues to 
escalate, it is expected that the market space for smart rail transit products will continue to expand, facilitating the 
high-quality development of the industry.

--- Page 21 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202420
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
Renovation and upgrading generating incremental market
Since the 21st century, the construction of the rail transit system in Mainland China has been advancing rapidly, when 
equipment and facilities such as vehicles and ground equipment have been put into use in a large scale. According 
to relevant statistics, as of the end of 2024, there were over 30 urban rail transit lines in China that have been in 
operation for more than 15 years, and nearly 60 lines operating for 10 to 15 years, concentrated in major cities such 
as Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, and Shenzhen. According to national standards and general design life estimates of 
the industry, the vehicles and related equipment on the above lines have entered the overhaul or renewal cycle. With 
the increase in the mileage and investment of new lines, the scale of the renewal and renovation market will continue 
to expand in the future. Particularly since 2024, the State Council has issued the “Action Plan for Promoting Large-
scale Equipment Renewal and Consumer Goods Trade-in”, and the Urban Rail Transit Association has also issued 
the “Guiding Opinions on the Renovation of Existing Urban Railway Transportation Lines”. Driven by policy catalysis, 
the demand for the replacement of rail transit equipment is expected to accelerate, and the incremental space in the 
relevant market will be broader.
Potential of overseas business gradually released
In recent years, the railway transportation industry in Mainland China has actively enhanced international cooperation 
and regional integration, and is deeply involved in the construction of infrastructure interconnection under the 
framework of “the Belt and Road” initiative. Through the cooperation on constructing major infrastructure projects 
such as high-speed railways and metro systems, the economic integration and development among the countries 
along the route will be promoted. Against this backdrop, “going abroad” has become a strategic priority for most of 
domestic enterprises. Many enterprises in the industry, led by CRRC, are actively expanding their overseas market to 
embrace the new trend of globalization. According to relevant research, it is anticipated that total operating mileage 
of urban railways around the world will exceed 45,000 kilometres by 2025, maintaining a steady growth trend. At 
present, the Company has made strategic deployment in many countries, with our on-board PIS business segment 
steadily rank first in the market share in India. Looking forward, the Company will make continuous efforts on “going 
abroad”, consolidate its foundation of international business development and replicate the proven industry model in 
more “the Belt and Road” countries to realize its sustainable development.
MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS OR DISPOSALS DURING FY2024
There were no other material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during FY2024.
SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD AND FUTURE PLANS
Beijing Metro was established on 15 February 2016, and its equity interest was held by the Company and Beijing 
Subway Operation as to 49% and 51%, respectively. Its registered capital was RMB500 million of which RMB245.0 
million was contributed by the Company and RMB255.0 million was contributed by Beijing Subway Operation which 
is an independent third party. Beijing Metro is principally engaged in investing, constructing, operating, managing 
subway lines, operating value-added services and related property development, including managing the Operating 
Income Rights of Beijing Subway Airport Express, Dongzhimen Terminal and new lines of the Beijing Subway.
Beijing Metro is a non-public company whose quoted market price is not available. As of 31 December 2024, the 
carrying amounts of Beijing Metro in the Group‘s consolidated financial statements by using equity method is 
approximately HK$251.2 million, accounting for approximately 5.2% of the Group’s total assets as at 31 December 
2024. In September 2024, the Company received approximately HK$1.9 million dividends from Beijing Metro.
Save as disclosed, there were no other significant investments held or other future plans for material investments or 
capital assets during FY2024.

--- Page 22 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 21
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
As at 31 December 2024, the Group employed a total of 623 employees (including the executive Directors) (31 
December 2023: 647). The total staff costs, including Directors’ remuneration, were approximately HK$290.6 million 
(FY2023: approximately HK$297 million). The reason for the decrease was mainly due to the Group’s continuous 
optimisation of its personnel structure.
The Group reviews remuneration package annually with reference to the prevailing market conditions and staff’s 
working performance, qualification, and experience. In addition to basic remuneration, the Group also pays bonus 
based on its performance and staff’s contribution to the Group. Other benefits include contribution to social 
insurance scheme, provident fund, supplementary and medical insurance in Mainland China, and contribution to the 
MPF Scheme and insurances in Hong Kong. The Group also organized professional and vocational trainings for its 
employees.
FINAL DIVIDEND
In view of the business growth of the Group and in response to the long term support of the shareholders of the 
Company, the Board recommended the declaration of a final dividend of HK$0.024 per share for FY2024 (FY2023: 
HK$0.025 per share). The proposed final dividend will be payable to Shareholders whose names appear on the 
register of members of the Company on Friday, 27 June 2025, subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the 
2025 AGM to be held on 19 June 2025. It is expected that the final dividend will be paid on or before Friday, 19 
September 2025.
MATTERS SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING PERIOD
On 27 March 2025, the Group disposed 49% of the equity interests in Metro Technology, a joint venture of the 
Company, at the final transaction price of RMB68,332,215. Upon completion of the disposal, the Company and its 
subsidiaries will no longer hold any equity interest in Metro Technology. Please refer to the announcements of the 
Company dated 13 February 2025 and 27 March 2025 for details.
Save as disclosed, there were no other significant events arising subsequent to FY2024 as at the date of this report.

--- Page 23 ---
RISK FACTOR ANALYSIS
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202422
RISK FROM ECONOMIC VOLATILITY
During 2024, China’s economy continued to show a positive trend of steady recovery. However, the uncertainties 
in the environment of international politics and trade still exist, which may pose a challenge to the macroeconomic 
or stable development of the industry. The core business of the Group is closely related to macroeconomic and 
industrial policies. To a certain extent, economic fluctuations will increase uncertainties to the Group’s production and 
operation. The Group will further strengthen its awareness of risk prevention and control, deepen its forward-looking 
research and detailed analysis of market dynamics, flexibly adjust its business strategies, and strive to reduce the risks 
of macroeconomic uncertainty to the Group’s production and operation.
RISK FROM MARKET COMPETITION
As the growth rate of newly-built markets in the rail transit industry has slowed down, industry competition has 
become more intense, presenting trends such as diversified customer needs, localised procurement models, and 
“investment for markets”, which pose new challenges to the Group’s business layout and service model. The Group 
will continue to deepen the development of domestic and foreign markets, strengthen strategic synergy with local 
governments and partners, optimise resource allocation strategies, strengthen competitive advantages in superior 
technologies and integrated products, and at the same time, control quality and cost and improve business response 
speed and service quality to further enhance core competitiveness.
RISK FROM TECHNOLOGICAL TRANSFORMATION
New technologies such as AI are in a period of rapid development of integrated rail transit applications. The cost 
of trial and error is high, product iteration is fast, the standards for cutting-edge products are not yet unified, the 
matching relationship between R&D input and output is not stable, and if the choice of technology route is wrong 
or lag occurs, it may also shake the Company’s competitive advantage. The Group will continue to maintain a high 
level of R&D investment in order to accelerate the transformation of technological achievements and application 
innovation, continue to keep up with the pace of technological development, integrate cutting-edge technologies 
in the industry into products and services, further enhance the effectiveness of traditional businesses, and promote 
innovation in business models and upgrades to ensure that it maintains an advantage in a highly competitive market 
environment.

--- Page 24 ---
INVESTOR RELATIONS
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 23
INVESTOR RELATIONS
Communication with investors
Over the past year, we have maintained close contact with investors, continuously communicating with them through 
online meetings, phone calls, face-to-face conversations, and other means, and answering questions about the 
Group’s strategic direction, business development, prospects, and other concerns at any time.
In 2024, the Group has communicated with investors and analysts more than 50 times.
Channels to gain information
The Company ensures that all the investors can have access to the Company’s important information equally, 
accurately and in time through its website. Investors can gain details about corporate governance, information 
disclosure, stock information, roadshow and investment information, investor liaison, etc. on the Investor Relations 
section of the Company’s website. They can also easily search and obtain annual reports together with other 
company news. The specific communication methods are detailed in paragraphs, including “Investor Relations and 
Communication with Shareholders” and “Shareholders’ Rights” in the Corporate Governance Report of this annual 
report.
Financial summary for 2025
2024 annual results announcement 27 March 2025
2025 AGM 19 June 2025
Closing of register of members (in relation to the 2025 AGM) 16 June 2025 to 19 June 2025 
(both days inclusive)
Closing of register of members (in relation to dividend distribution) 25 June 2025 to 27 June 2025
(both days inclusive)
Distribution of final dividend for 2024 HK$50,331,521.45
2025 interim results announcement August 2025
End of financial year 31 December
Dividend performance
Dividend per Share
Final dividend per ordinary Share for FY2022 HK$0.026 per Share
Final dividend per ordinary Share for FY2023 HK$0.025 per Share
Final dividend per ordinary Share for FY2024 HK$0.024 per Share
Dividend policy
After the Board took comprehensive consideration of strategic planning, business expansion, operation management, 
dividend payout and other factors, the Group has adopted a dividend policy which it believes is a sustainable, stable 
and scientific return mechanism for Shareholders. The mid-to-long-term dividend payout ratio will not be lower than 
30% in principle, which will provide Shareholders with tangible returns. The specific dividend allocation will depend 
on the annual results, cash flows and other factors, subject to the approval of Shareholders at the relevant annual 
general meeting.

--- Page 25 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202424
Investor Relations (continued)
Shareholding as of 31 December 2024
Ordinary Shares
Total number of issued Shares 2,097,146,727
Market value
As of 31 December 2024, HK$566.23 million (closing price as at 31 December 2024: HK$0.270)
Key ratios
P/E ratio* (Market Price per Common Share/Earnings per Common Share) 3.38
P/B ratio* (Market Price per Common Share/Net Assets per Common Share) 0.19
Net profit margin (Profit Attributable to Equity shareholders of the Company/Revenue × 100%) 10.1%
Return on equity (Profit Attributable to Equity shareholders of the Company/Average total equity × 100%) 5.8%
Dividend yield* (Dividend per Common Share/Market price per Common Share × 100%) 8.9%
* According to the closing price on 31 December 2024
Stock information
Stock code
The Stock Exchange 1522
Reuters 1522.HK
Bloomberg 1522 HK
ISIN KYG1267V1005

--- Page 26 ---
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS
AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 25
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
LIU Yu (ᄎຄ), Mr. Liu, aged 51, joined the Group in May 2013 and was appointed as Vice President of the Group in 
July 2014. He was appointed as an executive Director on 30 November 2022, and was appointed as Chief Executive 
Officer and member of the Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Committee on 21 March 2023.
From June 1996 to April 2001, Mr. Liu served as project manager of the Intelligent Transportation Division of 
Tsinghua Unigroup Co., Ltd. From April 2001 to July 2005, Mr. Liu served as project manager of the Urban Intelligent 
Transportation Division of BOCO Group Co., Ltd. From July 2005 to May 2013, at Metro Network Command Centre 
(TCC), Mr. Liu has served as manager of Project Department,  head of TCC Technical Workshop, deputy director of 
Technical Engineering Department, manager of Information Centre Project Department and Deputy Chief Engineer. 
Mr. Liu served as general manager of BII-TTBJ from October 2014 to November 2021, as chairman of the board of BII-
TTBJ from February 2019 to January 2024, as director and deputy general manager of BII Zhongfu from August 2019 
to February 2021, as executive director of BII Zhongfu with effect from 23 May 2023, and as chairman of the board of 
Litmus from December 2019 to December 2021 and from 23 May 2023 to 11 July 2024, as deputy general manager 
of BII-TDBJ since March 2021, as director and general manager of BII-TDBJ with effect from 20 June 2023, and as 
director of BII-TSHK with effect from April 2021 to June 2023.
In June 2008, Mr. Liu obtained a master’s degree in transportation planning and management from Beijing University 
of Technology. In June 2022, Mr. Liu was qualified as Senior Engineer approved by Senior Engineer Qualification 
Review Committee of Engineering and Technology Series of Chinese Academy of Sciences (ኪ৫ʈ೻Ҧஔӻΐ
ึ
.
Zhao Jingyuan (Ⴛẙధ), Ms. Zhao, aged 44, was appointed as an executive Director on 8 August 2024.
Ms. Zhao has over 10 years of experience in human resources management. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Zhao 
worked in Beijing Zhongdian Feihua Communication Co., Ltd. (ʮ̡) as manager of the 
human resources department. Between February 2011 and January 2012, Ms. Zhao was the senior manager of the 
human resources department of BII. Between January 2012 and September 2013, she was the director of human 
resources and administration of BII-TTBJ. Between September 2013 and March 2016, she held the roles of assistant to 
general manager and deputy general manager of the human resources department of BII. Between March 2016 and 
November 2021, Ms. Zhao was the Vice President of the Company. Between July 2017 and June 2019, she was also 
appointed as the Deputy Secretary of the General Party Branc h of the Group. She was re-appointed as the Deputy 
Secretary of the General Party Branch of the Group in November 2021 and mainly responsible for party management, 
general management, management of legal affairs, compliance management and internal auditing of the Group.
Ms. Zhao obtained a bachelor’s degree of arts, majoring in radio and television directing (program hosting) and a 
master’s degree in history, majoring in Chinese modern history from Liaoning University ( ፱ྐྵɽኪ) in 2003 and 2006 
respectively. She possesses the practicing qualification as first level corporate human resources manager* ( Άุɛɢ༟
ɓॴ).

--- Page 27 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202426
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (continued)
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
REN Yuhang (΂ρঘ), Mr. Ren, aged 49, was appointed as a non-executive Director on 21 November 2024, and has 
been appointed as the chairman of the Board, the chairman of the Nomination Committee, the chairman of the ESG 
Committee, and a member of the Remuneration Committee. Between February 2017 and July 2021, Mr. Ren was a 
non-executive Director.
Since 2007, Mr. Ren has held various roles in BII. Mr. Ren served in the finance planning department of BII as deputy 
manager and general  manager between October  2011 and Au gust 2014, and between August 2014 and January 
2017, respectively. Between August 2016 and January 2017, Mr. Ren was the deputy head of the office of external 
cooperation of BII. Between January 2017 and July 2018, he was the general manager of the capital operations 
department and the head of the office of external cooperation of BII. Between July 2018 and May 2024, Mr. Ren was 
the general manager of the investment and development department of BII. Mr. Ren has been the secretary to the 
board of directors of BII since January 2019. He has been the deputy general manager of BII since January 2024.
Other than his roles in BII, Mr. Ren has also taken up other roles. Between July 2015 and September 2022, Mr. 
Ren was the director of BII HK.  Between March 2017 and February 2021, Mr. Ren was a director of Beijing Traffic 
Control Technology Co., Ltd (ʮ̡), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock 
code: 688015). Between June 2017 and September 2024, he was the chairman of the board of directors of Beijing 
Jiuzhouyigui Environmental Technology Co., Ltd. (ʮ̡), a company listed on the 
Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code:  688485). Since June 2017, Mr. Ren has been the chairman of the board of 
directors of Cornerstone International Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.* (΅ʮ̡). Between August 
2018 and March 2022, Mr. Ren was a non-executive director of Beijing Urban Construction Design & Development 
Group Co., Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1599). Between February 
2019 and June 2021, Mr. Ren was a director of Huaqi Intelligent, a subsidiary of the Company. Between April 2019 
and June 2022, Mr. Ren was the vice chairman of the board of directors of Shaoxing Jingyue Metro Co., Ltd.* ( ୗጳ
ʮ̡). Between August 2019 and September 2023, he was the vice chairman of the board of directors 
of Huangshan Region Travel Metro Investment Development Co., Ltd* (ʮ̡). 
Between October 2019 and August 2022, Mr. Ren was an  executive director of Beijing Capital Private Equity Fund 
Management Co., Ltd.* (ʮ̡). Between November 2019 and July 2024, he was an 
executive director of BII Investment Co., Ltd (ʮ̡) (“BII Investment ”). Between November 
2019 and May 2023, he was also the general manager of BII Investment. Between July 2020 and November 2022, 
Mr. Ren was the chairman of the board of directors of Beijing Jishi Sensing Information Service Co., Ltd.* ( ̏ԯ
ʮ̡). Between August 2020 and December 2024, Mr. Ren has been a director of Capital 
Securities Corporation Limited* (ʮ̡) a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock 
code: 601136). Since September 2021, Mr. Ren has been the chairman of the board of directors of Beijing Smart City 
Network Co., Ltd.* (ʮ̡). Since March 2022, Mr. Ren has been a director of National Pension 
Insurance Co., Ltd.* (ʮ̡).
Mr. Ren obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering, majoring  in thermal engineering, from the Wuhan University 
of Hydraulic and Electric Engineering* (ဏ˥лཥɢɽኪ) in 1996 and a doctoral degree in business administration 
from the Beijing Institute of Technology* ( ̏ԯଣʈɽኪ) in 2008. In June 2011, Mr. Ren obtained the qualification 
of senior economist specialising in finance from the Beijing Senior Specialised Technique Qualification Evaluation 
Committee.

--- Page 28 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 27
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (continued)
SUN Fang (˙), Ms. Sun, aged 51, was appointed as a non-executive Director on 27 October 2022. 
From August 2007 to November 2016, Ms.  Sun served as Deputy General Manager and Executive Deputy General 
Manager of Metro Network. From November 2016 to February 2020, Ms. Sun served as Deputy Secretary of the Party 
Branch and Executive Deputy General Manager of Metro Network. From February 2020 to November 2023, Ms. Sun 
served as Deputy Secretary of the Party Branch and General Manager of Metro Network. Since November 2023, Ms. 
Sun has served as Secretary of the Party Branch and chairman of Ruubypay.
Ms. Sun obtained a bachelor’s degree in Engineering, majoring in transportation from Beijing Jiaotong University ( ̏
ԯʹஷɽኪ) in July 1996. In October 2007, she was qualified as Senior Engineer in general layout and transportation 
specialty ( ᐼྡ༶፩ਖ਼ุ) approved by Beijing Senior Specialised Technique Qualification Assessment Committee. In 
December 2022, she was qualified as Senior Engineer in Urban Rail Transit specialty (༸༶፩ਖ਼ุ) approved by 
Beijing Senior Professional Title Assessment Committee.
CAO Mingda (༺), Mr. Cao, aged 33, was appointed as a non-executive Director on 11 April 2022.
From May 2016 to March 2017, Mr. Cao served as the operations manager of Beijing En’an Futong Technology Co., 
Ltd. (ʮ̡). Mr. Cao has been the business manager of Ruubypay since March 2017, and the 
director and deputy general manager of Dalian Yixing Technology Co., Ltd. (ʮ̡) since October 
2018. Mr. Cao also served as a supervisor of  Beijing Maglihe Liquor Trade Co., Ltd. (ʮ
̡), as director of Shenyang Metro Technology Co., Ltd. (ʮ̡) since April 2021, as the director of 
Hohhot Metro Technology Development Co., Ltd.* (ʮ̡) was September 2022, as the 
chairman of BII-TDBJ from November 2022 to October 2024, as the director of Metro Technology since August 2023 
and as the director of Capital Metro since August 2023.
Mr. Cao obtained a bachelor’s degree in Commerce (Finance) at Curtin University in Australia in January 2014 and a 
master’s degree, majoring in Business Information Systems from School of Information Technology, Monash University 
in May 2016.
FANG Zhiwei (˙қਃ), Mr. Fang, aged 39, was appointed as a non-executive Director on 8 August 2024.
Since March 2008, Mr. Fang has worked at Metro Network, a subsidiary of BII. Between November 2010 and June 
2014, he was the supervisor of the operation planning office of Metro Network. Between June 2014 and February 
2018, he was the deputy director of the operation planning office of Metro Network. Between February 2018 and 
April 2020, Mr. Fang was the assistant to the general manager, head of operations coordination department and 
director of operation planning office of Metro Network. Since April 2020, Mr. Fang was the deputy general manager 
of Metro Network, and since September 2024, he has been general manager of Metro Network.
Mr. Fang obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering, majoring in transportation and a master’s degree in 
engineering, majoring in urban transportation engineering  from Beijing Jiaotong University ( ̏ԯʹஷɽኪ) in 2005 
and 2008 respectively.

--- Page 29 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202428
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (continued)
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
LUO Zhenbang (CPA) (Ԟ), Mr. Luo, aged 58, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 
13 November 2012. He is also the chairman of the Audit Committee and was appointed as the member of the ESG 
Committee on 29 November 2021.
Mr. Luo has over 32 years’ experience in accounting, auditing and financial management and is a Chinese Certified 
Public Accountant, Certified Tax Agent, Certified Public Valuer and Certified Accountant in securities and futures 
industry. Mr. Luo has extensive experience in the audit of listed companies in various sectors and provides business 
consultation services in corporate restructuring and strategic planning for initial public offerings and assets and debts 
restructuring. Mr. Luo had been the deputy general manager of Zhong Zhou Certified Public Accountants and Baker 
Tilly China Certified Public Accountants. He was an expert supervisor of China Cinda Asset Management Co., Ltd. 
and China Great Wall Asset Management Corporation. Mr. Luo had served as an independent director of several 
listed companies in the PRC, including Long March Vehicle Technology Company Limited (now known as China 
Aerospace Times Electronics Company Limited)  (stock code: 600879) and AVIC Heavy Machinery Company Limited 
(stock code: 600765), each a company listed  on the Shanghai  Stock Exchange; Ning Xia Orient  Tantalum Industry 
Company Limited (stock code: 000962), Wuz hong Instrument Company Limited (now known as Ningxia Yinxing 
Energy Company Limited) (stock code: 000862), Ningxia Zhongyin Cashmere Company Limited (stock code: 000982), 
Xinjiang Goldwind Science & Technology Co., Ltd.* (“ Goldwind Science & Technology ”) (stock code: 002202), 
Digital China Information Service Company Ltd. (stock code: 000555), each a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock 
Exchange. Mr. Luo had also served as an independent non-executive director of Goldwind Science & Technology 
(stock code: 2208) from June 2013 to June 2019, as an independent non-executive director of Glory Health Industry 
Limited (formerly known as Guorui Properties Limited) (s tock code: 2329) from July 2013 to June 2023, and as an 
independent non-executive director  of Cowell e Holdings Inc.  (stock code:  1415) from  January 2021 to July 2021, 
each a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Mr. Luo has been the independent non-executive 
director of China Aerospace International Holdings Limited (stock code: 31) since December 2004. Mr. Luo had 
also served as a member of the internal audit committee of Northeast Securities Co., Ltd., a company listed on 
the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code:  000686) from October 2002 to May 2018. Mr. Luo  is the director and 
managing partner of BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP.
Mr. Luo graduated from the School of Business of Lanzhou in 1991 majoring in enterprise management. From 
September 2005 to July 2007, Mr. Luo took a master’s degree course in management (technology and innovation) 
in Tsinghua University jointly organised by The Australian National University and Tsinghua University and obtained a 
master’s degree in management from The Australian National University in July 2007.

--- Page 30 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 29
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (continued)
HUANG Lixin ( රͭอ), Mr. Huang, aged 53, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 9 July 
2014. He is also a member of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. 
Mr. Huang possessed extensive experience in the legal practice and had participated in numerous issues of securities, 
initial public offerings, post-listing financing as well as merger and acquisition projects over the past more than 25 
years as a practising lawyer. Mr. Huang was an intern in the Department of Legal Affairs of the China Securities 
Regulatory Commission from November 1993 to February 1996. From August 1996 to July 2000, Mr. Huang was 
a PRC legal consultant at  Herbert Smith LLP. From July 2001 to May  2007, Mr. Huang was appointed as a trainee 
solicitor and later a solicitor at Herbert Smith LLP. Mr. Huang is now a partner of Beijing Haiwen & Partners which 
he joined in May 2007. Mr. Huang has  served as a member of the Banking  and Financial Law Committee and the 
Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macao and Overseas Chinese Law Committee of the Beijing Lawyers Association.
Mr. Huang graduated from the Law School of Renmin University of China with a bachelor’s degree in law in July 1993 
and obtained a master’s degree in law from the University of International Business and Economics in July 1996. Mr. 
Huang obtained the Postgraduate Certificate in Laws (PCLL) from the University of Hong Kong in June 2001. Mr. 
Huang was qualified as a lawyer in the PRC since October 1995 and was qualified to practice as a solicitor in Hong 
Kong in July 2003.
LI Wei ( ҽਃ), Mr. Li, aged 67, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director, chairman of the 
Remuneration Committee, member of the Audit Committee and member of the Nomination Committee on 11 April 
2022.
From February 1982 to August 1987, Mr. Li worked as an engineer in the design division of Beijing Instrument 
Factory* (߅ࠇFrom April 1990 to April 1996, Mr. Li served as the director of the Beijing Municipal 
Planning Commission Foreign Economics Office* (ึ̮຾ஈ). Mr. Li also served as the general 
manager of the investment division of Hong Kong Asia Co., Ltd.* (ʮ̡) and a part-time lawyer at 
Beijing Huatong Law Firm* (הfrom May 1996 to January 2002. Mr. Li was also a consultant 
of MTR Corporation Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0066), from 
February 2002 to December 2021, and he was also a part-time consultant of Beijing MTR Corporation Limited ( ̏ԯ
ʮ̡) from February 2006 to December 2021.
Mr. Li obtained a bachelor’s degree in precision mechanical engineering from Hefei University of Technology (ʈ
ุɽኪ) in January 1982 and a master’s degree in economics from the Beijing Institute of Economics* ( ̏ԯ຾᏶ኪ৫) 
(currently known as Capital University of Economics and Business (ɽኪ)) in March 1990. In May 1989, 
Mr. Li obtained his engineer qualification certificate and was approved by the Beijing Senior Professional and Technical 
Job Evaluation Committee* (ึ) in December 1994 to qualify as Senior Economist.
Mr. Li Wei resigned as an independent non-executive Director, chairman of the Remuneration Committee, member 
of the Audit Committee and member of the Nomination Committee with effect on 22 April 2025. For details, please 
refer to the announcement of the Company dated 22 April 2025.

--- Page 31 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202430
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (continued)
NG Wing Yan Claudia  (ࢸMs. Ng, aged 44, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director, 
chairman of the Remuneration Committee, member of the Audit Committee and member of the Nomination 
Committee on 22 April 2025.
Ms. Ng has around 20 years of dual working background in foreign and state-owned enterprises, with rich experience 
in corporate governance, strategic planning and operations, environmental, social and governance managements and 
human resources managements. Since 2022, Ms. Ng has been serving as the secretary to the board, co-president of 
Hong Kong office and a member of the sustainability committee of Shandong Hi-Speed New Energy Group Limited* (ʆ
ʮ̡), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1250.HK). Prior to her current role, Ms. 
Ng worked at Cisco Systems (China)  Networking Technology Co., Ltd.* (ʮ̡) for 14 
years, with her last position as the head of  strategy and operations for the service providers’ team. As disclosed in the 
application proof of Sigenergy Technology Co., Ltd.* (ʮ̡) (“Sigenergy”), Ms. Ng was 
appointed as an independent non-executive director of Sigenergy in February 2025, with effect from a later date.
Ms. Ng obtained a bachelor of laws from the University of Hong Kong in December 2003, a Postgraduate Certificate 
in Laws (PCLL) from the University of Hong Kong in June 2004, a master’s degree in law from Tsinghua University ( ૶
ശɽኪ) in China in July 2007 and a master’s degree in business administration in finance from the Chinese University 
of Hong Kong in November 2018.
SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY
XIAO Zheng (ּ)Mr. Xiao, aged 39, Vice President. Mr. Xiao joined the Group in March 2020 and was appointed 
as Vice president, mainly responsible for the management of intelligent passenger information services business, the 
Board operation, management of strategy and planning, investor relations and capital operation, etc. Mr. Xiao now 
serves as Deputy General Manager of BII-TDBJ, Director of Capital Metro, and chairman of Huaqi Intelligent.
Mr. Xiao was granted with a bachelor’s degree, majoring in Financial Management from the Central University of 
Finance and Economics. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Xiao had worked in KPMG as Assistant Manager and served 
as Analyst in the Research Department of China International Capital Corporation. He joined BII in 2015 and served 
as Senior Project Manager, Assistant to Department General Manager, Deputy General Manager of Capital Operation 
Department.

--- Page 32 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 31
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (continued)
SUN Qi (ೡ), Mr. Sun, aged 37, Vice President. He joined the Group in June 2021 and was appointed as Vice 
President mainly responsible for scientific research technology and scientific research project management, product 
research and development, technical support, informatisation management, etc.. Mr. Sun now serves as Deputy 
General Manager of BII-TDBJ, Chairman of BII-TTBJ, Director of Ruubypay and Huaqi Intelligent.
Mr. Sun was granted with a master’s degree of Computer Science and Technology from the Beihang University. 
Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Sun had worked in Metro Network as trainee, supervisor, vice director and director of 
ACC technical room, as vice director of ACC Department, as vice director and director of Big Data Center, as deputy 
leader of Customer Service Center Preparatory Group, director of Operational Data Department and Assistant General 
Manager.
HAN Baijie (؏)Mr. Han, aged 44, Vice President. He joined the  Group and was appointed as vice president 
of our Group in April 2025. He is mainly responsible for the financial management, operation management, project 
management, safe production management, procurement management, branding, etc.. Mr. Han now serves as vice 
general manager of BII-TDBJ, and directors of BII-TTBJ and BII-TSBJ.
Mr. Han was granted with a master’s Degree in Software  Engineering from Beihang University. Prior to joining the 
Group, Mr. Han was also qualified as a Senior Accountant. Mr. Han served as the Head of the Accounting Section of 
the Finance and Planning Department at Beiqi Foton Motor Co., Ltd., Deputy Manager of the Planning and Finance 
Department at Hebei Ouli Heavy Industry Co., Ltd., Chief Financial Officer at Tianjin Leovo Power Co., Ltd., Vice 
President at Beijing Zhongtian Runbo Water Affairs Co., Ltd., Assistant General Manager of the Finance Management 
Department at BII, Chief Financial Officer at Beijing Subway Rolling Stock Equipment Co., Ltd., and General Manager 
of the Finance Management Department at Beijing Rail Transit Technology Equipment Group Co., Ltd..

--- Page 33 ---
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202432
The Directors are pleased to present their report for FY2024:
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. Details of the principal activities and other particulars of 
material subsidiaries are set out in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements. None of the subsidiaries of the 
Company has issued debt securities.
As far as the Company is aware, during FY2024, it has complied in material respects with the relevant laws and 
regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Company.
RESULTS
The Group’s profit for FY2024 and the state of affairs of the Group and of the Company as at that date are set out 
in the consolidated financial statements on pages 72 to 160. The Company is not aware of any arrangement under 
which a Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividends.
FINAL DIVIDEND
In view of the business growth of the Group and in response to the long term support of the Shareholders, the Board 
recommended the declaration of a final dividend of HK$0.024 per share for FY2024 (FY2023: HK$0.025 per share). 
The proposed final dividend will be payable to Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the 
Company on Friday, 27 June 2025, subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company at the 2025 AGM. It is 
expected that the final dividend will be paid on or before Friday, 19 September 2025.
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The 2025 AGM will be held on Thursday, 19 June 2025. Shareholders should refer to details regarding the 2025 
AGM in the circular to be despatched by the Company and the notice of meeting and form of proxy accompanying 
therewith.
CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the 2025 AGM to be held on Thursday, 19 June 2025, the 
register of members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 16 June 2025 to Thursday, 19 June 2025 (both 
days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. In order to be eligible 
to attend and vote at the 2025 AGM, unregistered holders of shares of the Company shall ensure that all transfer 
documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar 
in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for 
registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 13 June 2025 (Hong Kong time).
For determining the entitlement to the proposed final dividend (subject to the approval by the Shareholders at the 
2025 AGM), the register of members of the Company will be closed from Wednesday, 25 June 2025 to Friday, 27 
June 2025 (both days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. In order 
to qualify for the proposed final dividend, unregistered holders of shares of the Company shall ensure that all transfer 
documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar 
in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for 
registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 24 June 2025 (Hong Kong time).

--- Page 34 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 33
Directors’ Report (continued)
BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review of the Company for FY2024 is set out in the sections headed “Chairman’s Statement” and 
“Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report which form part of the Directors’ Report. Details of 
credit, liquidity, interest rate and foreign exchange risks in the course of business are set out in Note 30 to the financial 
statements. The details of the Group’s environmental, social and governance practices as well as the relationship and 
discussion with employees, customers, suppliers and other stakeholders are listed in the “2024 Environmental, Social 
and Governance Report” separately issued by the Group.
SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in the Company’s share capital are set out in Note 27 to the consolidated financial 
statements.
RESERVES
Details of the movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group for FY2024 are set out in Note 27 to the 
consolidated financial statements and the consolidated statement of changes in equity respectively.
DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
In accordance with the Companies Act, Chapter 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman 
Islands, the share premium account is distributable to the Shareholders provided that immediately following the date 
on which the dividend is proposed to be distributed, the Company will be able to pay its debts as they fall due in the 
ordinary course of business. As at 31 December 2024, the Company’s reserves available for distribution amounted to 
approximately HK$1,557.4 million (31 December 2023: HK$1,607.7 million). Such amount includes the Company’s 
share premium.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of the movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group for FY2024 are set out in Note 11 to the 
consolidated financial statements.
PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s articles of association (the “Articles”) or the laws of 
the Cayman Islands, being the jurisdiction in which the Company was incorporated, which would oblige the Company 
to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.
FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years as extracted from 
the audited consolidated financial statements is set out on page 6 in this annual report. This summary does not form 
part of the audited financial statements in this annual report.

--- Page 35 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202434
Directors’ Report (continued)
MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For FY2024, the purchases and sales percentage from the major customers and suppliers of the Group are set out 
below:
Percentage of 
total purchases
(1) Purchases
– the largest supplier 4.44%
– the five largest suppliers combined 16.12%
Percentage of 
total sales
(2) Sales
– the largest customer 10.66%
– the five largest customers combined 36.70%
Save as disclosed under the sections headed “Connected transactions” and “Continuing connected transactions” 
in this Directors’ Report, as far as the Directors are aware, none of the Directors or any of their close associates, or 
any Shareholders (which, to the knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued shares 
(excluding treasury shares, if any)) had any beneficial interest in the Group’s five largest customers and suppliers for 
FY2024.
DIRECTORS
The Directors in office at the date of 31 December 2024 were:
Executive Directors
Mr. Liu Yu (Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. Zhao Jingyuan
Non-executive Directors
Mr. Ren Yuhang (Chairman)
Ms. Sun Fang
Mr. Cao Mingda
Mr. Fang Zhiwei
Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Luo Zhenbang (CPA)
Mr. Huang Lixin
Mr. Li Wei
According to Article 16.18 of the Articles, Mr. Liu Yu and Ms. Sun Fang will retire as Directors by rotation at the 
2025 AGM. Pursuant to Article 16.2 of the Company’s Articles of Association, Ms. Zhao Jingyuan (appointed as an 
executive Director on 8 August 2024), Mr. Ren Yuhang (appointed as a non-executive Director on 21 November 
2024), Mr. Fang Zhiwei (appointed as a non-executive Director on 8 August 2024), and Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia 
(appointed as an Independent non-executive Director on 22 April 2025 in replacement of Mr. Li Wei) shall hold office 
until 2025 AGM. All of the retiring Directors, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election as Directors at the 
2025 AGM.

--- Page 36 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 35
Directors’ Report (continued)
INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Company has received annual written confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in 
respect of their independence during FY2024 and all independent non-executive Directors are considered to be 
independent.
DIRECTORS’ BIOGRAPHIES
Biographical details of the Directors are set out on pages 25 to 31 of this annual report.
DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
None of the Directors who was proposed for re-election at the 2025 AGM has a service contract with the Company 
which is not determinable within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.
EMOLUMENTS OF DIRECTORS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
Details of the emoluments of the Directors and the five highest paid individuals of the Group for FY2024 are set out 
in Notes 8 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements.
MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
As at 31 December 2024, other than a contract of service with a Director or any person engaged in the full-time 
employment of the Company, the Company did not enter into or have any management and administration contracts 
in respect of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company.
EMOLUMENT POLICY
The emoluments of the Directors are decided by the remuneration committee of the Company, having regard to the 
Company’s operating results, market competitiveness, individual performance, dedication and achievement.
RELATIONSHIP WITH EMPLOYEES
Employees are the Group’s most valuable assets. The Group actively improves the human resources system and 
corporate culture construction, protects the rights and interests of employees, pays attention to the reasonable 
demands of employees, builds a comprehensive salary system, provides high-quality training and career development 
opportunities, and organises various activities for employees. The Group has established good relationship with its 
employees throughout the year.
REMUNERATION OF SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The remuneration payable to the senior management of the Company for FY2024 falls within the following bands:
Remuneration (HK$)
Number of 
individuals
1,000,001-2,000,000 6

--- Page 37 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202436
Directors’ Report (continued)
DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN CONTRACTS
Saved as disclosed under the section headed “Continuing connected transactions” below and disclosed in Note 30 
to the consolidated financial statements under the heading “Material related party transactions”, (i) no transaction, 
arrangement, or contract of significance to which the Company, or any of its holding company or subsidiaries was a 
party, and in which a Director or an entity connected with such Director had a material interest, whether directly or 
indirectly, subsisted at 31 December 2024 or at any time during FY2024; (ii) no transaction, arrangement, or contract 
of significance had been entered into between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and the controlling shareholder 
(as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; and (iii) no transaction, arrangement, or 
contract of significance for the provision of services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries by the controlling 
shareholder of the Company or any of its subsidiaries was entered into.
DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, 
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED 
CORPORATIONS
As at 31 December 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of the Company 
in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning 
of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Cap 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong (the “ SFO”)) which were 
required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the 
SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the 
SFO); or (b) to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) 
as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions 
by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules were as follows:
Long positions in shares and underlying shares
Name of Director
The Company/ 
Name of 
associated 
corporation Capacity
Number of
shares
Approximate 
percentage of 
issued share 
capital of 
the Company/ 
associated 
corporation
Mr. Cao MingdaNote The Company Founder of a discretionary trust 
who can influence how the 
trustees exercises its discretion
244,657,815 11.66%
Note: Mr. Cao Mingda is the founder of a discretionary trust and is interested in 244,657,815 shares of the Company through 
Trident Trust Company (Cayman) Limited, the trustee of the trust, through its controlled company, More Legend.
Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, so far as was known to the Directors or the chief executive of 
the Company, none of the Directors or the chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in 
the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations which were required 
(a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO 
(including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); 
or (b) pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company; or (c) 
pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.

--- Page 38 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 37
Directors’ Report (continued)
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND 
UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As at 31 December 2024, so far as was known to the Directors or the chief executive of the Company, the persons 
(other than the Directors and the chief executive of the Company) who had interests and/or short positions in the 
shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 
and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of 
the SFO were as follows:
Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company
Name of 
substantial shareholder Capacity
Number of 
shares
Approximate 
percentage of 
issued share 
capital of 
the Company
BII HK Beneficial owner (Note 1) 1,157,634,900 55.20%
BII Interest of controlled 
corporation (Note 1)
1,157,634,900 55.20%
More Legend Beneficial owner (Note 2) 244,657,815 11.66%
Toplight Management Limited Interest of controlled 
corporation (Note 2)
244,657,815 11.66%
Trident Trust Company (Cayman) Limited Trustee (Note 2) 244,657,815 11.66%
Ms. Pang Ziqian (“Ms. Pang”) Interest of spouse (Note 3) 244,657,815 11.66%
Notes:
1. BII HK is a wholly-owned subsidiary of BII, a company established under PRC law with limited liability and wholly owned by t he 
State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of People’s Government of Beijing Municipality. By virtue of 
the SFO, BII is deemed to be interested in the 1,157,634,900 shares of the Company owned by BII HK.
2. More Legend is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Toplight Management Limited and Trident Trust Company (Cayman) Limited is 
interested in all the shares in Toplight Management Limited as trustee of the trust. By virtue of the SFO, Toplight Management 
Limited and Trident Trust Company (Cayman) Limited are deemed to be interested in 244,657,815 shares of the Company 
owned by More Legend.
3. Ms. Pang is the spouse of Mr. Cao Mingda and by virtue of the SFO, is deemed to be interested in the 244,657,815 shares of 
the Company which Mr. Cao Mingda is interested in.
Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, the Directors have not been notified by any person (other than 
the Directors or the chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying 
shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of 
the SFO, or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.

--- Page 39 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202438
Directors’ Report (continued)
MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has devised its own code of conduct for securities transactions regarding Directors’ and employees’ 
dealings in the Company’s securities (the “ Securities Dealing Code ”) on terms no less exacting than the standard 
set out in the Model Code.
Specific enquiry has been made with all the Directors and employees to whom the Securities Dealing Code applies. 
The Directors have confirmed that they have complied with the Securities Dealing Code and Model Code throughout 
FY2024. No incident of non-compliance with the Securities Dealing Code by the employees was noted by the 
Company.
PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
During FY2024, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s 
listed securities (including sale of treasury shares, if any). During the Period, the Company and its subsidiaries did not 
hold any treasury shares.
SHARE SCHEME
During the Period, the Company did not implement any share scheme, nor did it have any existing share scheme in 
place.
DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed under the paragraph headed “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s interests and short positions in 
shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations”, at no time during FY2024 
were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company granted to 
any Director or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, or were any such rights exercised by them; 
or was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors or their respective 
spouse or minor children to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.
COMPETITION AND CONFLICT OF INTERESTS
None of the Directors or substantial Shareholders or any of their respective associates has engaged in any business 
that competes or may compete with the businesses of the Group or has any conflict of interests with the Group.
CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Particulars of the non-exempt connected transaction is set out below:
Leasing of Property
Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 28 March 2024. On 28 March 2024 (after trading 
hours), BII-TTBJ (as tenant), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and Traffic Control Silicon Valley 
(as landlord) entered into a tenancy agreement (the “ Tenancy Agreement”) in relation to the leasing of a property 
by BII-TTBJ from Traffic Control Silicon Valley. for a term of 39 months, from 1 June 2024 to 31 August 2027. The 
total (i) rent payable pursuant to such leasing tenancy agreement is approximately RMB10.3 million (equivalent 
to approximately HK$11.2 million); and (ii) property service fees (inclusive of tax) payable for the entire term is 
approximately RMB3.7 million (equivalent to approximately HK$4.1 million). The Directors are of the view that the 
2024 Tenancy Agreement represents an opportunity for the Group to expand its operations in Beijing at a prime 
business location without substantial costs. For further details relating to the consideration payable under such 
tenancy agreement, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 28 March 2024.

--- Page 40 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 39
Directors’ Report (continued)
As at the date of the Tenancy Agreement, BII HK held 1,157,634,900 Shares, representing approximately 55.20% 
of the existing issued share capital of the Company. BII HK is a substantial shareholder of the Company and hence 
a connected person of the Company. BII is the sole beneficial shareholder of BII HK and hence it is also a connected 
person of the Company. BII directly holds the entire equity interests in Traffic Control Silicon Valley. Therefore, Traffic 
Control Silicon Valley is an associate of BII, and Traffic Control Silicon Valley is therefore a connected person of the 
Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transaction contemplated under the Tenancy 
Agreement constituted a connected transaction for the Company under the Listing Rules. For details, please refer to 
the announcement of the Company dated 28 March 2024.
Factoring Agreement
Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 2 April 2024. On 1 April 2024, BII Xin An (as seller), 
an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and Cornerstone (Tianjin) International Commercial 
Factoring Co., Ltd.* (ʮ̡ ) (“Cornerstone Factoring”) (as factoring provider) 
entered into a factoring agreement (the “ Factoring Agreement ”) pursuant to which Cornerstone Factoring has 
agreed to provide factoring services to BII Xin An with a factoring principal amount of RMB7,500,000 (equivalent 
to approximately HK$8,175,000) in return for the transfer of accounts receivables of RMB9,160,764.78 (equivalent 
to approximately HK$9,985,233.61) due from the debtors of BII Xin An created in the ordinary and usual course of 
business of BII Xin An with its business partners from BII Xin An to Cornerstone Factoring. The Directors are of the 
view that by entering into the Factoring Agreement, the Group expects to benefit from diversification of financing 
channels. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 2 April 2024.
As at the date of Factoring Agreement, BII HK held 1,157,634,900 Shares, representing approximately 55.20% of 
the existing issued share capital of the Company. BII HK is a substantial shareholder of the Company and hence a 
connected person of the Company. BII is the sole beneficial shareholder of BII HK and hence it is also a connected 
person of the Company. BII indirectly owns the entire issued equity capital in Cornerstone Factoring, and Cornerstone 
Factoring is therefore a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the 
transaction contemplated under the Factoring Agreement constitutes a connected transaction for the Company under 
the Listing Rules.
Loan Agreement
Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 14 October 2024 and the circular of the Company 
dated 21 November 2024. On 14 October 2024, the Company (as borrower) entered into a loan agreement (the “Loan 
Agreement”) with BII HK (as lender) pursuant to which BII HK agreed to provide the Loan of HK$255 million to the 
Company for a term commencing from the drawdown date of the loan (the “ Drawdown Date”) and expiring three 
years after the Drawdown Date. Pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the Company and BII HK will enter into a share 
charge agreement (the “ Share Charge Agreement ”) within 30 business days from the Drawdown Date. Pursuant 
to the Share Charge Agreement, the loan shall be secured by the charge of the Company’s rights and interests in 
30% of the issued share capital of Great Legend provided by the Company in favour of BII HK. The interest rate 
shall be calculated every month, and shall not exceed 6.5%. The interest rate shall be calculated with reference to: 
1 month HIBOR (Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate) + 70 basis points (bps). For further details, please refer to the 
announcement of the Company dated 14 October 2024 and the circular of the Company dated 21 November 2024.
As at the date of Loan Agreement, BII HK held 1,157,634,900 Shares, representing approximately 55.20% of 
the existing issued share capital of the Company. BII HK is a substantial shareholder of the Company and hence a 
connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the transaction contemplated under the Loan Agreement and the 
Share Charge Agreement constitutes a connected transaction for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing 
Rules.

--- Page 41 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202440
Directors’ Report (continued)
CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Particulars of the non-exempt continuing connected transactions are set out below:
New framework service agreement entered into between the Company and BII
Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 17 December 2021 and the circular of the Company 
dated 11 February 2022. The Company and BII entered into the New BII Framework Service Agreement (“ New BII 
Framework Service Agreement”) on 17 December 2021 for a period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024 
(both days inclusive). As the term of the New BII Framework Services Agreement were to expire, the Company and 
BII entered into the 2024 BII Services Framework Agreement (“ 2024 BII Services Framework Agreement ”) on 23 
October 2024. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 23 October 2024 and the circular of the 
Company dated 10 December 2024 for details.
As at 17 December 2021, BII held approximately 55.20% of the shares of the Company through its wholly-owned 
subsidiary (i.e. BII HK), and therefore, BII is the ultimate holding company and a connected person of the Company 
under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the New BII Framework Service Agreement 
constituted continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
Pursuant to the New BII Framework Service Agreement, during the term of which, provided that (i) a member of 
the Group is awarded with the relevant contract in accordance with the stipulated procedures under the relevant 
PRC laws and regulations (if required); and (ii) the parties thereto negotiate on an arm’s length basis regarding 
the commercial terms to be set out in the individual agreements for services, the Group agrees to provide BII, its 
subsidiaries and/or its associates during the term of the New BII Framework Service Agreement with: Consulting and 
technical support services, IT support services, technical services, technological development, software development, 
software procurement, hardware design and development, hardware procurement, system integration, system 
procurement, operation and maintenance, construction of projects and other types of ancillary services agreed by the 
parties in writing from time to time.
Pursuant to the New BII Framework Service Agreement, the Group would enter into individual agreements for 
the provision of services with BII, its subsidiaries and/or its associates. Pursuant to the New BII Framework Service 
Agreement, the terms of the individual agreements to be entered into (including service fees) would be negotiated on 
an arm’s length basis between the parties and would be determined by the parties from time to time in the ordinary 
course of business on normal commercial terms. The prices of the transactions contemplated under the New BII 
Framework Service Agreement would be determined by government-prescribed price or government-guided price or 
tender process, or market price or agreed price (as the case may be), depending on the method set out in the circular 
of the Company dated 11 February 2022. Details of the New BII Framework Service Agreement and the relevant 
continuing connected transactions were set out in the announcement and the circular of the Company dated 17 
December 2021 and 11 February 2022, respectively.
As (i) BII is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company; and (ii) BII, its subsidiaries and/or its associates have 
a long-standing business relationship with the Group, the Directors are of the view that BII, its subsidiaries and/or its 
associates are reliable business partners and that further business cooperation is beneficial to the Group and provides 
a stable source of income for the Group.
For FY2024, the total transaction amount carried out under the New BII Framework Service Agreement amounted to 
approximately RMB371.7 million (equivalent to approximately HK$407.5 million).

--- Page 42 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 41
Directors’ Report (continued)
Framework service agreement entered into between the Company and Information 
Development
Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 17 December 2021 and the circular of the Company 
dated 11 February 2022. The Company and Information Development entered into the Information Development 
Framework Service Agreement (“ Information Development Framework Service Agreement ”) on 17 December 
2021 for a period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024 (both days inclusive).
Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 17 December 2021, as at 19 June 2019, 
approximately 51.61% of the existing share capital of Information Development was owned by Beikong Telecom, 
which was ultimately and beneficially owned by Mr. Cao Wei ( ૎⒜) (“Mr. Cao ”), an executive Director and vice 
chairman of the Company at the relevant time. Accordingly, Information Development was an associate of Mr. Cao 
and therefore was a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules at the relevant time. 
Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the Information Development Framework Service Agreement 
constituted continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules at the relevant 
time. As at the date of this annual report, Mr. Cao is no longer a director of the Company.
Pursuant to the Information Development Framework Service Agreement, during the term of which, provided that 
(i) a member of Information Development is awarded with the relevant contract in accordance with the stipulated 
procedures under the relevant PRC laws and regulations (if required); and (ii) the parties thereto negotiate on an 
arm’s length basis regarding the commercial terms to be set out in the individual agreements for services, Information 
Development, its subsidiaries and/or its associates agree to provide the Group during the term of the Information 
Development Framework Service Agreement with: Maintenance, fault repair, expansion and upgrade services of the 
systems, equipment and facilities in relation to civil communications, and other types of auxiliary services agreed by 
the parties in writing from time to time.
Pursuant to the Information Development Framework Service Agreement, the Group would enter into individual 
agreements for the provision of services with Information Development, its subsidiaries and/or its associates. Pursuant 
to the Information Development Framework Service Agreement, the terms of the individual agreements to be 
entered into (including service fees) would be negotiated on an arm’s length basis among the parties and would be 
determined by the parties from time to time in the ordinary course of business on normal commercial terms. The 
prices of the transactions contemplated under the Information Development Framework Service Agreement would 
be determined by government-prescribed price, or government-guided price, or tender process, or the market price, 
or the agreed price (as the case may be), depending on the method set out in the circular of the Company dated 11 
February 2022. Details of the Information Development Framework Service Agreement and the relevant continuing 
connected transactions were set out in the announcement and the circular of the Company dated 17 December 2021 
and 11 February 2022, respectively.
As Information Development, its subsidiaries and/or its associates have a long-standing business relationship with the 
Group, the Directors are of the view that Information Development, its subsidiaries and/or its associates are reliable 
business partners and that further business cooperation is beneficial to the steady development of the Group.
For FY2024, the total transaction amount carried out under the Information Development Framework Service 
Agreement amounted to approximately RMB43.7 million (equivalent to approximately HK$47.9 million).

--- Page 43 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202442
Directors’ Report (continued)
Cooperation agreement regarding civil communication business
Reference is made to the announcement (the “ Cooperation Agreement Announcement”) of the Company dated 
19 December 2024. BII Zhuoyue and BII entered into the Cooperation Agreement (“ Cooperation Agreement ”) 
on 19 December 2024 for a term of three years starting from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2026 (subject to the 
fulfilment of the conditions precedent of the Cooperation Agreement). As at the date of this annual report, the 
conditions precedent of the Cooperation Agreement has not been fulfilled.
As at 19 December 2024, BII held approximately 55.20% of the shares of the Company through its wholly-owned 
subsidiary (i.e. BII HK), and therefore, BII is the ultimate holding company and a connected person of the Company 
under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the Cooperation Agreement constituted 
continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, BII is responsible for providing the relevant engine room space and utilities 
support (such as provision of power supply, air-conditioning and chutes) (the “ Resources”) for the operation and 
development of BII Zhuoyue’s civil communication transmission systems of the underground stations in the subway 
lines of the Beijing Subway, which includes the 255 underground stations in operation as at 31 December 2023 and 
the underground stations pending to be in operation during the term of the Cooperation Agreement.
Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, the fees payable by BII Zhuoyue for the use of the Resources under the 
Cooperation Agreement regarding (i) the 255 underground stations in operation; (ii) the 46 underground stations, 
where further revenue contracts are expected to be entered into; and (iii) the underground stations pending to be in 
operation as mentioned above, shall be determined between the parties after arm’s length negotiation, taking into 
account BII Zhuoyue’s revenue from its civil communication business during the term of the Cooperation Agreement, 
the amount invested by BII regarding the Resources and the amount invested by BII Zhuoyue regarding the civil 
communication transmission systems. For further details, please refer to the Cooperation Agreement Announcement.
For FY2024, subject to the Cooperation Agreement becoming effective, the total transaction amount carried out 
under the Cooperation Agreement amounted to approximately RMB35.8 million (equivalent to approximately 
HK$39.2 million).
Tenancy agreements in relation to leasing of properties entered into with BII Technical for 
the year ended 31 December 2024
On 17 March 2023, BII Technical (as landlord) entered into a tenancy agreement (“ BII Technical Tenancy 
Agreement”) with Huaqi Intelligent (as tenant), whereby Huaqi Intelligent leased certain properties from BII Technical 
for a term of one year from 30 April 2023 to 29 April 2024.
The annual cap in respect of the transaction contemplated under the BII Technical Tenancy Agreement for the year 
ended 31 December 2024 is RMB51,744 (equivalent to approximately HK$56,400.96), which was calculated with 
reference to the aggregate rent payable by Huaqi Intelligent to BII Technical pursuant to the BII Technical Tenancy 
Agreement. The terms of the BII Technical Tenancy Agreement (together with the consideration) were determined 
after arm’s length negotiations between the parties and after making reference to the prevailing market rates. The 
Directors are of the view that the transactions contemplated under the BII Technical Tenancy Agreement would create 
a convenient environment to facilitate better cooperation and technology exchange between the Group and BII 
Technical; and increase the business opportunities of the Group. Details of the transactions contemplated under each 
of the BII Technical Tenancy Agreement is set out in the announcement of the Company dated 9 October 2023.
As at the date of the BII Technical Tenancy Agreement, BII HK held 1,157,634,900 Shares, representing approximately 
55.20% of the existing issued share capital of the Company. BII HK is a substantial shareholder of the Company 
and hence a connected person of the Company. BII is the sole beneficial shareholder of BII HK and hence it is also a 
connected person of the Company. BII directly holds the entire equity interests in BII Technical. Therefore, BII Technical 
is an associate of BII, and BII Technical is therefore a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the 
Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the BII Technical Tenancy Agreements constituted 
continuing connected transactions for the Company under the Listing Rules.
The total amount of the transactions under the BII Technical Tenancy Agreement in FY2024 was approximately 
RMB48,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$53,000).

--- Page 44 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 43
Directors’ Report (continued)
The Company confirms that the Group has followed the relevant pricing policies as set out in the abovementioned 
agreements when determining the price and terms of the continuing connected transactions conducted during the 
Period.
The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance 
with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagement 3000 (Revised), Assurance Engagements other than Audits or 
Reviews of Historical Financial Information and with reference to Practice Note 740, Auditor’s Letter on Continuing 
Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules , issued by Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants. The auditor has issued their unqualified letter containing the auditor’s findings and conclusions in 
respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group in accordance with the Listing Rules 14A.56.
The independent non-executive Directors have confirmed that the continuing connected transactions are in 
accordance with Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules. Specifically, the independent non-executive Directors confirmed 
that the continuing connected transactions entered into by the Group were in the ordinary and usual course of its 
business, on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favourable than those available to or from independent 
third parties, and in accordance with the terms of the agreement governing such transactions that are fair and 
reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.
The Board confirms that the Company has complied with the applicable disclosure requirements in accordance with 
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of each of the connected transactions set out above.
Details of material related party transactions entered into by the Group are set out in Note 31 to the consolidated 
financial statements. Except for those described under the paragraphs headed “Connected transactions” and 
“Continuing connected transactions” above, in respect of which the disclosure requirements in accordance with 
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules have been complied with, none of those related party transactions constitutes a 
discloseable connected transaction as defined under the Listing Rules.
EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
On 27 March 2025, the Group disposed 49% of the equity interests in Metro Technology, a joint venture of the 
Company, at the final transaction price of RMB68,332,215. Upon completion of the disposal, the Company and its 
subsidiaries will no longer hold any equity interest in Metro Technology. Please refer to the announcements of the 
Company dated 13 February 2025 and 27 March 2025 for details. Save as disclosed, there is no other material events 
after the reporting period as at the date of this report.
SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, during 
FY2024 and until the date of this annual report, there is sufficient public float of more than 25% of the Company’s 
issued shares as required under the Listing Rules.
TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of 
the Company’s listed securities.
DONATIONS
During FY2024, the donation of the Group was approximately HK$42,100 (FY2023: HK$425,800).
EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
No equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Company, or existed during FY2024.
DIRECTORS’ PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
Under the Articles, every Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the 
assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained by him as a Director or other officer of 
the Company in defending any proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in which judgment is given in his favour, or in 
which he is acquitted.
The Company has arranged appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance coverage for the Directors and 
officers of the Group.

--- Page 45 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202444
Directors’ Report (continued)
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE
The Group recognises its responsibility to protect the environment when conducting its business activities. The Group 
continually seeks to identify and manage environmental impacts attributable to its operational activities in order to 
minimise these impacts if possible. Details of the Group’s environmental, social and governance practices are set out 
in the “2024 ESG Reporting” separately published by the Group.
CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION 
Changes in directors’ information which is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rules 13.51(2) and 13.51B of the 
Listing Rules are set out below: 
1. Ms. Zhao Jingyuan, executive Director, was appointed as an executive Director with effect from 8 August 2024;
2. Ms. Hou Weiwei, former non-executive Director, resigned as a non-executive Director with effect from 8 August 
2024, in order to devote more time on her other commitments;
3. Mr. Fang Zhiwei, non-executive Director, was appointed as a non-executive Director with effect from 8 August 
2024;
4. Mr. Guan Jifa, former non-executive Director, resigned as a non-executive Director and ceased to be the 
chairman of the Board, the chairman of the Nomination Committee, the chairman of the ESG Committee and a 
member of the Remuneration Committee with effect from 21 November 2024, in order to devote more time on 
his other commitments;
5. Mr. Ren Yuhang, non-executive Director, has been appointed as a non-executive Director, and has been 
appointed as the chairman of the Board, the chairman of the Nomination Committee, the chairman of the ESG 
Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee with effect from 21 November 2024;
6. Mr. Cao Mingda, non-executive Director, resigned as chairman of the board of BII-TDBJ with effect from 8 
October 2024;
7. Mr. Li Wei, former independent non-executive Director, resigned as an independent non-executive Director and 
ceased to be the chairman of the Remuneration Committee, and a member of each of the Audit Committee 
and the Nomination Committee with effect from 22 April 2025, in order to devote more time on his other 
commitments; and
8. Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia, independent non-executive Director, has been appointed as an independent 
non-executive Director, the chairman of the Remuneration Committee, and a member of each of the Audit 
Committee and the Nomination Committee with effect from 22 April 2025.
AUDITORS
Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited (“ Baker Tilly ”) was appointed as the auditors of the Company following the 
retirement of KPMG at the conclusion of the 2023 annual general meeting of the Company. Save for the appointment 
of Baker Tilly, there was no change in auditors of the Company for the preceding three years.
The consolidated financial statements for FY2024 were audited by Baker Tilly and they have issued an unqualified 
opinion. Baker Tilly shall retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment at the 2025 AGM. A resolution 
to re-appoint Baker Tilly as auditors of the Company and to authorise the Directors to fix the auditors’ remuneration 
will be proposed at the 2025 AGM.
By Order of the Board
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited
Liu Yu
Executive Director
Chief Executive Officer
Hong Kong, 27 March 2025

--- Page 46 ---
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 45
The Board is pleased to present the Corporate Governance Report for FY2024.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Board believes that maintaining high standard of corporate governance practices is crucial to safeguarding 
shareholders’ and stakeholders’ interests, formulating business strategies and policies as well as enhancing corporate 
value, transparency and accountability.
The Company has in place a corporate governance framework and has established a set of policies and procedures 
based on the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules (the “ CG Code ”). Such 
policies and procedures provide the infrastructure for enhancing the Board’s ability to implement governance and 
exercise proper oversight on business conduct and affairs of the Company.
The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions of the CG Code as the basis of the Company’s 
corporate governance practices and has devised its own code of corporate governance based on the major principles 
and practices as set out in the CG Code. For FY2024, the Company was in compliance with the CG Code.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Company is headed by an effective Board which makes strategic decisions and supervises the achievement of the 
Group’s business and performance. The Directors take decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company.
The Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of 
the Company’s business and regularly reviews the contribution required from a Director to perform his or her 
responsibilities to the Company and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them that are 
commensurate with their role and the Board’s responsibilities. The Board includes a balanced composition of executive 
Directors and non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there is a strong 
independent element on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgement.
Board Composition
On 31 December 2024, the Board had nine Directors, comprising two executive Directors, four non-executive 
Directors and three independent non-executive Directors. Details of the Board composition are set out below:
Executive Directors
Mr. Liu Yu (Chief Executive Officer and member of the ESG Committee)
Ms. Zhao Jingyuan
Non-executive Directors
Mr. Ren Yuhang (Chairman, chairman of the Nomination Committee, chairman of the ESG Committee 
and member of the Remuneration Committee)
Ms. Sun Fang
Mr. Cao Mingda
Mr. Fang Zhiwei
Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Luo Zhenbang  (Chairman of the Audit Committee and member of the ESG Committee)
Mr. Huang Lixin  (Member of the Audit Committee, member of the Remuneration Committee and 
member of the Nomination Committee)
Mr. Li Wei
Note (Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and member of the Audit Committee and 
member of the Nomination Committee)
Note: Subsequent to the Period, Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia was appointed as an independent non-executive Director with effect 
from 22 April 2025 in replacement of Mr. Li Wei. Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia was also appointed as the chairman of the 
Remuneration Committee and member of the Audit Committee and member of the Nomination Committee.

--- Page 47 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202446
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
The list of Directors (by category) is also disclosed in all corporate communications issued by the Company pursuant to 
the Listing Rules.
Ms. Zhao Jingyuan was appointed as an executive director with effect from 8 August 2024. Mr. Ren Yuhang was 
appointed as a non-executive director with effect from 21 November 2024. Mr. Fang Zhiwei was appointed as a non-
executive director with effect from 8 August 2024. In compliance with Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules, Ms. Zhao 
Jingyuan and Mr. Fang Zhiwei have each obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on 6 
August 2024, and Mr. Ren Yuhang has obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on 12 
November 2024. They have each confirmed that they understood their respective obligations as a Director of a listed 
issuer.
Subsequent to the Period, Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia was appointed as an independent non-executive Director with 
effect from 22 April 2025. In compliance with Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules, Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia has also 
obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on 15 April 2025 and has confirmed that she 
understood her obligations as a Director of a listed issuer.
The biographical information of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographical details of Directors and 
senior management” on pages 25 to 31 of this annual report. None of the members of the Board is related to one 
another.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The roles of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are segregated and held by Mr. Ren Yuhang and Mr. Liu 
Yu, respectively, to ensure their respective independence, accountability and responsibility. The Chairman provides 
leadership and is responsible for the Group’s strategic planning and the management of the operations of the Board, 
while the Chief Executive Officer is responsible for carrying out the policies of the Board, takes the lead in the Group’s 
operations and business development, and focuses on the daily management and operations generally. There is a 
clear division of responsibilities between the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer which provides a balance of power 
and authority.
Independent non-executive Directors
The Board consists of at least three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board with 
at least one independent non-executive Director possessing appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or 
related financial management expertise at all times during FY2024.
The Company has received written annual confirmation from each independent non-executive Director in respect 
of his independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The 
Company considers that all independent non-executive Directors are independent.
Appointment and re-election of Directors
Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service agreement with the Company for a term of three years 
which can be terminated by either party by giving to the other not less than one month’s prior written notice. Each of 
the non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) has entered into a letter of appointment 
with the Company for a fixed term of three years which can be terminated by the Company by not less than three 
months’ prior written notice.
According to Article 16.2 of the Articles, the Board shall have power from time to time and at any time to appoint any 
person as a Director either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board. Any Director so appointed shall hold 
office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election 
at that meeting.

--- Page 48 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 47
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
According to Article 16.3 of the Articles, the Company may from time to time increase or reduce the number of 
Directors in general meeting by ordinary resolution but so that the number of Directors shall not be less than two. 
Subject to the provisions of these Articles and the Companies Act Cap. 22 of the Cayman Islands, the Company may 
by ordinary resolution elect any person to be a Director either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the existing 
Directors. Any Director so appointed shall hold office only until the next following annual general meeting of the 
Company and shall then be eligible for re-election thereat.
According to Article 16.18 of the Articles, at every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the Directors 
for the time being, or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than 
one-third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific 
term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Any Director appointed pursuant to 
Article 16.2 or 16.3 of the Articles shall not be taken into account in determining which Directors are to retire by 
rotation. A retiring Director shall retain office until the close of the meeting at which he retires and shall be eligible for 
re-election thereat.
RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITIES AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE BOARD AND 
MANAGEMENT
The Board has overall responsibility for the leadership and control of the Group, including the responsibilities for the 
formulation of long-term strategies, and appointing and supervising senior management to ensure that the operation 
of the Company is conducted in accordance with the objective of the Group; and is collectively responsible for 
directing and supervising the Group’s affairs.
The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance, 
and ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.
The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal control 
and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial 
information, appointment of directors and other significant operational matters of the Group. Responsibilities relating 
to implementing decisions of the Board, directing and co-ordinating the daily operation and management of the 
Group are delegated to the management.
The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of regulatory reporting of the 
Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent views and judgement on corporate 
actions and operations.
All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide 
spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective 
functioning.
All Directors may, upon request, seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances at the Company’s 
expenses for discharging their duties to the Company.
The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them and the Board regularly reviews the 
contribution required from each Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the Company.
The Board reviews and evaluates the independence of the Board on an annual basis and ensures that the Board is 
provided with independent views and opinions by adopting a series of methods and approaches such as ensuring 
the proportion of independent non-executive Directors on the Board and the Board committees, regularly evaluating 
the independence of all non-executive Directors, striving to ensure that all Directors have equal opportunities and 
channels to communicate and express their independent views and opinions to the Board and the Board committees, 
etc..
During FY2024, the Board reviewed the effectiveness of Board independence mechanisms and the results were 
satisfactory.

--- Page 49 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202448
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
BOARD MEETINGS
The Board meets regularly (at least four times a year) to discuss and approve the overall strategies and policies, 
monitor the financial and operational performance, review corporate governance practices, consider and approve the 
financial results as well as other significant matters of the Group. Additional meetings are convened as and when the 
Board considers necessary. In case where conflict of interest arises involving a substantial shareholder or a Director, 
such matter will not be dealt with by written resolutions. Independent non-executive Directors with no conflict of 
interest will deal with such issues involving conflict of interest.
A tentative schedule for regular Board meetings for each year is provided to Directors at the beginning of each 
calendar year. Notice of at least 14 days will be given to all Directors for all regular Board meetings and the Directors 
can include matters for discussion in the agenda if necessary. Agenda and accompanying Board papers in respect 
of regular Board meetings are sent out in full to all Directors at least 3 days before the meeting. Draft minutes of all 
Board meetings are circulated to Directors for comment within a reasonable time prior to confirmation.
All Directors have access to Board papers and related materials, and are provided with adequate information in a 
timely manner, which enable the Board to make an informed decision on matters placed before it.
Four regular Board meetings and six extraordinary Board meetings were held during FY2024. The attendance record 
of each Director at the Board meetings held during FY2024 is set out below:
Meetings attended/Number of meetings
Name of Directors
Regular 
Board meeting
Extraordinary 
Board Meeting
Executive Directors
Mr. Liu Yu (Chief Executive Officer) 4/4 6/6
Ms. Zhao Jingyuan
(note 1) 2/2 2/2
Non-executive Directors
Mr. Guan Jifa (Chairman)(note 2) 3/3 5/5
Mr. Ren Yuhang (Chairman)(note 3) 1/1 1/1
Ms. Sun Fang 4/4 6/6
Mr. Cao Mingda 4/4 6/6
Ms. Hou Weiwei
(note 4) 2/2 4/4
Mr. Fang Zhiwei(note 5) 2/2 2/2
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Luo Zhenbang (CPA) 4/4 6/6
Mr. Huang Lixin 4/4 6/6
Mr. Li Wei
(note 6) 4/4 6/6
Notes:
1. Ms. Zhao Jingyuan was appointed as an executive Director with effect from 8 August 2024.
2. Mr. Guan Jifa resigned as non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Board and ceased to be a member of the 
Remuneration Committee, the chairman of the Nomination Committee and the chairman of the ESG Committee with effect 
from 21 November 2024.
3. Mr. Ren Yuhang was appointed as non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Board with effect from 21 November 2024. 
On that day, he was also appointed as a member of the Remuneration Committee, chairman of the Nomination Committee, 
and chairman of the ESG Committee.
4. Ms. Hou Weiwei resigned as non-Executive Director with effect from 8 August 2024.
5. Mr. Fang Zhiwei was appointed as non-Executive Director with effect from 8 August 2024.
6. Subsequent to the Period, Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in replacement 
of Mr. Li Wei.

--- Page 50 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 49
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
Apart from regular Board meetings and extraordinary Board meetings, the Chairman of the Board also held meeting 
with independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors during FY2024.
BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has established four committees, namely, the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination 
Committee and ESG Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Board committees 
of the Company are established with specific written terms of reference which deal clearly with their authority and 
duties. The terms of reference of the aforesaid committees have been posted on the Company’s website and the 
website of the Stock Exchange and are available to the Shareholders upon request.
The list of the chairman and members of each Board committee is set out under “Board Composition” in this 
Corporate Governance Report.
Audit Committee
The Company established the Audit Committee on 8 December 2011 with written terms of reference in compliance 
with Rules 3.21 and 3.22 of the Listing Rules. On 30 December 2015, the Board adopted the revised written terms of 
reference which became effective on 1 January 2016. On 25 December 2018, the Board adopted the further revised 
written terms of reference which became effective on the same date. The written terms of reference of the Audit 
Committee were adopted in compliance with code provisions D.3.3 and D.3.7 of the CG Code.
The Audit Committee currently consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Luo Zhenbang 
(chairman of the Audit Committee), Mr. Huang Lixin and Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia
Note.
Note: Subsequent to the Period, Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia was appointed as a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 
22 April 2025. As at 31 December 2024, Mr. Li Wei was a member of the Audit Committee.
The primary duties of the Audit Committee, among other things, are (i) to make recommendations to the Board 
on the scope of audit and appointment, re-appointment and removal of external auditor; (ii) review the financial 
statements and material advice in respect of financial reporting; (iii) oversee internal control and risk management 
systems of the Company; and (iv) review the effectiveness of the internal audit function and arrangements to enable 
employees of the Company to raise concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or 
other matters of the Company.
The Audit Committee held five meetings during FY2024 to, among others, review the interim and annual financial 
results and reports of the Group and significant issues on financial reporting, operational and compliance controls. 
The Audit Committee also reviewed the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems, 
internal audit function and compliance procedures, and considered matters regarding reappointment of external 
auditors, relevant scope of works and connected transactions and arrangements for employees to raise concerns 
about possible improprieties.
The Audit Committee also met the external auditors twice without presence of the executive Directors.
The attendance record of each member at the Audit Committee meetings held during FY2024 is set out below:
Meetings attended/ 
Number of meetings
Mr. Luo Zhenbang (CPA) (chairman of the Audit Committee) 5/5
Mr. Huang Lixin 5/5
Mr. Li Wei 5/5

--- Page 51 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202450
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
Remuneration Committee
The Company established the Remuneration Committee on 8 December 2011 with written terms of reference in 
compliance with Rules 3.25 and 3.26 of the Listing Rules. On 25 December 2018 and 26 October 2022, the Board 
respectively adopted the revised written terms of reference which became effective on the same date. The written 
terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee was adopted in compliance with code provision E.1.2 of the CG 
Code.
The Remuneration Committee currently consists of two independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. Ng Wing 
Yan Claudia
Note (chairman of the Remuneration Committee) and Mr. Huang Lixin, and one non-executive Director, 
namely Mr. Ren Yuhang.
Note: Subsequent to the Period, Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia was appointed as the chairman of the Remuneration Committee with 
effect from 22 April 2025. As at 31 December 2024, Mr. Li Wei was the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.
The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are to review and make recommendations to the Board on 
the remuneration packages of executive Directors, non-executive Directors and senior management and overall 
remuneration policy and structure relating to all Directors and senior management of the Group, and establish 
transparent procedures for developing such remuneration policy and structure and to ensure that none of the 
Directors or any of his/her associates will participate in deciding his/her own remuneration.
The Remuneration Committee held four meetings during FY2024 to review and make recommendation to the Board 
on the remuneration policy and the remuneration packages of the Directors and senior management. Details of the 
remuneration of senior management by band are set out in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in this 
annual report.
The attendance record of each member at the Remuneration Committee meeting held during FY2024 is set out 
below:
Meetings attended/
Number of meetings
Mr. Li Wei (chairman of the Remuneration Committee) 4/4
Mr. Guan Jifa 4/4
Mr. Ren Yuhang 0/0
Mr. Huang Lixin 4/4
Nomination Committee
The Company established the Nomination Committee on 8 December 2011 with written terms of reference in 
compliance with code provisions B.3.1 of the CG Code. On 25 December 2018, the Board adopted the revised written 
terms of reference which became effective on the same date. The Nomination Committee adopted a board diversity 
policy on 30 August 2013 to achieve diversity on the Board which was subsequently revised on 25 December 2018.
The Nomination Committee  currently consists of one non-executive Director, namely Mr. Ren Yuhang (chairman of 
the Nomination Committee) and two independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Huang Lixin and Ms. Ng Wing 
Yan Claudia
Note.
Note: Subsequent to the Period, Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia was appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee with effect 
from 22 April 2025. As at 31 December 2024, Mr. Li Wei was a member of the Nomination Committee.

--- Page 52 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 51
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size, diversity and composition of 
the Board on a regular basis; develop and formulate relevant procedures for the nomination and appointment of 
Directors; identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members; assess the independence of independent 
non-executive Directors; and make recommendations to the Board on relevant matters relating to the appointment or 
succession planning of Directors.
In assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee would take into account various aspects as well as 
factors concerning Board diversity as set out in the Company’s board diversity policy. The Nomination Committee 
would discuss and agree on measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where necessary, and 
recommend them to the Board for adoption. In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for directorships, 
the Nomination Committee would consider the candidate’s relevant criteria as set out in the Company’s director 
nomination policy that are necessary to complement the corporate strategy and achieve Board diversity, where 
appropriate, before making recommendation to the Board. The director nomination policy as adopted by the Board 
sets out the procedure and criteria in the nomination and appointment of Directors.
The Nomination Committee held three meetings during FY2024 to discuss and review the structure, size and 
composition of the Board and the independence of the independent non-executive Directors as well as matters 
regarding retirement and re-election of Directors at annual general meeting.
The attendance record of each member at the Nomination Committee meeting held during FY2024 is set out below:
Meetings attended/
Number of meetings
Mr. Guan Jifa (chairman of the Nomination Committee) 3/3
Mr. Ren Yuhang (chairman of the Nomination committee) 0/0
Mr. Huang Lixin 3/3
Mr. Li Wei 3/3
ESG Committee
The Company established the ESG Committee on 29 November 2021 with written terms of reference. The ESG 
Committee consists of three members, including an executive director, a non-executive director, and an independent 
non-executive director. The committee has a chairman.
The ESG Committee currently consists of one non-executive Director, namely Mr. Ren Yuhang (chairman of the ESG 
Committee), one executive Director, namely Mr. Liu Yu, and one independent non-executive Director, namely Mr. Luo 
Zhenbang.
The terms of reference of the ESG Committee are to review, approve and report to the board of directors the 
company’s ESG principles, objectives, standards and matters, and to supervise, review and evaluate their effective 
implementation in the formulation of strategies, systems and business practices. The ESG Committee is also 
responsible for reviewing and recommending the ESG reports to the board of directors, etc.
The ESG Committee held two meetings during FY2024 to discuss the Company’s ESG report, ESG objectives, etc. and 
report to the Board.

--- Page 53 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202452
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
The attendance record of each member at the ESG Committee meeting held during FY2024 is set out below:
Meeting attended/
Number of meeting
Mr. Guan Jifa (chairman of the ESG Committee) 1/1
Mr. Ren Yuhang (chairman of the ESG committee) 1/1
Mr. Liu Yu 2/2
Mr. Luo Zhenbang 2/2
BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
The Company adopted a board diversity policy on 30 August 2013 to achieve diversity on the Board which was 
subsequently revised on 6 December 2013 and 25 December 2018 (the “Board Diversity Policy”) and is available on 
the website of the Company. The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and sees 
increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in maintaining the Company’s competitive advantage.
Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Nomination Committee will review annually the structure, size and 
composition of the Board and where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the Board to complement 
the Company’s corporate strategy and to ensure that the Board maintains a balanced diverse profile. In relation to 
reviewing and assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee is committed to maintaining diversity 
at all levels and will consider the measurable objectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and 
educational background, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and industry and regional experience.
The Company aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of the Board that are relevant to the 
Company’s business growth and is also committed to ensuring that selection and nomination of Board positions are 
appropriately structured so that a diverse range of candidates are considered.
For the purpose of implementation of the Board Diversity Policy, the Board will consider the following measurable 
objectives:
1. at least one third of the Directors shall be an independent non-executive Directors;
2. at least one Director and senior management is female; and
3. at least one Director shall have obtained accounting or other professional qualifications.
During the Period, all the measurable objectives have been fulfilled and the Company considers that the Board 
satisfies the Board Diversity Policy.
As at 31 December 2024, the Board comprised nine members, including two female Directors who have a balance 
mix of knowledge, skill and experience. The Company has taken and will continue to take steps to promote gender 
diversity at all levels of the Company, including but without limitation at Board and senior management levels.
For succession planning to maintain gender diversity on the Board, the Board will ensure, by upholding an open, fair, 
just and reasonable human resource policy with equal opportunities for talent attraction and promotion regardless of 
gender, that a diverse pipeline of candidates are available to take up leadership positions when any vacancy arises.
The Company will also ensure that there is gender diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior levels. It is the 
Company’s objective to maintain an appropriate balance of gender diversity with reference to the stakeholders’ 
expectation and international and local recommended best practices. As at 31 December 2024, the gender ratio in 
the workforce (including senior management) was approximately 73.2% males and 26.8% females. 

--- Page 54 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 53
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
At present, the Nomination Committee considered an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of the Board is  
maintained and has achieved the measurable objectives in implementing the Board Diversity Policy.
The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy, as appropriate and on a regular basis, to ensure its 
continued effectiveness.
DIRECTOR NOMINATION POLICY
The Board has delegated its responsibilities and authority for selection and appointment of Directors to the 
Nomination Committee of the Company. Without prejudice to the authority and duties of the Nomination Committee 
as set out in its terms of reference, the ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of Directors of the 
Company rests with the entire Board.
The Company has adopted a director nomination policy (the “ Director Nomination Policy ”) which sets out the 
selection criteria and process and the Board succession planning considerations in relation to nomination and 
appointment of Directors of the Company and aims to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and 
diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Company and the continuity of the Board and appropriate leadership at 
Board level.
The nomination process set out in the Director Nomination Policy is as follows:
Appointment of New Director
• The Nomination Committee and/or the Board may select candidates for directorship from various channels, 
including but not limited to recommendation by Shareholders, re-designation etc.;
• The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should, upon receipt of the proposal on appointment of new 
director and the biographical information (or relevant details) of the candidate, evaluate such candidate based on 
the criteria as set out above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship;
• If the process yields one or more desirable candidates, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should rank 
them by order of preference based on the needs of the Company and reference check of each candidate (where 
applicable);
• The Nomination Committee should then recommend to the Board to appoint the appropriate candidate for 
directorship, as applicable;
• For any person that is nominated by a Shareholder for election as a Director at the general meeting of the 
Company, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should evaluate such candidate based on the criteria as 
set out above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship; and
• Where appropriate, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should make recommendation to Shareholders 
in respect of the proposed election of Director at the general meeting.

--- Page 55 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202454
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
Re-election of Director at General Meeting
• The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should review the overall contribution and service to the Company 
of the retiring Director and the level of participation and performance on the Board;
• The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should also review and determine whether the retiring Director 
continues to meet the criteria as set out above; and
• The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should then make recommendation to Shareholders in respect of 
the proposed re-election of Director at the general meeting.
Where the board proposes a resolution to elect or re-elect a candidate as Director at the general meeting, the 
relevant information of the candidate will be disclosed in the circular to Shareholders and/or explanatory statement 
accompanying the notice of the relevant general meeting in accordance with the Listing Rules and/or applicable laws 
and regulations.
The Director Nomination Policy sets out the factors for assessing the suitability and the potential contribution to the 
Board of a proposed candidate, including but not limited to the following:
• Character and integrity;
• Qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience that are relevant to the 
Company’s business and corporate strategy;
• Diversity aspects under the Board Diversity Policy, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and 
educational background, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and industry and regional experience;
• Requirements of independent non-executive Directors on the Board and independence of the proposed 
independent non-executive Directors in accordance with the Listing Rules; and
• Commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest to discharge duties as a member of the Board and/
or Board committee of the Company.
During FY2024, the Nomination Committee recommended to the Board the appointment of an executive Director, 
namely Ms. Zhao Jingyuan, a non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Board, namely Mr. Ren Yuhang and a 
non-Executive Director, namely Mr. Fang Zhiwei. The appointments were subject to a stringent nomination process 
in accordance with the Director Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy, to ensure the Board possesses the 
necessary skills, experience and knowledge in alignment with the Company’s strategy.
The Nomination Committee will conduct a regular review on the Director Nomination Policy, as appropriate, to ensure 
its effectiveness.

--- Page 56 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 55
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code.
The Board determines the Company’s corporate governance policies and performs corporate governance duties set 
out in the CG Code. Its corporate governance duties include, among others, (i) to develop and review the Company’s 
policies and practices on corporate governance; (ii) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional 
development of Directors and senior management; (iii) to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices 
on compliance with legal or regulatory requirements; and (iv) to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code 
and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.
Throughout FY2024, the Board has performed the functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the CG code.
DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has devised the Securities Dealing Code on terms no less exacting than the required standard of 
dealings set out in the Model Code. The Company customarily issues notices to its Directors reminding them of the 
general prohibition on dealing in the Company’s listed securities during the blackout periods before the publication 
of announcements of financial results. Having made specific enquiry of the Directors, all the Directors confirmed 
that they have complied with the required standards set out in the Securities Dealing Code and the Model Code 
throughout FY2024. The Securities Dealing Code also applies to employees to whom the Securities Dealing Code was 
given. The Company was not aware of any non-compliance of the Model Code for FY2024.
DIRECTORS’ AND OFFICERS’ LIABILITIES
The Company has arranged for appropriate insurance covering the liabilities of the Directors and officers in respect of 
any legal actions taken against the Directors and officers that may arise out of the corporate activities. The insurance 
coverage will be reviewed on an annual basis.
CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS
Directors shall keep abreast of regulatory developments and changes in order to effectively perform their 
responsibilities and to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.
Induction materials and relevant guideline materials regarding the duties and responsibilities of being a director, 
the relevant laws and regulations applicable to directors, duty of disclosure of interests and business in the Group 
will be provided to newly appointed Directors shortly upon their appointment as Directors to ensure appropriate 
understanding of the business and operations of the Group and full awareness of director’s responsibilities and 
obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements. Continuing briefings and professional 
development to Directors will be arranged when necessary. All Directors are encouraged to attend relevant training 
courses at the Company’s expenses.

--- Page 57 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202456
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
In FY2024, the Company held many training courses for all Directors, including listing rules and relevant guidelines, 
inside information, ESG, etc.. All Directors attended the trainings.
Name of Directors Participation
Executive Directors
Mr. Liu Yu (Chief Executive Officer) Attended
Ms. Zhao Jingyuan Attended
Non-executive Directors 
Mr. Ren Yuhang (Chairman) Attended
Ms. Sun Fang Attended
Mr. Cao Mingda Attended
Mr. Fang Zhiwei Attended
Independent Non-executive Directors 
Mr. Luo Zhenbang Attended
Mr. Huang Lixin Attended
Mr. Li Wei Attended
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
The Board shall acknowledge its responsibility for the Group’s risk management and internal control systems, to assess 
and determine the nature and extent of risks that the Group is willing to accept in achieving its strategic objectives, 
and acknowledge that the Group will establish and continue to maintain appropriate and effective risk management 
and internal control systems and be responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of such systems, which are designed 
to manage rather than eliminate risks of failure to achieve its business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but 
not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.
The Board, with the assistance of the Audit Committee, will continuously oversee the design, implementation and 
monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems conducted by management. The management has 
reported to the Board and the Audit Committee on the review of all material controls including financial, operational 
and compliance controls, and the Board confirmed that the Group’s risk management and internal control systems 
were effective and adequate during the reporting period, and that no material control failures or control weaknesses 
were identified.
The Group has set up Finance Department, Legal and Audit Department and Capital Operation Department, which 
are responsible for accounting and financial reporting, internal audit and ESG work respectively. The employees of 
these departments have relevant work experience or practicing certificates, and various trainings have been conducted 
on corporate tax management and risk prevention in the digital management environment and ESG practices and 
disclosure. The Board confirmed that during the Period, the Group has provided sufficient resources for its accounting, 
internal audit and financial reporting functions as well as ESG performance and reporting, recruited employees with 
sufficient qualifications, and provided various training courses to its employees.
The Group’s management is responsible for designing, maintaining, implementing and continuously monitoring the 
risk management, internal audit and investment project post-evaluation systems, and has established a comprehensive 
risk list based on the five major types of risks, namely strategic, operational, legal, financial and market risks. During 
this period, it continuously improved the identified risks, issues and deficiencies, and corrected and improved the 
deficiencies in a timely manner through the internal audit and investment project post-evaluation systems, so as to 
effectively protect the Group’s assets and the rights and interests of equity holders.

--- Page 58 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 57
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
Management will continuously monitor the Group’s risk and internal control systems through various means such as 
annual internal control compliance evaluation, special compliance evaluation and special internal audit. In the 2024 
internal control compliance evaluation work, it focused on company-level processes such as organisational structure, 
social responsibility, risk management, compliance management, as well as business-level processes such as capital 
activities, legal and contract management, procurement, and business outsourcing, and communicated one result to 
the Board and the Audit Committee.
The Group has established a comprehensive risk prevention and control system, identifying, evaluating and analysing 
relevant procedures and substance through multiple dimensions such as management structure, group system and 
job responsibilities. In the 2024 risk management evaluation work, the Group sorted out, evaluated, analysed and 
corrected potential risks through centralised investigation and dynamic monitoring, and report all kinds of perceived 
risks to the management, thereby strengthening the Group’s ability to identify and manage risks.
The Group makes internal control and compliance evaluation and special internal audit plans every year. Based 
on the Internal Control, Compliance and Risk Management Manual and various policies and other documents, 
the Group carries out specific reviews on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems 
through procedures such as inquiry, observation, walk-through test and control test, and identifies the deficiencies 
in risk management and internal controls in a timely manner, reports them to the Board and the Audit Committee, 
follows up and supervises the rectifications. If serious internal control deficiencies are identified in the course of the 
review, the Group will punish the relevant responsible persons in accordance with the Management Regulations on 
Investment Accountability for Illegal Operations and other policies, and take timely measures to minimise and recover 
losses as well as eliminate any adverse effects.
As the procedures and internal controls for the Group to process and release internal information, the Management 
Regulations on Information Disclosure defines the Group’s management requirements for the disclosure of 
information on all material events and transactions that may have a significant impact on the price of the Group’s 
shares to investors and the public on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and/or the Group’s website. The 
Group has developed a disclosure policy which provides a general guide to the Directors, officers, senior management 
and relevant employees of the Group in handling confidential information, monitoring information disclosure and 
responding to enquiries. Control procedures have been implemented to ensure that unauthorised access and use of 
inside information are strictly prohibited.
As the internal audit policy of the Group, the Management Regulations on Internal Audit defines the duties and 
rights of the internal audit department, the internal audit procedures and the application of audit results, which can 
effectively carry out risk investigation, monitoring and correction of identified potential risks and significant events, so as 
to eliminate the potential impact and occurrence of potential risks and make practicable follow-up plans to mitigate 
the identified risks.
As the reporting policy of the Group, the Reporting Management Measures allows employees and other persons who 
have dealings with the Group (e.g. customers and suppliers) to raise their concerns about any possible improprieties 
relating to the Group to the Audit Committee confidentially and anonymously. The Reporting Handling Office has 
reported to the Board and the Audit Committee that it has not received any concerns about possible improprieties 
relating to the Group.
As the Group’s policy to promote and support anti-corruption laws and regulations, the Anti-fraud Regulation sets 
out the definition of fraud, remedial measures and penalties, with the aim of preventing and controlling fraud, 
strengthening the Group’s internal control systems, promoting a culture of probity, standardising business practices, 
safeguarding the interests of the Group, and protecting the legitimate rights and interests of shareholders.

--- Page 59 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202458
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for the preparation of the financial statements of the Company for 
FY2024 and ensure that the financial statements are prepared in accordance with applicable statutory requirements 
and financial reporting standards. Appropriate accounting policies have been used and applied consistently, and 
reasonable and prudent judgements and estimates have been made.
Having made appropriate enquiries, the Board is not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or 
conditions which may cast significant doubt over the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, 
the Board has continued to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the financial statements.
The statement of the external auditors of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities on the financial 
statements of the Group is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 65 to 71 of this annual report.
AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
The fees paid and payable to the Company’s external auditors in respect of their audit and non-audit services provided 
to the Company for FY2024 were as follows:
Amount
HK$’000
Type of services
Statutory audit services 1,372
Non-statutory audit services (interim review service) 588
1,960
COMPANY SECRETARY
The position of joint company secretaries of the Company is held by Mr. Liu Yefei and Ms. Ng Ka Man. Ms. Ng 
is a senior manager of the Listing Services Department of TMF Hong Kong Limited, a global professional services 
provider specialising in integrated business, corporate and investor services. Mr. Liu is general manager of Capital 
Operation Department of Company. Mr. Liu is also the primary corporate contact person of Ms. Ng. He would work 
and communicate with Ms. Ng on the Company’s corporate governance and secretarial and administrative matters. 
All Directors have access to the advice and services of the company secretary on corporate governance and board 
practices and matters. Mr. Liu and Ms. Ng have taken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in 
compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.

--- Page 60 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 59
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
INVESTOR RELATIONS AND COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Board recognises the importance of good communications with the Shareholders. The Company believes that 
maintaining a high level of transparency is a key to enhance investor relations and investor understanding of the 
Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company is committed to a policy of open and timely disclosure of 
corporate information to its shareholders and investment public.
The Company updates its Shareholders on its latest business developments and financial performance through 
its corporate publications including interim and annual reports as well as other announcements and circulars. The 
Company maintains its website (www.biitt.cn) to provide a communication channel for the public and its shareholders. 
All corporate communication and the Company’s latest updates are available on the Company’s website for public 
information.
The annual general meeting (“ AGM”) or extraordinary general meeting (“ EGM”) of the Company provide 
opportunities for direct communication between the Shareholders and the Board and the Directors are available to 
meet the Shareholders and answer their questions. During FY2024, an AGM and two EGMs were held.
The attendance records of each Director at the AGM and the EGMs are set out below:
Meetings attended/Number of meetings
Name of Directors AGM EGM
Executive Directors
Mr. Liu Yu (Chief Executive Officer) 1/1 2/2
Ms. Zhao Jingyuan 0/0 2/2
Non-executive Directors
Mr. Guan Jifa (Chairman) 1/1 0/0
Mr. Ren Yuhang (Chairman) 0/0 2/2
Ms. Sun Fang 1/1 2/2
Mr. Cao Mingda 1/1 2/2
Ms. Hou Weiwei 1/1 0/0
Mr. Fang Zhiwei 0/0 2/2
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Luo Zhenbang (CPA) 1/1 2/2
Mr. Huang Lixin 1/1 2/2
Mr. Li Wei 1/1 2/2
SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
To safeguard shareholders’ interests and rights, separate resolution should be proposed for each substantial issue at 
general meetings, including the election of individual Director. All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be 
voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company and of 
the Stock Exchange after each general meeting.
The Company engages with Shareholders through various communication channels.

--- Page 61 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202460
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
Procedures for Shareholders to Convene an EGM
According to Article 12.3 of the Articles, EGM of the Company may be convened on the written requisition of any one 
or more members of the Company holding together, as at the date of deposit of the requisition, shares representing 
not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company which carry the right of voting at general meetings of 
the Company, on a one vote per share basis.
If the Board does not within 21 days from the date of deposit of the requisition proceed to convene the meeting 
to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionist(s) themselves or any of them representing more than one-half 
of the total voting rights of all of them, may convene the EGM in the same manner, as nearly as possible, as that in 
which meetings may be convened by the Board provided that any meeting so convened shall not be held after the 
expiration of three months from the date of deposit of the requisition, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the 
requisitionist(s) shall be reimbursed to them by the Company.
Procedures for Shareholders to Put Forward Proposals at Shareholders’ Meetings
According to Article 12.3 of the Articles, Shareholders may put forward proposals at Shareholders’ Meetings by the 
written requisition of any one or more members of the Company holding together, as at the date of deposit of the 
requisition, shares representing not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company which carry the right of 
voting at general meetings of the Company, on a one vote per share basis.
Procedures for Shareholders to Direct Enquiries to the Board
For putting enquiries to the Board, the Shareholders can contact the Company as follows:
Address: Rm 2502, 25/F, Tower 1, Enterprise Square Five
38 Wang Chiu Road
Kowloon Bay
Hong Kong
Email: IR@biitt.cn
Tel (HK): (852) 2805 2588
Tel (Beijing): (86) 010 8462 2731
Fax: (852) 2805 2488
Attention: The Board of Directors c/o Capital Operation Department
For share registration related matters, such as share transfer and registration, change of name or address, loss of share 
certificates or dividend warrants, the registered shareholders shall contact the Company’s Hong Kong branch share 
registrar and transfer office as follows:
Address: Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong
Email: is-enquiries@vistra.com
Tel: (852) 2980 1333
Fax: (852) 2810 8185

--- Page 62 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 61
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholder(s) must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition, notice 
or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above addresses, where appropriate, and provide their full 
name, contact details and identification in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as 
required by law.
Shareholders may call the Company at (852) 2805 2588 for any assistance.
Policies relating to Shareholders
The Company has in place a Shareholders’ Communication Policy to ensure that shareholders’ views and concerns 
are appropriately addressed. The Company maintains close contact with investors, continuously communicating with 
them through online meetings, phone calls, face-to-face conversations, and other means, and answering questions 
about the Group’s strategic direction, business development, prospects, and other concerns at any time. Investors 
can also learn about the latest information of the Company through Shareholder meetings, Company websites, 
Shareholder inquiries, and other means. In 2024, the Group has communicated with investors and analysts more than 
50 times. The Board has conducted an annual review of the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders 
Communication Policy of the Company, and considered that the policy was implemented effectively during the year.
The Company has adopted a Dividend Policy on payment of dividends, which sets out the principles and guidelines 
that the Company intends to apply in relation to the declaration, payment or distribution of its net profits as dividends 
to the Shareholders. After the Board took comprehensive consideration of strategic planning, business expansion, 
operation management, dividend payout and other factors, the Group has established a sustainable, stable and 
scientific return mechanism for Shareholders. The mid-to-long-term dividend payout ratio is not lower than 30% in 
principle, which will provide Shareholders with tangible returns. The specific dividend allocation will depend on the 
annual results, cash flows and other factors, subject to the approval of Shareholders at the relevant annual general 
meeting.
Constitutional Documents
There had been no changes in the constitutional documents of the Company during FY2024.
The second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company is available on the 
websites of the Stock Exchange and of the Company.

--- Page 63 ---
DEFINITIONS
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202462
2025 annual general meeting of the Company “2025 AGM”
Automatic Fare Collection Clearing Centre 
(ІਗਯᏨୃ૶ၑʕː)
“ACC”
Automated Fare Collection System (ІਗਯᏨୃӻ୕) “AFC”
Automatic Fare Collection Network Control Centre 
(ІਗਯᏨୃᇞၣ၍ଣʕː)
“ANCC”
Baoding Cornerstone Lianying Venture Capital 
Investment Fund Centre (Limited Liability Partnership)* 
(Υྫ)
“Cornerstone Lianying”
Beijing Beikong Telecom Technology Service Co., Ltd.* 
(ʮ̡)
“Beikong Telecom”
Beijing Capital Metro Co., Ltd.* (ʮ̡) “Capital Metro”
Beijing City Railway Holdings Company Limited
ʮ̡
“Beijing City Railway”
Beijing Cornerstone Huiying Venture Capital Centre 
(Limited Liability Partnership)
(Υྫ)
“Cornerstone Huiying”
Beijing Infrastructure Investment Co., Ltd.* 
(ʮ̡)
“BII”
Beijing Infrastructure Investment (Hong Kong) Limited
ʮ̡
“BII HK”
Beijing Jingtou Rail Transit Real Estate Development Co., Ltd*
(ʮ̡)
“BII Real Estate”
Beijing Metro Network Administration Co., Ltd.*
(ʮ̡)
“Metro Network”
Beijing Metro Science and Technology 
Development Co., Ltd.* (ʮ̡)
“Metro Technology”
Beijing Ruubypay Science and Technology Co., Ltd*
(ʮ̡)
“Ruubypay”
Beijing SmartTOD Technology Development Co., Ltd*
(ʮ̡)
“SmartTOD Technology”

--- Page 64 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 63
Defi nitions (continued)
Beijing Subway Information Development Co., Ltd. 
(ʮ̡)
“Information Development”
Beijing Traffic Control Silicon Valley Technology Co., Ltd.*
(ʮ̡)
“Traffic Control Silicon Valley”
BII Information Security Technology Development 
Company Limited* (ʮ̡)
“BII Xin An”
BII Railway Technology Development Holdings 
Company Limited (ʮ̡)
“BII Railway”
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings 
Company Limited ʮ̡
“the Company”
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings 
Company Limited and its subsidiaries 
(᙮ʮ̡)
“the Group”
BII Technical Equipment Group Co., Ltd.*
(ʮ̡)
“BII Technical”
BII Technology Development Co., Ltd.*
(ʮ̡)
“BII-TDBJ”
BII Transit Systems (Beijing) Co., Ltd.*
ʮ̡
“BII-TSBJ”
BII Transit Systems (HK) Co., Ltd
ʮ̡
“BII-TSHK”
BII Transportation Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.*
(ʮ̡)
“BII-TTBJ”
BII Zhongfu Technology Company Limited*
(ʮ̡)
“BII Zhongfu”
Board of Directors “Board”
China City Railway Transportation Technology 
Investment Co., Ltd.
(ʮ̡
“CCRTT Investment”
For the year ended 31 December 2022 “FY2022”
For the year ended 31 December 2023 “FY2023”
For the year ended 31 December 2024 “FY2024”, “Period”

--- Page 65 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202464
Defi nitions (continued)
Great Legend Development Limited ʮ̡ “Great Legend”
Litmus Technologies (Beijing) Co., Ltd.* 
(ʮ̡)
“Litmus”
More Legend Limited “More Legend”
Multiple Line Centre (εᇞ΍͜ᇞ༩ʕː) “MLC”
Ordinary share(s) of HK$0.01 each in the share capital of 
the Company
“Share(s)”
Passenger Information System (ӻ୕) “PIS”
Shareholder(s) of the Company “Shareholder(s)”
Suzhou Huaqi Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.* 
(ʮ̡)
“Huaqi Intelligent”
the director(s) of the Company “Director(s)”
The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities 
on the Stock Exchange
“Listing Rules”
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
ʮ̡
“Stock Exchange”
Traffic Control Centre (౨ʕː) “TCC”
Youdao Technology Co., Ltd 
(ʮ̡, formerly known as 
Beijing Zhilian Youdao Technology Co., Ltd 
(ʮ̡))
“Youdao Technology”
* For identification purposes only

--- Page 66 ---
Independent Auditor’s Report
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 65
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company 
Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 72 to 160, which comprise the 
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in 
equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended and notes to the consolidated financial 
statements, including material accounting policy information.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position 
of the Group as at 31 December 2024 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows 
for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the 
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong 
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further 
described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. 
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the 
“Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the 
audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

--- Page 67 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202466
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of 
the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit 
of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a 
separate opinion on these matters.
Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets
Refer to Notes 3(b), 18(a) and 19 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note 2(k)(i).
The Key audit matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s trade receivables 
and contract assets amounted to HK$983,954,000 
and HK$735,056,000, respectively, which represented 
20.36% and 15.21% of the total assets, respectively.
The Group measures loss allowances on trade 
receivables and contract assets at amounts equal 
to lifetime expected credit losses (the “ECL”) 
using a provision matrix which involved significant 
management judgement in estimating loss rate and 
adjusting factors that are specific to the debtors and 
an assessment of both the current and forecast general 
economic conditions at the reporting date. For trade 
receivables or contract assets that are individually 
significant with objective evidence that the credit risk is 
obviously different from others, ECL is measured on an 
individual basis.
We identified assessing loss allowances for trade 
receivables and contract assets as a key audit matter 
because of the significance of the balances of trade 
receivables and contract assets to the consolidated 
financial statements and the significant management 
judgement required in estimating the loss allowances at 
the reporting date, which can be inherently uncertain.
Our audit procedures to assess the loss allowances 
for trade receivables and contract assets included the 
following:
• understanding and evaluating the design and 
implementation of key internal controls relating 
to credit control, debt collection and estimating 
loss allowances for trade receivables and contract 
assets;
• evaluating the Group’s policy and methodology 
for estimating the credit loss allowance with 
reference to the requirements of the prevailing 
accounting standards;
• on a sample basis, comparing the categorisation 
of trade receivables and contract assets in the 
ageing report with invoices issued, contract 
terms, contract progress reports and other 
relevant underlying documentation;
• understanding the key data and assumptions 
of the expected credit loss model adopted 
by management, including the basis of the 
segmentation of the trade receivables and 
contract assets based on credit risk characteristics, 
the historical default data, and the assumptions 
involved in management’s estimated loss rate;
Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)

--- Page 68 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 67
KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets (continued)
Refer to Notes 3(b), 18(a) and 19 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note 2(k)(i).
The Key audit matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
Our audit procedures to assess the loss allowances 
for trade receivables and contract assets included the 
following: (continued)
• assessing the reasonableness of management’s 
loss allowance estimates by examining the 
information used by management to form such 
judgements, including testing the accuracy of the 
historical default data and evaluating whether 
the historical loss rates are appropriately adjusted 
based on current economic conditions and 
forward-looking information; and
• on a sample basis, inspecting cash receipts after 
31 December 2024 from customers relating to 
trade receivables and contract assets balances as 
at 31 December 2024.
Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)

--- Page 69 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202468
KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
Assessing potential impairment of goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful life
Refer to Notes 3(c), 12 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note 2(k)(ii).
The Key audit matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
As at 31 December 2024, goodwill and  
trademarks with indefinite useful life amounted to 
HK$543,944,000 and HK$91,789,000, respectively.
Goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful 
life are assessed annually for potential impairment. 
Management performs impairment assessments of the 
cash-generating units (“CGUs”) to which the assets 
are allocated by considering the value-in-use of these 
assets.
The value-in-use was determined by preparing 
discounted cash flow forecasts of the relevant CGUs. 
This involves a significant degree of management 
judgement, particularly the future sales growth rates, 
corresponding gross margin rates and the discount 
rates applied.
We identified assessing potential impairment of 
goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful 
life as a key audit matter because the impairment 
assessment of these assets involves a significant degree 
of management judgement in relation to the key 
assumptions adopted in the impairment assessment 
models some of which are inherently uncertain and 
may be subject to management bias.
Our audit procedures to assess the potential 
impairment of goodwill and trademarks with indefinite 
useful life included the following:
• understanding and evaluating the design and 
implementation of key internal controls over the 
impairment assessment;
• evaluating management’s identification of CGUs 
and the amounts of goodwill, trademarks with 
indefinite useful life and other assets allocated to 
those CGUs;
•  evaluating the methodology used by  
management in preparing the discounted cash 
flow forecasts with reference to the requirements 
of the prevailing accounting standards and 
assessing the discount rates applied in the 
discounted cash flow forecasts by comparing 
with the range of those adopted by other 
companies in the same industry;
• assessing and challenging the key assumptions 
adopted by management in its discounted cash 
flow forecasts, such as the estimated future sales 
growth rates and corresponding gross margin 
rates, with reference to historical sales growth 
rates and corresponding profit margins rates of 
the individual CGUs and the financial budgets 
approved by the directors;
Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)

--- Page 70 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 69
KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
Assessing potential impairment of goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful life (continued)
Refer to Notes 3(c), 12 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note 2(k)(ii).
The Key audit matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
Our audit procedures to assess the potential 
impairment of goodwill and trademarks with indefinite 
useful life included the following: (continued)
• performing a retrospective review of the 
prior year’s discounted cash flow forecasts 
and comparing the forecast with the current 
year’s actual results to assess the reliability of 
management’s forecasting process;
• obtaining from management sensitivity analyses 
of the key assumptions, including future sales 
growth rates, corresponding gross margin rates 
and the discount rates applied, adopted in the 
discounted cash flow forecasts and considering 
any indicators of management bias; and
• assessing the adequacy of disclosures relating to 
impairment testing of goodwill and trademarks 
with indefinite useful life in the context of the 
applicable financial reporting standards.
OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the 
information included in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report 
thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any 
form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other 
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated 
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based 
on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are 
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)

--- Page 71 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202470
RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that 
give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure 
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is 
necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern 
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic 
alternative but to do so.
The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s 
financial reporting process.
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes 
our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility 
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with 
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional 
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
– Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to 
fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, 
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
– Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the 
Group’s internal control.
– Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and 
related disclosures made by the directors.
Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)

--- Page 72 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 71
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
– Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based 
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may 
cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material 
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the 
consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions 
are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or 
conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
– Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events 
in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
– Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial 
information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group 
financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed 
for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our 
audit.
We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be 
thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit 
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about 
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our 
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication.
The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Wan Wing Ping.
Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Wan Wing Ping
Practising certificate number P07471
Hong Kong, 27 March 2025
Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)

--- Page 73 ---
Consolidated Statement of Profi t or Loss
For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202472
2024 2023
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Revenue 4 1,656,773 1,637,181
Cost of sales (1,037,086) (1,046,174)
Gross profit 619,687 591,007
Other income and other gains/losses 5 21,790 38,538
Selling, general and administrative expenses (266,556) (266,163)
Impairment loss on trade, bills and other receivables and 
contract assets, net 30(a) (13,447) (7,403)
Research and development expenses (159,599) (170,762)
Profit from operations 201,875 185,217
Finance costs 6(a) (9,884) (10,456)
Share of results of joint ventures and associates 21,888 21,627
Fair value changes in other financial assets (7,597) 7,505
Profit before taxation 6 206,282 203,893
Income tax 7 (26,775) (18,165)
Profit for the year 179,507 185,728
Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company 167,604 174,313
Non-controlling interests 11,903 11,415
Profit for the year 179,507 185,728
Earnings per share
Basic and diluted (HK$) 10 0.080 0.083
The notes on pages 80 to 160 form part of these consolidated financial statements. Details of dividends payable to 
equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the profit for the year are set out in Note 27(b).

--- Page 74 ---
Consolidated Statement of Profi t or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 73
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Profit for the year 179,507 185,728
Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year, net of tax:
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Other financial assets designated at fair value through 
other comprehensive income
Change in fair value 6,578 60,248
Tax effect (987) (9,037)
5,591 51,211
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (65,853) (65,428)
Other comprehensive expense for the year (60,262) (14,217)
Total comprehensive income for the year 119,245 171,511
Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company 119,606 161,811
Non-controlling interests (361) 9,700
Total comprehensive income for the year 119,245 171,511
The notes on pages 80 to 160 form part of these consolidated financial statements.

--- Page 75 ---
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202474
2024 2023
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 11 258,100 223,083
Intangible assets 12 181,559 195,606
Goodwill 13 543,944 555,853
Interests in joint ventures and associates 15 385,430 380,125
Other financial assets 16 197,387 202,735
Deferred tax assets 26(a) 33,536 29,026
1,599,956 1,586,428
Current assets
Inventories 17 451,136 363,756
Contract assets 18(a) 735,056 714,262
Trade and other receivables 19 1,285,764 1,146,043
Tax recoverable – 1,064
Cash and cash equivalents 20 761,204 697,130
3,233,160 2,922,255
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 21 1,356,920 1,139,474
Contract liabilities 18(b) 38,604 45,800
Bank borrowings 22 101,507 76,421
Other borrowings 23 28,262 255,000
Lease liabilities 24 18,287 14,074
Current taxation 27,043 24,867
Provision for warranties 25 5,165 4,952
1,575,788 1,560,588
Net current assets 1,657,372 1,361,667
Total assets less current liabilities 3,257,328 2,948,095

--- Page 76 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 75
2024 2023
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Non-current liabilities
Other borrowings 23 255,000 –
Lease liabilities 24 20,243 24,835
Contingent considerations 1,955 1,998
Deferred tax liabilities 26(a) 33,690 38,084
Deferred income 1,296 –
Provision for warranties 25 4,201 4,329
316,385 69,246
NET ASSETS 2,940,943 2,878,849
CAPITAL AND RESERVES 27
Share capital 20,971 20,971
Reserves 2,754,630 2,686,847
Total equity attributable to equity shareholders
of the Company 2,775,601 2,707,818
Non-controlling interests 165,342 171,031
TOTAL EQUITY 2,940,943 2,878,849
Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 27 March 2025.
Liu Yu Ren Yuhang
Director Director
The notes on pages 80 to 160 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (continued)
As at 31 December 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 77 ---
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202476
Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
Non-
controlling 
interests Total
Share 
capital
Share 
premium
Capital 
reserve
Statutory 
reserves
Fair value 
reserve (non-
recycling)
Exchange 
reserve
Retained 
profits Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Balance at 1 January 2023 20,971 1,662,190 26,362 86,828 – (115,302) 892,366 2,573,415 76,378 2,649,793
Changes in equity for 2023:
Profit for the year – – – – – – 174,313 174,313 11,415 185,728
Other comprehensive income/(expense) – – – – 51,211 (63,713) – (12,502) (1,715) (14,217)
Total comprehensive income/(expense) – – – – 51,211 (63,713) 174,313 161,811 9,700 171,511
Acquisition of non-controlling interests of a 
subsidiary (Note 28) – – 1,279 – – – – 1,279 (1,889) (610)
Deemed partial disposal of interest in a 
subsidiary without losing control (Note 29) – – 24,134 – – – – 24,134 86,842 110,976
Capital contribution from 
ultimate holding company – – 1,042 – – – – 1,042 – 1,042
Dividends approved in respect of the 
previous year (Note 27(b)(ii)) – (54,526) – – – – – (54,526) – (54,526)
Appropriation to reserves – – – 11,645 – – (11,645) – – –
Others – – 663 – – – – 663 – 663
– (54,526) 27,118 11,645 – – (11,645) (27,408) 84,953 57,545
Balance at 31 December 2023 20,971 1,607,664 53,480 98,473 51,211 (179,015) 1,055,034 2,707,818 171,031 2,878,849

--- Page 78 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 77
Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
Non-
controlling 
interests Total
Share 
capital
Share 
premium
Capital 
reserve
Statutory 
reserves
Fair value 
reserve (non-
recycling)
Exchange 
reserve
Retained 
profits Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Balance at 1 January 2024 20,971 1,607,664 53,480 98,473 51,211 (179,015) 1,055,034 2,707,818 171,031 2,878,849
Changes in equity for 2024:
Profit for the year – – – – – – 167,604 167,604 11,903 179,507
Other comprehensive income – – – – 5,591 (53,589) – (47,998) (12,264) (60,262)
Total comprehensive income – – – – 5,591 (53,589) 167,604 119,606 (361) 119,245
Dividends to non-controlling interests –––– –––– ( 5 , 328) (5,328)
Dividends approved in respect of the previous 
year (Note 27(b)(ii)) – (52,429) – – – – – (52,429) – (52,429)
Appropriation to reserves – – – 18,847 – – (18,847) – – –
Others – – 606 – – – – 606 – 606
– (52,429) 606 18,847 – – (18,847) (51,823) (5,328) (57,151)
Balance at 31 December 2024 20,971 1,555,235 54,086 117,320 56,802 (232,604) 1,203,791 2,775,601 165,342 2,940,943
The notes on pages 80 to 160 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 79 ---
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202478
2024 2023
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Operating activities
Profit before taxation 206,282 203,893
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation 6(c) 61,247 86,510
Impairment loss on trade, bills and other receivables and 
contract assets, net 30(a) 13,447 7,403
Impairment of prepayment 6(c) – 2,148
Write down of inventories, net 17(b) 758 2,343
Interest income 5 (4,444) (7,857)
Dividends income from other financial assets measured at FVPL 5 (1,317) –
Loss on deemed disposal of interest in an associate 5 23 –
Loss/(gain) on disposal of an associate 5 110 (2,514)
Finance costs 6(a) 9,884 10,456
Share of results of joint ventures and associates (21,888) (21,627)
Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 6(c) 202 27
Net loss on early termination of leases 5 549 30
Release of deferred income – (1,757)
Fair value changes in other financial assets 7,597 (7,505)
Changes in working capital:
(Increase)/decrease in inventories (97,329) 74,178
Increase in trade and other receivables (190,076) (199,249)
Increase in contract assets (38,495) (125,681)
Increase in deferred income 1,316 –
Increase/(decrease) in provision for warranties 288 (4,550)
Increase in trade and other payables 224,262 5,995
(Decrease)/increase in contract liabilities (6,310) 6,701
Decrease in restricted bank deposits 92,542 12,013
Cash generated from operations 258,648 40,957
Interest received 4,444 5,397
Income tax paid (35,228) (37,669)
Net cash generated from operating activities 227,864 8,685
Investing activities
Payment for the purchase of property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets (47,235) (44,695)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment 2 5
Dividends received from joint ventures and associates 2,818 9,739
Cash received from return on investment in  an associate 3,083 –
Dividends received from other financial assets measured at FVPL 1,317 –
Capital injection in an associate – (7,102)
Proceeds from disposal of an associate 7,586 –
Net cash used in investing activities (32,429) (42,053)

--- Page 80 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 79
2024 2023
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Financing activities
Payment for acquisition of non-controlling interest of a subsidiary (603) (45,167)
Payment for early termination of lease – (168)
Capital element of lease rentals paid 20(b) (16,595) (20,403)
Interest element of lease rentals paid 20(b) (1,859) (2,040)
Proceeds of bank borrowings 20(b) 103,747 92,390
Repayment of bank borrowings 20(b) (75,918) (98,740)
Proceeds of other borrowings 20(b) 28,690 –
Repayment of other borrowings 20(b) – (45,000)
Interest paid 20(b) (7,399) (8,437)
Deemed partial disposal of interest in a subsidiary without 
losing control 29 – 110,976
Dividends paid to equity shareholders of the Company (52,429) (54,523)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (5,328) (2,106)
Net cash used in financing activities (27,694) (73,218)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 167,741 (106,586)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 20(a) 568,331 667,370
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes (10,633) 7,547
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 20(a) 725,439 568,331
The notes on pages 80 to 160 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 81 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202480
1 GENERAL INFORMATION
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the 
Cayman Islands on 7 January 2011 as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law 
(2011 Revision), Chapter 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands. The Company’s 
registered office address is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman 
Islands. The principal place of business of the Company is Room 2502, 25F, Tower 1, Enterprise Square Five, 38 
Wang Chiu Road, Kowloon Bay, Hong Kong.
The shares of the Company were listed on the Growth Enterprise Market (the “GEM”) of The Stock Exchange 
of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 16 May 2012. The listing of the Company’s shares was 
transferred from the GEM to the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 6 December 2013.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(a) Statement of compliance
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards 
as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and the applicable disclosure 
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These consolidated financial statements also comply 
with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock 
Exchange.
The IASB has issued certain amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective or available 
for early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 2(c) provides information on any 
changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that 
they are relevant to the Group for the current accounting period reflected in these consolidated financial 
statements.
(b) Basis of preparation of the consolidated financial statements
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 comprise the Company and its 
subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”) and the Group’s interests in joint ventures and associates.
The measurement basis used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements is the historical 
cost basis except that the following assets and liabilities are stated at their fair value as explained in the 
accounting policies set out below:
– investments in equity securities (see Note 2(g)); and
– contingent considerations.

--- Page 82 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 81
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(b) Basis of preparation of the consolidated financial statements (continued)
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires 
management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and 
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions 
are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the 
circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets 
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting 
estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that 
period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future 
periods.
Judgements made by management in the application of IFRS Accounting Standards that have significant 
effect on the consolidated financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in 
Note 3.
(c) Changes in accounting policies
The Group has applied the following amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the IASB to these 
consolidated financial statements for the current accounting period:
– Amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of financial statements: Classification of liabilities as current or 
non-current
– Amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of financial statements: Non-current liabilities with covenants
– Amendments to IFRS 16, Leases: Lease liability in a sale and leaseback
– Amendments to IAS 7, Statement of cash flows and IFRS 7, Financial instruments: Disclosures: Supplier 
finance arrangements
None of these amendments have had a material effect on how the Group’s results and financial position 
for the current or prior periods have been prepared or presented in these consolidated financial statements. 
The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current 
accounting period.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 83 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202482
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(d) Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has 
rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns 
through its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated 
financial statements from the date on which control commences until the date on which control ceases.
Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised incomes and expenses (except for foreign 
currency transaction gains or losses) arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated. Unrealised losses 
resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to the 
extent that there is no evidence of impairment.
For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling interests (“NCI”) 
either at fair value or at the NCI’s proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets. NCI 
are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from equity 
attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. NCI in the results of the Group are presented on 
the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and 
other comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income 
for the year between NCI and the equity shareholders of the Company. Loans from holders of NCI and 
other contractual obligations towards these holders are presented as financial liabilities in the consolidated 
statement of financial position in accordance with Notes 2(o) or 2(q) depending on the nature of the 
liability.
Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as 
equity transactions.
When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, and 
any related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss. 
Any interest retained in that former subsidiary is measured at fair value when control is lost.
In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less 
impairment losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)), unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group 
classified as held for sale).
(e) Associates and joint ventures
An associate is an entity in which the Group or the Company has significant influence, but not control 
or joint control, over the financial and operating policies. A joint venture is an arrangement in which the 
Group or the Company has joint control, whereby the Group or the Company has the rights to the net assets 
of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 84 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 83
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(e) Associates and joint ventures (continued)
An interest in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method, unless it is classified as 
held for sale (or included in a disposal group classified as held for sale). They are initially recognised at cost, 
which includes transaction costs. Subsequently, the consolidated financial statements include the Group’s 
share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income (“OCI”) of those investees, until the date on 
which significant influence or joint control ceases.
When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group’s 
interest is reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the 
Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this 
purpose, the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method, together 
with any other long-term interests that in substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate 
or the joint venture, after applying the expected credited losses (“ECL”) model to such other long-term 
interests where applicable (see Note 2(k)(i)).
Unrealised gains arising from transactions with equity-accounted investees are eliminated against the 
investment to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the 
same way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent there is no evidence of impairment.
In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in an associate or a joint venture is stated 
at cost less impairment losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)), unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a 
disposal group classified as held for sale).
(f) Goodwill
Goodwill arising on acquisition of businesses is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses and is 
tested annually for impairment (see Note 2(k)(ii)).
(g) Other investments in securities
The Group’s policies for investments in securities, other than investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint 
ventures, are set out below.
Investments in securities are recognised/derecognised on the date the Group commits to purchase/sell 
the investment. The investments are initially stated at fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs, 
except for those investments measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”) for which transaction 
costs are recognised directly in profit or loss. For an explanation of how the Group determines fair value 
of financial instruments, see Note 30(e). These investments are subsequently accounted for as follows, 
depending on their classification.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 85 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202484
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(g) Other investments in securities (continued)
(I) NON-EQUITY INVESTMENTS
Non-equity investments are classified into one of the following measurement categories:
– amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows which 
represent solely payments of principal and interest. Expected credit losses, interest income 
calculated using the effective interest method (see Note 2(u)(ii)(b)), foreign exchange gains and 
losses are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in profit or 
loss.
– Fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) – recycling, if the contractual cash 
flows of the investment comprise solely payments of principal and interest and the investment is 
held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both the collection of contractual 
cash flows and sale. Expected credit losses, interest income (calculated using the effective interest 
method) and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss and computed 
in the same manner as if the financial assets was measured at amortised cost. The difference 
between the fair value and the amortised cost is recognised in OCI. When the investment is 
derecognised, the amount accumulated in OCI is recycled from equity to profit or loss.
– FVPL if the investment does not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVOCI 
(recycling). Changes in the fair value of the investment (including interest) are recognised in profit 
or loss.
(II) EQUITY INVESTMENTS
An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL, unless the investment is not held for trading 
purposes and on initial recognition the Group makes an irrevocable election to designate the 
investment at FVOCI (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in 
OCI. Such elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be made if the 
investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer’s perspective. If such election is made for a 
particular investment, at the time of disposal, the amount accumulated in the fair value reserve (non-
recycling) is transferred to retained profits and not recycled through profit or loss. Dividends from an 
investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether classified as at FVPL or FVOCI, are recognised in 
profit or loss as other income (see Note 2(u)(ii)(a)).
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 86 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 85
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(h) Property, plant and equipment
The following items of property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and 
any accumulated impairment losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)).
– right-of-use assets arising from leases over freehold or leasehold properties where the Group is not the 
registered owner of the property interest; and
– items of plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets arising from leases of underlying plant and 
equipment (see Note 2(j)).
If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then they are 
accounted for as separate items (major components).
Any gains or losses on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit or loss.
Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment less their estimated 
residual values, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives and is generally 
recognised in profit or loss.
The estimated useful lives for current and comparative periods are as follows:
Estimated useful lives
Buildings The shorter of 20 years or the unexpired 
term of lease
Right-of-use assets Over the terms of leases
Civil communication transmission systems The shorter of 10 years or the estimated 
remaining useful lives
Others 3-10 years
Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if 
appropriate.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 87 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202486
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(i) Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
Expenditure on research activities is recognised in profit or loss as incurred. Development expenditure 
is capitalised only if the expenditure can be measured reliably the product or process is technically and 
commercially feasible, future economic benefits are probable and the Group intends to and has sufficient 
resources to complete development and to use or sell the resulting asset. Otherwise, it is recognised in 
profit or loss as incurred. Capitalised development expenditure is subsequently measured at cost less 
accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)).
Other intangible assets, including patents and trademarks, that are acquired by the Group and have finite 
useful lives are measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses (see 
Note 2(k)(ii)).
Expenditure on internally generated goodwill and brands is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.
Amortisation is calculated to write off the cost of intangible assets less their estimated residual values using 
the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, if any, and is generally recognised in profit or loss.
The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:
Estimated useful lives
Software 3-10 years
Income rights The shorter of 13 years or 
the estimated remaining useful lives
Patent rights 10-15 years
Amortisation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if 
appropriate.
Intangible assets are not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite. Any conclusion 
that the useful life of an intangible asset is indefinite is reviewed annually to determine whether events and 
circumstances continue to support the indefinite useful life assessment for that asset. If they do not, the 
change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for prospectively from the date 
of change and in accordance with the policy for amortisation of intangible assets with finite lives as set out 
above. The Group treats trademarks as intangible asset with indefinite useful life and reviews annually.
(j) Leased assets
At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. This is the case 
if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for 
consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of the identified 
asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 88 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 87
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(j) Leased assets (continued)
AS A LESSEE
At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except for 
leases that have a short lease term of 12 months or less, and leases of low-value items. When the Group 
enters into a lease in respect of a low-value item, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a 
lease-by-lease basis. If not capitalised, the associated lease payments are recognised in profit or loss on a 
systematic basis over the lease term.
Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease 
payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that 
rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, 
the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is recognised using the effective 
interest method. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the 
measurement of the lease liability, and are charged to profit or loss as incurred.
The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which 
comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the 
commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove 
the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease 
incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and 
impairment losses (see Notes 2(h) and 2(k)(ii)).
The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in 
an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under 
a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, 
extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding 
adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the 
carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.
The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a lease modification, which means a change in the scope 
of a lease or the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract, if such 
modification is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability is remeasured based 
on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the 
modification.
In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities is 
determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve months 
after the reporting period.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 89 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202488
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(k) Credit losses and impairment of assets
(I) CREDIT LOSSES FROM FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND CONTRACT ASSETS
The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECLs on:
– financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents and trade and 
other receivables);
– contract assets (see Note 2(m)); and
– non-equity securities measured at FVOCI (recycling) (see Note 2(g)(i)).
Measurement of ECLs
ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Generally, credit losses are measured as the 
present value of all expected cash shortfalls between the contractual and expected amounts.
For undrawn loan commitments, expected cash shortfalls are measured as the difference between 
(i) the contractual cash flows that would be due to the Group if the holder of the loan commitment 
draws down on the loan and (ii) the cash flows that the Group expects to receive if the loan is drawn 
down.
The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following rates if effect is material:
– fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables and contract assets: effective interest rate 
determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof; and
– variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate.
The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which 
the Group is exposed to credit risk.
ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:
– 12-month ECLs: these are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible 
within the 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the 
instrument is less than 12 months); and
– lifetime ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected 
lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 90 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 89
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(k) Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
(I) CREDIT LOSSES FROM FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
Measurement of ECLs (continued)
The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following, 
which are measured at 12-months ECLs:
– financial instruments that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and
– other financial instruments (including loan commitments issued) for which credit risk (i.e. the 
risk of default occurring over the expected life of the financial instrument) has not increased 
significantly since initial recognition.
Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal to 
lifetime ECLs.
Significant increases in credit risk
When determining whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since 
initial recognition and when measuring ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable 
information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative 
and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and informed 
credit assessment, that includes forward-looking information.
The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when:
– the debtor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the 
Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held); or
– the financial asset is 90 days past due.
ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit 
risk since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or 
loss in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments 
with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, except 
for investments in non-equity securities that are measured at FVOCI (recycling), for which the loss 
allowance is recognised in OCI and accumulated in the fair value reserve (recycling) does not reduce 
the carrying amount of the financial asset in the consolidated statement of financial position.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 91 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202490
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(k) Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
(I) CREDIT LOSSES FROM FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
Credit-impaired financial assets
At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial asset 
is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future 
cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.
Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:
– significant financial difficulties of the debtor;
– a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
– it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other financial 
reorganisation;
– significant changes in the market, economic or legal environment that have an adverse effect on 
the debtor; or
– the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the issuer.
Write-off policy
The gross carrying amount of a financial asset or contract asset is written off (either partially or in full) 
to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group 
determines that the debtors do not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient 
cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.
Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of 
impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.
(II) IMPAIRMENT OF OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets (other than 
inventories, contract assets and deferred tax assets) to determine whether there is any indication of 
impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. Goodwill is 
tested annually for impairment.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 92 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 91
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(k) Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
(II) IMPAIRMENT OF OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
For impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates 
cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or 
cash-generating units (“CGU”s). Goodwill arising from a business combination is allocated to CGUs or 
groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.
The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs 
of disposal. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted to their present value 
using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and 
the risks specific to the asset or CGU.
An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable 
amount.
Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. They are allocated first to reduce the carrying 
amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other 
assets in the CGU on a pro-rata basis.
An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is 
reversed only to the extent that the resulting carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount 
that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been 
recognised.
(III) INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORTING AND IMPAIRMENT
Under the Listing Rules, the Group is required to prepare an interim financial report in compliance with 
IAS 34, Interim financial reporting, in respect of the first six months of the financial year. At the end of 
the interim period, the Group applies the same impairment testing, recognition, and reversal criteria as 
it would at the end of the financial year (see Note 2(k)).
Impairment losses recognised in an interim period in respect of goodwill are not reversed in a 
subsequent period. This is the case even if no loss, or a smaller loss, would have been recognised had 
the impairment been assessed only at the end of the financial year to which the interim period relates.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 93 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202492
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(l) Inventories
Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
Cost comprises all costs of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present 
location and condition.
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs 
of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
(m) Contract assets and contract liabilities
A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue (see Note 2(u)) before being 
unconditionally entitled to the consideration under the terms in the contract. Contract assets are assessed 
for ECLs (see Note 2(k)(i)) and are reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration becomes 
unconditional (see Note 2(n)).
A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays non-refundable consideration before the Group 
recognises the related revenue (see Note 2(u)). A contract liability is also recognised if the Group has an 
unconditional right to receive non-refundable consideration before the Group recognises the related 
revenue. In such latter cases, a corresponding receivable is also recognised (see Note 2(n)).
When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest 
accrued under the effective interest method (see Note 2(u)).
(n) Trade and other receivables
A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration and only the 
passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.
Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured at their 
transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and other receivables are 
initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are subsequently stated at amortised 
cost (see Note 2(k)(i)).
(o) Trade and other payables
Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, trade and 
other payables are stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which 
case they are stated at invoice amounts.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 94 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 93
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(p) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other 
financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known 
amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three 
months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECLs (see Note 2(k)(i)).
(q) Interest-bearing borrowings
Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequently, these 
borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense is recognised 
in accordance with Note 2(w).
(r) Employee benefits
(I) SHORT-TERM EMPLOYEE BENEFITS AND CONTRIBUTIONS TO DEFINED CONTRIBUTION 
RETIREMENT PLANS
Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised 
for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay 
this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated 
reliably.
Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement plans are expensed as the related 
service is provided.
(II) TERMINATION BENEFITS
Termination benefits are expensed at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer 
of those benefits and when the Group recognises cost for a restructuring.
(s) Income tax
Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax. It is recognised in profit or loss except to the 
extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in OCI.
Current tax comprises the estimated tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year 
and any adjustments to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The amount of current 
tax payable or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects 
any uncertainty related to income taxes. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at 
the reporting date. Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 95 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202494
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(s) Income tax (continued)
Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.
Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and 
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not 
recognised for:
– temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a 
business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give 
rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;
– temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures to the extent 
that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is 
probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future;
– taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill; and
– those related to the income taxes arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted to implement 
the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.
The Group recognised deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities separately in relation to its lease 
liabilities and right-of-use assets.
Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary 
differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they 
can be used. Future taxable profits are determined based on the reversal of relevant taxable temporary 
differences. If the amount of taxable temporary differences is insufficient to recognise a deferred tax asset 
in full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for reversals of existing temporary differences, are considered, 
based on the business plans for individual subsidiaries in the Group. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at 
each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit 
will be realised; such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 96 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 95
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(t) Provisions and contingent liabilities
Generally provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that 
reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability.
A provision for warranties is recognised when the underlying products or services are sold, based on 
historical warranty data and a weighting of possible outcomes against their associated probabilities.
A provision for onerous contracts is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of 
terminating the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract, which is determined 
based on the incremental costs of fulfilling the obligation under that contract and an allocation of other 
costs directly related to fulfilling that contract. Before a provision is established, the Group recognises any 
impairment loss on the assets associated with that contract (see note 2(k)(ii)).
Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be 
estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of 
economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the 
probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.
(u) Revenue and other income
Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods or the provision of 
services in the ordinary course of the Group’s business.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 97 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202496
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(u) Revenue and other income (continued)
Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:
(I) REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” 
of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the 
customer.
A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct 
or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.
Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress 
towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is 
met:
• the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s 
performance as the Group performs;
• the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group 
performs; or
• the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the 
Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct 
good or service.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 98 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 97
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(u) Revenue and other income (continued)
(I) REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS (CONTINUED)
(a) Provision of services
Data and integration services
Revenue from provision of data and integration services is recognised progressively over time using 
the cost-to-cost method, i.e. based on the proportion of the actual costs incurred relative to the 
estimated total costs, which provides a faithful depiction of the transfer of those services.
The likelihood of the Group earning contractual bonuses for early completion or suffering 
contractual penalties for late completion are taken into account in making these estimates, such 
that revenue is only recognised to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in 
the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur.
When the outcome of the contract cannot be reasonably measured, revenue is recognised only 
to the extent of contract costs incurred that are expected to be recovered.
If at any time the costs to complete the contract are estimated to exceed the remaining amount 
of the consideration under the contract, then a provision is recognised in accordance with the 
policy set out in Note 2(t).
Data transmission network services under intelligent infrastructure business
Revenue arising from data transmission network services is recognised over time based on 
the output method, either as the service allowance units are used or as time elapses, because 
it reflects the pattern by which the Group satisfies the performance obligation through the 
rendering of services to the customer.
Maintenance services
Revenue arising from maintenance services is recognised over time as these services are provided.
(b) Sale of hardware and software products
Revenue arising from the sales of hardware and software products is recognised when the 
customer takes possession of and accepts the products. If the products are a partial fulfilment of 
a contract covering other goods and/or services, then the amount of revenue recognised is an 
appropriate proportion of the total transaction price under the contract, allocated between all 
the goods and services promised under the contract on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 99 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 202498
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(u) Revenue and other income (continued)
(II) REVENUE FROM OTHER SOURCES AND OTHER INCOME
(a) Dividends
Dividend income is recognised in profit or loss on the date on which the Group’s right to receive 
payment is established.
(b) Interest income
Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method. The effective interest rate is 
the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the 
financial asset to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset. In calculating interest income, 
the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying amount of the asset (when the asset is 
not credit-impaired). However, for financial assets that have become credit-impaired subsequent 
to initial recognition, interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the 
amortised cost of the financial asset. If the asset is no longer credit-impaired, then the calculation 
of interest income reverts to the gross basis.
(c) Government grants
Government grants are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position initially 
when there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply 
with the conditions attaching to them.
Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised as income in profit or 
loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred.
Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are deducted from the carrying 
amount of the asset and consequently are effectively recognised in profit or loss over the useful 
life of the asset by way of reduced depreciation expense.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 100 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 99
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(v) Translation of foreign currencies
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the respective functional currencies of group 
companies at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency 
at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured at fair 
value in a foreign currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate when the fair 
value was determined. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured based on historical cost in 
a foreign currency are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency 
differences are generally recognised in profit or loss.
However, foreign currency differences arising from the translation of investment in equity securities 
designated as at FVOCI (except on impairment, in which case foreign currency differences that have been 
recognised in OCI are reclassified to profit or loss) are recognised in OCI.
The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on 
acquisition, are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates at the reporting date. The income 
and expenses of foreign operations are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates at the dates 
of the transactions. Foreign currency differences are recognised in OCI and accumulated in the exchange 
reserve, except to the extent that the translation difference is allocated to NCI.
When a foreign operation is disposed of in its entirety or partially such that control, significant influence 
or joint control is lost, the cumulative amount in the exchange reserve related to that foreign operation is 
reclassified to profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal. On disposal of a subsidiary that includes 
a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that foreign operation 
that have been attributed to the NCI shall be derecognised, but shall not be reclassified to profit or loss. If 
the Group disposes of part of its interest in a subsidiary but retains control, then the relevant proportion 
of the cumulative amount is reattributed to NCI. When the Group disposes of only part of an associate or 
joint venture while retaining significant influence or joint control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative 
amount is reclassified to profit or loss.
(w) Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset 
which necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as 
part of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 101 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024100
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(x) Related parties
(a) A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:
(i) has control or joint control over the Group;
(ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
(iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.
(b) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:
(i) The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, 
subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).
(ii) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a 
member of a group of which the other entity is a member).
(iii) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.
(iv) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third 
entity.
(v) The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or 
an entity related to the Group.
(vi) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).
(vii) A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key 
management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).
(viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel 
services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.
Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or 
be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 102 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 101
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(y) Segment reporting
Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial 
statements, are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior 
executive management for the purpose of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the 
Group’s various lines of business and geographical locations.
Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the 
segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and 
services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute 
the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments 
which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.
3 ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
Sources of estimation uncertainty
Notes 25 and 30 contain information about the assumptions and their risk factors relating to estimation of 
provision for warranties and financial instruments. Other key sources of estimation uncertainty are as follows:
(a) REVENUE RECOGNITION
As explained in policy Note 2(u)(i)(a), revenue from service contracts are recognised over time. Such revenue 
and profit recognition on uncompleted projects is dependent on estimating the total outcome of the 
contract, as well as the work done to date.
Based on the Group’s recent experience and the nature of the manufacturing and construction activities 
undertaken by the Group, the Group has made estimates of the point at which it considered the work 
was sufficiently advanced such that the outcome of the contract can be reasonably measured. The Group 
prepares budgets for service contracts individually and the budget, which is used in the Group’s financial 
reporting, is reviewed regularly. Onerous contracts are provided for when identified. Material adjustments 
to the budgeted costs may occur in future if there is a significant change in the market environment.
(b) EXPECTED CREDIT LOSSES FOR TRADE RECEIVABLES AND CONTRACT ASSETS
The credit losses for trade receivables and contract assets are based on assumptions about the expected loss 
rates. The Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment 
calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking 
estimates at the end of each reporting period. For details of the key assumptions and inputs used, see Note 
30(a). Changes in these assumptions and estimates could materially affect the results of the assessment and 
it may be necessary to charge additional impairment to profit or loss.
(c) IMPAIRMENT OF GOODWILL AND TRADEMARKS WITH INDEFINITE USEFUL LIFE
The Group determines whether goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful life are impaired at least 
on an annual basis. This requires an estimation of the value in use of the CGUs. Estimating the value in 
use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the CGUs and also 
to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. Details of 
impairment testing of goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful life are set out in Notes 12 and 13.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 103 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024102
3 ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
Sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)
(d) DEFERRED TAX
Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences to the 
extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the deferred tax assets 
can be utilised. In determining the amount of deferred tax assets to be recognised, significant judgement 
is required regarding to the timing and level of future taxable profits, after taking into account future tax 
planning strategies. The amount of deferred tax assets recognised at future dates are adjusted if there are 
significant changes from these estimates.
4 REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING
(a) Revenue
The principal activities of the Group are (i) provision of hardware and software products and services of 
high-speed railways, intercity railways, suburban railways and metro system; (ii) provision of hardware 
and software products and services of intelligent railways transportation and intelligent operation and 
maintenance; (iii) provision of information system services of civil communication transmission systems, 
utility tunnel areas and integrated transportation hubs; and (iv) investment in the railway transportation and 
infrastructure areas through investing in equity.
(I) DISAGGREGATION OF REVENUE
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope 
of IFRS 15
Disaggregated by major service lines
– Revenue from intelligent passenger information services 755,912 770,937
– Revenue from data and integration services 515,589 577,432
– Revenue from intelligent infrastructure 385,272 288,812
1,656,773 1,637,181
Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by timing of revenue recognition and by 
geographic markets is disclosed in Notes 4(b)(i) and 4(b)(iii).
For the year ended 31 December 2024, revenue from transactions with one customer (2023: nil 
customer) arose from intelligent passenger information services segment has exceeded 10% of the 
Group’s revenue:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Customer A 176,619 N/A(Note)
Note: The corresponding revenue does not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 104 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 103
4 REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)
(a) Revenue (continued)
(II) REVENUE EXPECTED TO BE RECOGNISED IN THE FUTURE ARISING FROM CONTRACTS WITH 
CUSTOMERS IN EXISTENCE AT THE REPORTING DATE
As at 31 December 2024, the aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining 
performance obligations under the Group’s existing contracts is HK$3,226,263,000 (2023: 
HK$2,533,401,000). This amount represents revenue expected to be recognised in the future from 
intelligent passenger information services contracts, data and integration services contracts and 
intelligent infrastructure contracts entered into by the customers with the Group. The Group will 
recognise the expected revenue in future when or as the work is completed, which is expected to 
occur over the next 1 to 48 months (2023: next 1 to 48 months).
The above amount does not include any amounts of completion bonuses that the Group may earn in 
the future by meeting the conditions set out in the Group’s service contracts with customers, unless 
at the reporting date it is highly probable that the Group will satisfy the conditions for earning those 
bonuses.
(b) Segment reporting
The Group manages its businesses by business lines in a manner consistent with the way in which the 
information is reported internally to the Group’s most senior executive management for the purposes of 
resource allocation and performance assessments. The Group has presented the following four reportable 
segments:
– Intelligent passenger information services: this segment provides hardware and software products and 
services of high-speed railways, intercity railways, suburban railways and metro system.
– Data and integration services: this segment provides hardware and software products and services of 
intelligent railways transportation and intelligent operation and maintenance.
– Intelligent infrastructure: this segment provides information system services of civil communication 
transmission systems, utility tunnel areas and integrated transportation hubs.
– Business development investment: this segment manages the equity investments in railway 
transportation and infrastructure areas.
No operating segments have been aggregated to form the above reportable segments.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 105 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024104
4 REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)
(b) Segment reporting (continued)
(I) SEGMENT RESULTS
For the purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources between segments, 
the Group’s most senior executive management monitors the results attributable to each reportable 
segment on the following bases:
Revenue and expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to revenue generated 
by those segments and the costs incurred by those segments. The management is provided with 
segment information concerning inter-segment sales, inter-segment sales are priced with reference 
to prices charged to external parties for similar orders. The measure used for reporting segment 
profit is gross profit. The Group’s other income and expense items, such as other income and other 
gains/losses, selling, general and administrative expenses, impairment loss on trade, bills and other 
receivables and contract assets, net, research and development expenses, finance costs, fair value 
changes in other financial assets, and fair value changes on contingent considerations, are not 
allocated to individual segments.
There were no separate segment assets and segment liabilities information provided to the Group’s 
senior executive management, as they do not use this information to allocate resources to or evaluate 
the performance of the operating segments.
Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by timing of revenue recognition, as 
well as information regarding the Group’s reportable segments as provided to the Group’s most 
senior executive management for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment 
performance for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 is set out below.
2024
Intelligent
 passenger
 information
 services
Data and
 integration
 services
Intelligent
 infrastructure
Business
 development
 investment Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Disaggregated by timing of 
revenue recognition
Point in time 735,385 417,540 72,953 – 1,225,878
Over time 20,527 98,049 312,319 – 430,895
Revenue from external customers 755,912 515,589 385,272 – 1,656,773
Inter-segment revenue 6,065 5,379 2,513 – 13,957
Reportable segment revenue 761,977 520,968 387,785 – 1,670,730
Reportable segment profit 325,111 101,908 192,668 – 619,687
Share of results of joint 
ventures and associates – – – 21,888 21,888
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 106 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 105
4 REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)
(b) Segment reporting (continued)
(I) SEGMENT RESULTS (CONTINUED)
2023
Intelligent 
passenger 
information
 services
Data and
 integration
 services
Intelligent
 infrastructure
Business
 development
 investment Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Disaggregated by timing of 
revenue recognition
Point in time 724,706 458,327 64,556 – 1,247,589
Over time 46,231 119,105 224,256 – 389,592
Revenue from external 
customers 770,937 577,432 288,812 – 1,637,181
Inter-segment revenue 13,667 13,014 20,269 – 46,950
Reportable segment revenue 784,604 590,446 309,081 – 1,684,131
Reportable segment profit 294,595 136,268 160,144 – 591,007
Share of results of joint 
ventures and associates – – – 21,627 21,627
(II) RECONCILIATION OF REPORTABLE SEGMENT PROFIT OR LOSS
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Reportable segment profit 619,687 591,007
Share of results of joint ventures and associates 21,888 21,627
Other income and other gains/losses 21,790 38,538
Selling, general and administrative expenses (266,556) (266,163)
Impairment loss on trade, bills and other receivables and 
contract assets, net (13,447) (7,403)
Research and development expenses (159,599) (170,762)
Finance costs (9,884) (10,456)
Fair value changes in other financial assets (7,597) 7,505
Profit before taxation 206,282 203,893
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 107 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024106
4 REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)
(b) Segment reporting (continued)
(III) GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION
Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by geographical location of customers is as 
follows:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
– Mainland China 1,596,171 1,561,723
– Hong Kong 25,389 24,688
– Overseas 35,213 50,770
1,656,773 1,637,181
The Group’s non-current assets, including property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, goodwill 
and interests in joint ventures and associates, are substantially all located or allocated to operations 
located in Mainland China.
5 OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAINS/LOSSES
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Interest income 4,444 7,857
Dividend income from other financial assets measured at FVPL 1,317 –
Government grants (Note) 19,656 29,300
(Loss)/gain on disposal of an associate (110) 2,514
Loss on deemed partial disposal of an associate (23) –
Net foreign exchange loss (3,202) (2,418)
Net loss on early termination of leases (549) (30)
Others 257 1,315
21,790 38,538
Note: Gov ernment grants mainly represented subsidies provided to the Group to support the improvement of scientific 
and technology innovation capabilities and accelerate the promotion of digital transformation and technological 
transformation, and there were no unfulfilled conditions.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 108 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 107
6 PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:
(a) Finance costs
2024 2023
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Interest on bank borrowings 20(b) 2,706 3,447
Interest on other borrowings 20(b) 5,319 4,969
Interest on lease liabilities 20(b) 1,859 2,040
9,884 10,456
(b) Staff costs
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Salaries, wages and other benefits 262,509 275,497
Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans 28,094 21,247
290,603 296,744
The employees of the subsidiaries of the Group established in The People’s Republic of China (“the PRC”) 
participate in a defined contribution retirement benefit scheme managed by the local government authority, 
whereby these subsidiaries are required to contribute to the scheme at a rate of 16% of the employees’ 
basic salaries. Employees of these subsidiaries are entitled to retirement benefits, calculated based on a 
percentage of the average salaries level in Mainland China, from the above mentioned retirement scheme 
at their normal retirement age.
The Group also operates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under the Hong 
Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme Ordinance for employees employed by the Group’s subsidiaries 
incorporated in Hong Kong under a trustee. Under the MPF Scheme, the employer and its employees are 
each required to make contributions to the plan at 5% of the employees’ relevant income, subject to a cap 
of monthly relevant income of HK$30,000. Contributions to the MPF Scheme vest immediately, there is no 
forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group to reduce the existing level of contribution.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 109 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024108
6 PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION (CONTINUED)
(c) Other items 
2024 2023
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Auditors’ remuneration:
– audit services 1,372 1,389
– other services 588 595
Amortisation of intangible assets 12 20,587 23,454
Depreciation charge 11(a)
– owned property, plant and equipment 29,013 37,669
– right-of-use assets 11,647 25,387
Cost of inventories (Note) 17(b) 687,237 753,714
Increase in provision for warranties 25 7,224 2,992
Impairment loss on trade, bills and other receivables and 
contract assets, net 13,447 7,403
Impairment of prepayment – 2,148
Expense relating to short-term leases, which not 
included in the measurement of lease liabilities 909 5,357
Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 202 27
Note:
Cost of inventories includes HK$90,584,000 (2023: HK$83,636,000) relating to staff costs, and depreciation and 
amortisation expenses, which amount is also included in the respective total amounts disclosed separately above or in 
Note 6(b) for each of these types of expenses.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 110 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 109
7 INCOME TAX
(a) Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Current taxation – PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”):
– Provision for the year 29,089 18,289
– Withholding tax on dividend income (Note 7(b)(ix)) 3,467 8,463
32,556 26,752
Current taxation – Hong Kong Profits Tax:
– Provision for the year 1,060 1,111
– Over-provision for in prior years (177) (227)
883 884
Current taxation – India Profits Tax:
– Provision for the year 3,157 347
Deferred taxation:
– Origination and reversal of temporary differences (9,821) (9,818)
26,775 18,165
(b) Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Profit before taxation 206,282 203,893
Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated at the rates 
applicable to profits in the jurisdictions concerned 
(Notes (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv)) 54,965 64,890
Tax effect of non-deductible expenses 5,456 5,949
Tax effect of share of results of joint ventures and associates (4,954) (1,227)
Tax effect of non-taxable interest income (206) (298)
Tax effect of foreign exchange gain/loss 588 134
Tax effect of utilisation/recognition of prior years’ tax losses and 
temporary differences previously not recognised (1,360) (4,742)
Tax effect of tax losses and deductible temporary differences not 
recognised 16,198 1,450
Tax effect of withholding tax in connection with the distributions 
made by subsidiaries and joint ventures (Note (ix)) 3,467 8,463
Tax concessions (Notes (v), (vi), (vii) and (viii)) (47,202) (56,227)
Over-provision in prior years (177) (227)
Income tax 26,775 18,165
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 111 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024110
7 INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
(b) Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates: 
(continued)
Notes:
(i) The Company and its subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax rate of 16.5% 
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: 16.5%), except for one subsidiary which is a qualifying corporation 
under the two-tiered Profits Tax rate regime.
For this subsidiary, the first HK$2 million of assessable profits are taxed at 8.25% (2023: 8.25%) and the remaining 
assessable profits are taxed at 16.5%. The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for this subsidiary was calculated at 
the same basis in 2023.
(ii) The subsidiaries incorporated in jurisdictions other than the PRC, Hong Kong and India are not subject to any 
income tax, pursuant to the rules and regulations of their respective jurisdictions of incorporation.
(iii) The subsidiary incorporated in India is subject to India Profits Tax rate of 25% for the year ended 31 December 
2024 (2023: 25%).
(iv) The subsidiaries established in the PRC are subject to PRC EIT rate of 25% for the year ended 31 December 2024 
(2023: 25%).
(v) Certain subsidiaries established in the PRC have obtained approvals from the tax bureau to be taxed as enterprises 
with advanced and new technologies. As a result, these subsidiaries enjoyed the preferential PRC EIT rate of 15% 
for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: 15%). In addition to the preferential PRC EIT rate, these subsidiaries 
are also entitled to an additional deductible tax allowance calculated at 80%/100% of the qualified research and 
development costs incurred by these subsidiaries (2023: 80%/100%).
(vi) Certain subsidiaries engaged in the encouraged industries in western region of the PRC and enjoyed a preferential 
PRC EIT rate of 15% for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: 15%).
(vii) Certain subsidiaries were designated as software enterprises. As such, these subsidiaries were entitled to a two 
years’ exemption from the PRC EIT followed by three years of 50% the PRC EIT reduction. As a result, these 
subsidiaries enjoyed an exemption from the PRC EIT or 50% the PRC EIT reduction for the year ended 31 December 
2023. There are no qualified subsidiaries enjoyed such tax exemption for the year ended 31 December 2024.
(viii) During the year ended 31 December 2024, certain subsidiaries met the criteria of Small Low-profit Enterprise and 
enjoyed a preferential income tax policy. As such, for these subsidiaries, the first Renminbi (“RMB”) 1 million of 
taxable profits are taxed at an effective tax rate of 2.5% (2023: 2.5%); the second and third RMB1 million of 
taxable profits are taxed at an effective tax rate of 5% (2023: 5%).
(ix) Under the Law of the PRC EIT, 10% (2023: 10%) withholding tax is levied on dividend from enterprises established 
in Mainland China to enterprises established outside Mainland China.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 112 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 111
8 DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS
Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 
of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:
2024
Directors’ 
fees
Salaries, 
allowances 
and benefits 
in kind
Discretionary 
bonuses
Retirement 
scheme 
contributions Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Executive directors
Mr. Liu Yu – 598 1,157 118 1,873
Ms. Zhao Jingyuan 
(appointed on 8 August 2024) – 479 840 118 1,437
Non-executive directors
Mr. Cao Mingda (Note (ii)) –––––
Ms. Fang Zhiwei (Note (ii)) 
(appointed on 8 August 2024) –––––
Mr. Ren Yuhang (Note (ii)) 
(appointed on 21 November 2024) –––––
Ms. Sun Fang (Note (ii)) –––––
Mr. Guan Jifa (Note (ii)) 
(resigned on 21 November 2024) –––––
Ms. Hou Weiwei (Note (ii)) 
(resigned on 8 August 2024) –––––
Independent non-executive directors
Mr. Luo Zhenbang 2 4 0––– 2 4 0
Mr. Huang Lixin 2 4 0––– 2 4 0
Mr. Li Wei 2 4 0––– 2 4 0
720 1,077 1,997 236 4,030
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 113 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024112
8 DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)
2023
Directors’ 
fees
Salaries,
 allowances 
and benefits 
in kind
Discretionary 
bonuses
Retirement 
scheme 
contributions Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Executive directors
Ms. Xuan Jing (resigned on 21 March 2023) – 135 155 28 318
Mr. Liu Yu – 580 1,055 114 1,749
Non-executive directors
Mr. Cao Mingda (Note (ii)) – – – – –
Mr. Guan Jifa (Note (ii)) – – – – –
Ms. Sun Fang (Note (ii)) – ––––
Ms. Hou Weiwei (Note (ii)) –––––
Independent non-executive directors
Mr. Luo Zhenbang 24 0––– 2 4 0
Mr. Huang Lixin 24 0––– 2 4 0
Mr. Li Wei 24 0––– 2 4 0
720 715 1,210 142 2,787
Notes:
(i) There were no amounts paid during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 to the directors or any of the five 
highest paid individuals set out in Note 9 as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss 
of office.
(ii) During the year ended 31 December 2024, the six (2023: four) directors agreed to waive their entitlements to directors’ 
fees totally amounted to HK$960,000 (2023: HK$960,000). Apart from this, there was no arrangement under which a 
director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 114 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 113
9 INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS
Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, two (2023: one) are directors whose emoluments are 
disclosed in Note 8. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other three (2023: four) individuals are as 
follows:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind 1,457 1,899
Discretionary bonuses 2,568 3,679
Retirement scheme contributions 354 456
4,379 6,034
The emoluments of the three (2023: four) individuals who are not directors and who are amongst the five 
highest paid individuals of the Group are within the following band:
2024 2023
HK$1,000,001 – HK$1,500,000 3 1
HK$1,500,001 – HK$2,000,000 – 3
10 BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
The calculation of basic earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2024 is based on the profit 
attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of the Company of HK$167,604,000 (2023: HK$174,313,000) and 
the weighted average of 2,097,147,000 ordinary shares (2023: 2,097,147,000 ordinary shares) in issue during 
the year.
The Group has no dilutive ordinary shares outstanding for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023. 
Therefore, there was no difference between basic and diluted earnings per share.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 115 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024114
11 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
(a) Reconciliation of carrying amount
Ownership
interests in 
land and 
buildings held 
for own use
Other
properties 
leased for 
own use
Civil
communication 
transmission 
systems
Other
plant and 
equipment
Construction
in progress Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Cost:
At 1 January 2023 17,689 71,784 374,941 47,598 20,521 532,533
Additions – 27,591 – 9,809 31,617 69,017
Lease modification – (3,930) – – – (3,930)
Early termination of leases – (7,542) – – – (7,542)
Write-off/disposals – – – (4,193) – (4,193)
Transfer – – 40,003 4,146 (44,149) –
Exchange adjustments (252) (80) (5,020) (235) (221) (5,808)
At 31 December 2023 and 
1 January 2024 17,437 87,823 409,924 57,125 7,768 580,077
Additions – 18,485 – 12,299 55,382 86,166
Lease modification – (717) – – – (717)
Early termination of leases – (3,393) – – – (3,393)
Write-off/disposals – (29,617) – (4,087) – (33,704)
Transfer – – 60,720 330 (61,050) –
Exchange adjustments (374) (1,427) (10,778) (159) (82) (12,820)
At 31 December 2024 17,063 71,154 459,866 65,508 2,018 615,609
Accumulated depreciation 
and impairment:
At 1 January 2023 3,957 32,733 241,579 29,435 – 307,704
Charge for the year 879 25,387 22,858 13,932 – 63,056
Early termination of leases – (4,237) – – – (4,237)
Write-off/written back – – – (4,161) – (4,161)
Exchange adjustments (132) (18) (5,142) (76) – (5,368)
At 31 December 2023 and 
1 January 2024 4,704 53,865 259,295 39,130 – 356,994
Charge for the year 868 11,647 21,665 6,480 – 40,660
Early termination of leases – (1,383) – – – (1,383)
Write-off/written back – (29,617) – (3,883) – (33,500)
Exchange adjustments (113) (704) (4,300) (145) – (5,262)
At 31 December 2024 5,459 33,808 276,660 41,582 – 357,509
Carrying amount:
At 31 December 2024 11,604 37,346 183,206 23,926 2,018 258,100
At 31 December 2023 12,733 33,958 150,629 17,995 7,768 223,083
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 116 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 115
11 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
(b) Right-of-use assets
The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as follows:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Buildings leased for own use, carried at depreciated cost 37,346 33,958
The Group has obtained the right to use office premises through tenancy agreements. The leases typically 
run for an initial period of 24 to 60 months.
The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised in profit or loss is as follows:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Depreciation charge of properties leased for own use, 
carried at depreciated cost 11,647 25,387
Interest on lease liabilities (Note 6(a)) 1,859 2,040
Expense relating to short-term leases, which not included 
in the measurement of lease liabilities 909 5,357
Details of total cash outflow for leases and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in Notes 20(c) 
and 24, respectively.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 117 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024116
12 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Software
Income
rights
Patent
rights Trademarks Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Cost:
At 1 January 2023 74,495 105,561 55,341 95,153 330,550
Additions 14,05 6––– 14,056
Exchange adjustments (2,201) (1,502) (788) (1,355) (5,846)
At 31 December 2023 and 
1 January 2024 86,350 104,059 54,553 93,798 338,760
Additions 10,481––– 10,481
Exchange adjustments (2,472) (2,229) (705) (2,009) (7,415)
At 31 December 2024 94,359 101,830 53,848 91,789 341,826
Accumulated amortisation:
At 1 January 2023 30,068 69,915 21,962 – 121,945
Charge for the year 10,038 7,885 5,531 – 23,454
Exchange adjustments (864) (1,038) (343) – (2,245)
At 31 December 2023 and 
1 January 2024 39,242 76,762 27,150 – 143,154
Charge for the year 9,375 5,748 5,464 – 20,587
Exchange adjustments (1,188) (1,622) (664) – (3,474)
At 31 December 2024 47,429 80,888 31,950 – 160,267
Carrying amount:
At 31 December 2024 46,930 20,942 21,898 91,789 181,559
At 31 December 2023 47,108 27,297 27,403 93,798 195,606
Notes:
(i) The amortisation charges for the year of software, income rights and patent rights are included in “cost of sales”, “sellin g, 
general and administrative expenses” and “research and development expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit 
or loss.
(ii) Trademarks are regarded as having an indefinite useful life because the related products and services are expected to 
generate net cash inflows indefinitely.
For the purpose of impairment testing, trademarks with indefinite useful life and goodwill arising from the acquisition 
95% equity interest of Suzhou Huaqi Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. (“Huaqi Intelligent”) (ࠢ
ʮ̡) have been allocated to the CGU of the provision of intelligent passenger information services (see Note 13).
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 118 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 117
13 GOODWILL
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Cost:
At 1 January 615,105 623,988
Exchange adjustments (13,178) (8,883)
At 31 December 601,927 615,105
Impairment losses:
At 1 January 59,252 60,108
Exchange adjustments (1,269) (856)
At 31 December 57,983 59,252
Carrying amount:
At 31 December 543,944 555,853
Impairments tests for cash-generating units containing goodwill
Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s CGUs identified according to the operations of the Group as follows:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Operations in the provision of intelligent passenger information 
services (Note (i)) 483,265 493,846
Operations in the provision of data and integration services (Note (ii)) 50,997 52,113
Operations related to the intelligent infrastructure business (Note (iii)) 9,682 9,894
543,944 555,853
Notes:
(i) Goodwill arose from the Group’s acquisition of the 95% equity interests in Huaqi Intelligent in 2019.
(ii) Goodwill arose from the Group’s acquisition of the data and integration business in 2013.
(iii) Goodwill arose from the Group’s acquisition of the intelligent infrastructure business in 2014.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 119 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024118
13 GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
Key assumptions
The recoverable amount of the CGU of operations in provision of intelligent passenger information services, 
the CGU of operations in provision of data and integration services and the CGU of operations related to the 
intelligent infrastructure business were determined based on value-in-use calculations. Their calculations used 
cash flow projections based on financial budgets prepared by the directors of the Company covering a five-year 
period. Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a steady growth rate. The cash flows are 
discounted using a discount rate, which is pre-tax and reflect specific risks relating to the relevant segments.
The key assumptions used in the value-in-use calculation for the three CGUs include:
2024 2023
Operations in the provision of intelligent passenger information services
– Steady growth rate 0% 2.99%
– Pre-tax discount rate 10.55% 11.39%
Operations in the provision of data and integration services
– Steady growth rate 0% 2.71%
– Pre-tax discount rate 13.31% 13.97%
Operations related to the intelligent infrastructure business
– Steady growth rate 0% 2.60%
– Pre-tax discount rate 13.31% 14.29%
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 120 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 119
14 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets and 
liabilities of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.
Place of
establishment/
incorporation
and operations
Proportion of
ownership interest
Name of subsidiary
Particulars of
registered/
issued and
paid-up capital
The Group’s
effective
interest
Held by
subsidiaries Principal activities
BII Transit Systems (Beijing)
Co., Ltd.*
#
ʮ̡
The PRC RMB50,000,000 100% 100% Design, implementation and sale, and 
maintenance, of application solutions for 
the networking and controlling systems of 
public transport and other companies, sale 
of related software, hardware and spare 
parts in utility tunnel areas
BII Transit Systems (HK) Co., Ltd. Hong Kong 1,000 shares 100% 100% Design, implementation and maintenance of 
application solutions for the networking 
and controlling systems of public transport 
companies
BII Transportation Technology 
(Beijing) Co., Ltd.*
ʮ̡
The PRC RMB130,000,000 100% 100% Design, implementation and sale, and 
maintenance, of application solutions for 
the networking and controlling systems of 
public transport and other companies, sale 
of related software, hardware and spare 
parts in utility tunnel areas
BII Technology Development 
Co., Ltd.*
#
ʮ̡
The PRC RMB300,000,000 100% 100% Provision of civil communication transmission 
services, design, implementation and sale of 
related software
China City Railway Transportation 
Technology Investment Company 
Limited (“CCRTT Investment”)
Hong Kong 18,000,010 shares 70% 70% Investment holding
BII Information Security Technology 
Development Co., Ltd.*
ʮ̡
The PRC RMB50,000,000 51% 51% Design, implementation and maintenance of 
application solutions for the networking 
and controlling systems of public transport 
companies
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 121 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024120
Place of
establishment/
incorporation
and operations
Proportion of
ownership interest
Name of subsidiary
Particulars of
registered/
issued and
paid-up capital
The Group’s
effective
interest
Held by
subsidiaries Principal activities
Huaqi Intelligent*
#
ʮ̡
The PRC RMB215,873,016 91.4% 91.4% Design, production and sale of produce on-
board passenger information system (“on-
board PIS”), train control and remote 
diagnosis system and train network control 
system
Litmus Technologies (Beijing) Co., 
Ltd. (“Litmus”)*
ʮ̡
The PRC RMB14,285,700 51% 51% Design, implementation and sale, and 
maintenance, of application solutions for 
the networking and controlling systems of 
public transport and other companies, sale 
of related software
* The official name of the entity is in Chinese. The English name is for identification purpose only.
# These companies are foreign owned enterprises established in the PRC.
14 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets and 
liabilities of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated. (continued)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 122 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 121
14 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
The following table lists out the financial information of CCRTT Investment, Huaqi Intelligent and Litmus, the 
major subsidiaries of the Group which have material non-controlling interests (“NCI”). The summarised financial 
information presented below represents the amounts before any inter-company elimination.
CCRTT Investment Huaqi Intelligent Litmus
2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Effective NCI percentage 30% 30% 8.56% 8.56% 49% 49%
Revenue – – 692,755 711,992 52,494 104,178
Profit for the year 786 413 88,349 80,403 6,786 11,759
Profit attributable to NCI 236 124 7,563 9,821 3,325 5,762
Non-current assets 72,179 78,386 224,063 228,969 6,785 8,776
Current assets 3,531 3,362 1,234,165 1,261,185 108,883 124,738
Current liabilities 290 60 419,646 428,833 51,543 67,571
Non-current liabilities – – 9,348 9,553 4,115 5,441
Net assets 75,420 81,688 1,029,234 1,051,768 60,010 60,502
Net assets attributable to NCI 22,626 24,506 88,102 90,031 29,405 29,646
Dividends paid to NCI – 2,106 2,105 – 3,223 –
Cash flow from operating activities (157) 3,930 39,991 (128,165) 8,321 15,722
Cash flow from investing activities 334 2,700 428 25,850 (123) (211)
Cash flow from financing activities – (8,020) (1,651) 112,761 (6,577) –
15 INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Interests in joint ventures 322,673 319,669
Interests in associates 62,757 60,456
385,430 380,125
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 123 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024122
15 INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
The following list contains the particulars of joint ventures and associates, all of which are unlisted corporate 
entities whose quoted market price is not available:
Proportion of
ownership interest
Name of joint venture/
associate Note
Place of
establishment
and operations
Particulars of 
registered and 
paid up capital
The Group’s
effective
interest
Held
by the
Company
Held
by a
subsidiary Principal activities
Joint ventures
Beijing Metro Science and 
Technology Development 
Co., Ltd. (“Metro Science and 
Technology”)*
ʮ̡
(i) The PRC RMB30,000,000 49.00% 
(2023:
 49.00%)
– 49.00%
(2023: 
49.00%)
Maintenance of application 
solutions for the networking 
and controlling systems of 
public transport companies
Beijing Metro Co., Ltd. 
(“Beijing Metro”)*
ʮ̡
(ii) The PRC RMB500,000,000 49.00% 
(2023: 
49.00%)
49.00% 
(2023: 
49.00%)
– Subway operations 
management
Beijing Cornerstone Chuangying 
Investment Management Centre 
(Limited Liability Partnership) 
(“Chuangying Centre”)*
ҳ༟၍ଣʕː
Υྫ
(iv) The PRC RMB200,000,000 –
(2023: 
20.00%)
––
(2023: 
20.00%)
Management of assets and 
investment
Associates
Baoding Cornerstone Lianying 
Venture Capital Investment 
Fund Centre (Limited Liability 
Partnership)*
ʕː
Υྫ
(iii) The PRC RMB298,000,000 8.39%
(2023: 
8.39%)
– 8.39%
(2023: 
8.39%)
Investment holding
Suzhou YQK Electronic 
Technology Co., Ltd.* 
(“Suzhou YQK”)
ʮ̡
(iii) 
and (v)
The PRC RMB15,000,000 13.33%
(2023:
 13.94%)
– 13.33%
(2023: 
13.94%)
Research and Production of 
“on-board PIS” products
Suzhou Shida Xunyuan Electronic 
Technology Co., Ltd.*
ʮ̡
(iii) The PRC RMB6,400,000 20.00%
(2023: 
20.00%)
– 20.00%
(2023: 
20.00%)
Production of railway 
accessories
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 124 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 123
Proportion of
ownership interest
Name of joint venture/
associate Note
Place of
establishment
and operations
Particulars of 
registered and 
paid up capital
The Group’s
effective
interest
Held
by the
Company
Held
by a
subsidiary Principal activities
Associates (continued)
Zhongci Jiangsu Transportation 
Industry Co., Ltd.*
ʮ̡
(iii) The PRC RMB7,771,529 25.73%
(2023: 
25.73%)
– 25.73%
(2023: 
25.73%)
Production of railway 
accessories
Tianjin Wuyang Zhitong Intelligent 
Technology Co., Ltd.*
ʮ̡
(iii) The PRC RMB10,000,000 49.00%
(2023: 
49.00%)
– 49.00%
(2023: 
49.00%)
Production of railway 
accessories
Beijing Smart TOD Technology 
Development Co., Ltd.*
ʮ̡
(iii) The PRC RMB20,000,000 32.00%
(2023:
 32.00%)
– 32.00%
(2023: 
32.00%)
Technology promotion and 
application services
* The official name of the entity is in Chinese. The English name is for identification purpose only.
Notes:
(i) Metro Science and Technology was established on 18 February 2016 in Beijing by the Group through a subsidiary and 
a major metro operating company, which is another joint venture, to provide maintenance and application solutions for 
the networking and control systems of public transport in Mainland China. Metro Science and Technology is a private 
company, and its market price is not available.
In addition, Metro Science and Technology has been subsequently disposed on 27 March 2025. Further details in events 
after the reporting period is set out in Note 33.
(ii) Beijing Metro was established on 15 February 2016 in Beijing by the Company and a major metro operating company, 
which is another joint venture, to implement operational management of metro lines in Beijing. Beijing Metro is a private 
company, and its market price is not publicly available.
(iii) According to the investment agreements or articles of these companies, the Group has rights to designate one or more 
directors in these companies.
(iv) The Group is a limited partner of Chuangying Centre, which is a partnership entity and has two other limited partners. 
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Chuangying Centre completed its liquidation process, resulting in a loss 
of approximately HK$110,000.
(v) In September 2024, upon additional capital contribution made by one of the shareholders of Suzhou YQK, the registered 
capital of Suzhou YQK was increased from approximately RMB14,350,000 to approximately RMB15,000,000. The 
Group’s equity interest in Suzhou YQK was therefore diluted from 13.94% to 13.33%, resulting in a loss on deemed 
disposal of approximately HK$23,000.
(vi) During the year ended 31 December 2023, an associate, Guangdong Zhongcheng Transportation Technology Co., Ltd., 
was disposed of for a consideration of RMB6,920,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$7,680,000), resulting in a gain on 
disposal of approximately HK$2,514,000.
All of the above joint ventures and associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated 
financial statements.
15 INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
The following list contains the particulars of joint ventures and associates, all of which are unlisted corporate 
entities whose quoted market price is not available: (continued)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 125 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024124
15 INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
Summarised financial information of the material joint ventures, adjusted for any differences in accounting 
policies, and reconciled to the carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed below:
Metro Science
and Technology Beijing Metro
2024 2023 2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Gross amounts of the joint ventures
Current assets 351,566 426,250 365,943 359,144
Non-current assets 9,435 13,468 1,146,303 1,224,452
Current liabilities 213,551 289,487 99,708 117,737
Non-current liabilities 145 – 899,889 965,571
Net assets 147,305 150,231 512,649 500,288
Included in the above assets and liabilities:
Cash and cash equivalents 131,011 134,728 147,796 38,434
Current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other 
payables and provisions) 9,768 12,589 208 211
Revenue 403,313 406,886 420,744 409,965
Profit and total comprehensive (expense)/income for 
the year ended 31 December (2,167) (13,107) 16,234 (25,232)
Dividend from joint ventures 372 2,700 1,898 886
Included in the above profit:
Depreciation 1,280 882 1,448 1,434
Interest income 955 8 1,142 132
Interest expense – – 33,849 38,412
Income tax 186 (1,296) 10,476 8,924
Reconciled to the Group’s interests in the joint 
ventures
Gross amounts of the joint ventures’ net assets 147,305 150,231 512,649 500,288
Group’s effective interest 49% 49% 49% 49%
Carrying amounts in the consolidated 
financial statements 72,179 73,613 251,198 245,141
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 126 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 125
15 INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
Aggregate information of joints ventures and associates that are not individually material are listed below:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial joint ventures and 
associates in the consolidated financial statements 62,053 61,371
Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of those joint ventures and 
associates’ profit 8,007 7,527
16 OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
2024 2023
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Non-current assets
Financial assets measured at FVPL
– Be ijing Cornerstone Huiying Venture Capital 
Investment Centre (Limited Liability Partnership) 
(“Cornerstone Huiying”)*
Υྫ (i) 34,250 36,263
– Yo udao Technology Co., Ltd. (“Youdao Technology”)*
ʮ̡ (ii) 33,553 40,672
67,803 76,935
Equity securities designated at FVOCI (non-recycling)
– Be ijing Ruubypay Science and Technology Co., Ltd. 
(“Ruubypay”)*
ʮ̡ (iii) 129,584 125,800
197,387 202,735
* The official name of the entity is Chinese. The English name is for identification purpose only.
Notes:
(i) The Group holds 5% (2023: 5%) ownership interest in Cornerstone Huiying, which was established on 19 August 2020 
and engaged in providing equity investment services.
(ii) The Group holds 7.14% (2023: 7.14%) ownership interest in Youdao Technology, which was established on 10 March 
2016 and engaged in providing education services regarding rail transit. The investment in Youdao Technology is 
redeemable at the option of the Group in case of occurrence of certain triggering events.
(iii) The Group hold 9.59% (2023: 9.59%) ownership interest in Ruubypay, which was established on 3 March 2017 and 
engaged in providing mobile payment technology and information service solutions in the field of public transport travel. 
Given the investment strategy of the Group, the directors of the Company designated the investment in Ruubypay as 
FVOCI (non-recycling).
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 127 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024126
17 INVENTORIES
(a) Inventories in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Application solution related software, hardware and spare parts 419,140 357,291
Materials to be assigned to services contracts 31,996 6,465
451,136 363,756
(b) The analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as expenses and included in 
profit or loss during the year is as follows:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Carrying amount of inventories sold 686,479 751,371
Write down of inventories, net 758 2,343
Cost of inventories 687,237 753,714
All of the inventories are expected to be recovered within one year.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 128 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 127
18 CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES
(a) Contract assets
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Contract assets
Arising from performance under contracts with customers 783,893 763,482
Less: loss allowance (48,837) (49,220)
735,056 714,262
Receivables from contracts with customers within 
the scope of IFRS 15, which are included 
in “Trade and other receivables” (Note 19) 983,954 806,874
Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract assets recognised are as follows:
The Group’s service contracts include payment schedules which require stage payments over the service 
period once milestones are reached. These payment schedules prevent the build-up of significant contract 
assets. The Group typically agrees to a one to three years retention period after the performance of sales 
contracts, during which credit term may be granted to customers for retentions receivable, depending on 
the market practice of the industry and credit assessment carried out by management on an individual 
customer basis.
The amount of contract assets that is expected to be recovered after more than one year is HK$78,432,000 
(2023: HK$134,204,000), all of which relates to retentions.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 129 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024128
18 CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)
(b) Contract liabilities
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Contract liabilities
Service contracts
– Billings in advance of performance 38,604 45,800
When the Group receives a deposit before the production activity commences this will give rise to contract 
liabilities at the start of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the project exceeds the amount of the 
deposit.
MOVEMENTS IN CONTRACT LIABILITIES
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Balance at 1 January 45,800 39,702
Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue 
during the year that was included in the contract liabilities 
at the beginning of the year (45,499) (39,358)
Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billing in advance 
of service 39,190 46,059
Exchange adjustments (887) (603)
Balance at 31 December 38,604 45,800
The amount of contract liabilities expected to be recognised as income within one year is HK$38,604,000 
(2023: HK$45,800,000).
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 130 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 129
19 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Trade receivables 1,031,338 843,551
Bills receivable 230,281 263,771
1,261,619 1,107,322
Less: loss allowance (47,981) (37,573)
Trade and bills receivables, net of loss allowance 1,213,638 1,069,749
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables 65,681 72,780
Less: loss allowance (9,980) (8,821)
55,701 63,959
Value-added tax recoverable 16,425 12,335
1,285,764 1,146,043
All of the trade and other receivables are expected to be settled or recognised as expenses within one year.
As at 31 December 2024, trade and bills receivables amounted to HK$28,262,000 (2023: Nil) have been pledged 
as security for the Group’s other borrowings (see Note 23).
As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade receivables and bills receivables, based on the 
invoice date after loss allowance, is as follows:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Within 1 year 974,117 869,741
Over 1 year 239,521 200,008
1,213,638 1,069,749
All trade receivables are due for payment upon issuance of demand note and all bills receivable are with a 
mandatory period of less than one year. Further details on the Group’s credit policy and credit risk arising from 
trade receivables are set out in Note 30(a).
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 131 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024130
20 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
(a) Cash and cash equivalents comprise:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Cash on hand and at bank 725,439 568,331
Restricted bank deposits 35,765 128,799
Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of 
financial position 761,204 697,130
Less: restricted bank deposits (35,765) (128,799)
Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of 
cash flows 725,439 568,331
The Group’s operations in Mainland China are conducted in RMB. RMB is not a freely convertible currency 
and the remittance of RMB out of Mainland China is subject to the relevant rules and regulations of foreign 
exchange control promulgated by the PRC government.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 132 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 131
20 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION 
(CONTINUED)
(b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and 
non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or 
future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from 
financing activities.
Bank 
borrowings
Other
 borrowings
Lease 
liabilities
Interest 
payable Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
(Note 22) (Note 23) (Note 24)
At 1 January 2023 83,930 300,000 39,858 143 423,931
Changes from financing cash flows for 2023:
Proceeds of bank borrowings 92,390 – – – 92,390
Repayment of bank borrowings (98,740) – – – (98,740)
Repayment of other borrowings – (45,000) – – (45,000)
Capital element of lease rentals paid – – (20,403) – (20,403)
Interest element of lease rentals paid – – (2,040) – (2,040)
Interest paid – – – (8,437) (8,437)
Total changes from financing cash flows (6,350) (45,000) (22,443) (8,437) (82,230)
Other changes:
Increase in lease liabilities – – 27,591 – 27,591
Lease modification – – (3,930) – (3,930)
Early termination of leases – – (3,443) – (3,443)
Interest expense (Note 6(a)) – – 2,040 8,416 10,456
Exchange adjustments (1,159) – (764) – (1,923)
Total other changes (1,159) – 21,494 8,416 28,751
At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024 76,421 255,000 38,909 122 370,452
Changes from financing cash flows for 2024:
Proceeds of bank borrowings 103,747 – – – 103,747
Repayment of bank borrowings (75,918) – – – (75,918)
Proceeds of other borrowings – 28,690 – – 28,690
Capital element of lease rentals paid – – (16,595) – (16,595)
Interest element of lease rentals paid – – (1,859) – (1,859)
Interest paid – – – (7,399) (7,399)
Total changes from financing cash flows 27,829 28,690 (18,454) (7,399) 30,666
Other changes:
Net increase in lease liabilities – – 18,485 – 18,485
Lease modification – – (717) – (717)
Early termination of leases – – (1,461) – (1,461)
Interest expense (Note 6(a)) – – 1,859 8,025 9,884
Exchange adjustments (2,743) (428) (91) – (3,262)
Total other changes (2,743) (428) 18,075 8,025 22,929
At 31 December 2024 101,507 283,262 38,530 748 424,047
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 133 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024132
20 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION 
(CONTINUED)
(c) Total cash outflow for leases
Amounts included in the consolidated statement of cash flows for leases comprise the following:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Within operating cash flows 909 5,357
Within financing cash flows 18,454 22,443
19,363 27,800
These amounts relate to the following:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Lease rentals paid 19,363 27,800
21 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Trade payables 1,016,485 845,980
Bills payable 77,081 70,532
Trade and bills payables 1,093,566 916,512
Accrued expenses and other payables 123,804 106,954
Consideration payable for acquisition of non-controlling interests – 607
Consideration payable for acquisition of a subsidiary 80,730 82,498
Other taxes payables 58,820 32,903
1,356,920 1,139,474
All of the trade and other payables are expected to be settled or recognised as income within one year or are 
repayable on demand.
As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade and bills payables, based on the maturity date, is 
as follows:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Due within 1 month or on demand 1,026,820 867,007
Due after 1 month but within 6 months 66,746 49,505
1,093,566 916,512
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 134 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 133
22 BANK BORROWINGS
All of the bank borrowings are unguaranteed, unsecured and are repayable within one year. Except for the 
balance HK$10,799,000 (2023: Nil) bears a variable interest rate at Loan Prime Rate plus 65 basis points, the 
remaining bank borrowings bear a fixed interest rate at 2.8% (2023: ranging from 3.20% to 3.80%) per annum.
Some of the Group’s bank borrowings are subject to fulfilment of covenants commonly found in lending 
agreements with financial institutions. If the Group were to breach the covenants, the drawn down borrowings 
would become payable on demand. The Group’s management regularly monitors its compliance with these 
covenants. Further details of the covenants and the Group’s management of liquidity risk are set out in Note 
30(b). As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, none of the covenants relating to the drawn down facilities has been 
breached.
23 OTHER BORROWINGS
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Current liabilities
Factoring loans (Note (i)) 28,262 –
Other borrowing (Note (ii)) – 255,000
28,262 255,000
Non-current liabilities
Other borrowing (Note (ii)) 255,000 –
Total 283,262 255,000
Notes:
(i) The factoring loans are unguaranteed and secured by the trade and bills receivable amounting to HK$28,262,000 (2023: 
Nil) (Note 19), bear fixed interest rates ranging from 1.74% to 5.50% (2023: Nil) per annum and are repayable within 
one year.
(ii) Other borrowing of HK$255,000,000 as at 31 December 2023 was secured by the Company’s 51% of equity interests 
in a subsidiary, interest-bearing at a fixed interest rate at 1.72% per annum and was repayable in 2024. The Company 
entered into a loan agreement on 14 October 2024 with the lender to renew the borrowing terms. Since then, the 
borrowing is secured by the Company’s 30% of equity interests in a subsidiary, interest-bearing at a variable interest rate 
at 1 month Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate (“HIBOR”) plus 70 basis points per annum and is payable in 2027.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 135 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024134
24 LEASE LIABILITIES
As 31 December 2024, the lease liabilities were repayable as follows:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Within 1 year 18,287 14,074
After 1 year but within 2 years 14,099 13,266
After 2 years but within 5 years 6,144 11,569
20,243 24,835
38,530 38,909
25 PROVISION FOR WARRANTIES
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
At 1 January 9,281 14,005
Additional provision made 7,224 2,992
Provision utilised (6,937) (7,542)
Exchange adjustments (202) (174)
At 31 December 9,366 9,281
Less: amount included under “current liabilities” (5,165) (4,952)
4,201 4,329
The above represents the warranty costs for repairs, which are estimated based on assumptions about the 
anticipated rates. The Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the data to the 
calculation, based on the Group’s prevailing aftersales service policies, the sales volume and the past experience 
of the level of repairs and replacement. The estimation basis is reviewed on an ongoing basis and revised where 
appropriate. Any increase or decrease in the provision would affect profit or loss in future years.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 136 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 135
26 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
(a) Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised:
(I) MOVEMENT OF EACH COMPONENT OF DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
The component of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statement of financial 
position and the movements during the year are as follows:
Deferred tax arising from:
Amortisation
and
depreciation
expenses in 
excess of
the tax
allowances Accruals
Credit
losses
allowance
Write-down
of inventories
Impairment
of property
plant and
equipment
Tax
difference
in other
equity
security
Deferred
income
Provision
for
warranties
Right-of-use
assets
Lease
liabilities Tax losses
Fair value
adjustments
on intangible
assets and
related
amortisation Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Balance at 1 January 2023 1,571 1,474 12,244 2,092 3,008 11,159 298 2,100 (5,858) 5,858 – (43,924) (9,978)
Exchange adjustments (19) (24) (180) (30) (43) (102) (2) (26) 80 (80) (58) 623 139
(Charged)/credited to the 
consolidated statement of profit 
or loss (Note 7(a)) (563) 132 1,064 180 – (806) (296) (682) 407 (433) 10,306 509 9,818
Charged to other comprehensive 
income – –––– (9,037) –––––– (9,037)
Balance at 31 December 2023 and
1 January 2024 989 1,582 13,128 2,242 2,965 1,214 – 1,392 (5,371) 5,345 10,248 (42,792) (9,058)
Exchange adjustments (12) (6) (304) (50) (63) (11) (5) (33) 113 (116) (302) 859 70
(Charged)/credited to the 
consolidated statement of profit 
or loss (Note 7(a)) (609) (1,140) 1,537 114 – (9) 329 45 127 61 5,542 3,824 9,821
Charged to other comprehensive 
income – – – – – (987) – ––––– (987)
Balance at 31 December 2024 368 436 14,361 2,306 2,902 207 324 1,404 (5,131) 5,290 15,488 (38,109) (154)
(II) RECONCILIATION TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Net deferred tax asset in the consolidated statement of 
financial position 33,536 29,026
Net deferred tax liability in the consolidated statement of 
financial position (33,690) (38,084)
(154) (9,058)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 137 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024136
26 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
(CONTINUED)
(b) Deferred tax assets not recognised
As at 31 December 2024, the Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of unused tax 
losses, impairment provision and accruals arising from certain subsidiaries of HK$107,319,000 (2023: 
HK$68,542,000) as it is not probable that future taxable profits against which the losses or deductible 
temporary difference can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and entity. Except 
for the amount of HK$42,526,000 (2023: HK$27,131,000) which will not expire under the relevant tax 
legislation, the remaining unused tax losses of HK$44,515,000 (2023: HK$38,778,000) at 31 December 
2024 will expire in one to ten years (2023: one to ten years).
(c) Deferred tax liabilities not recognised
At 31 December 2024, temporary differences relating to the retained profits of the subsidiaries established 
in Mainland China amounted to HK$759,196,000 (2023: HK$683,915,000) of which no deferred tax 
liabilities in respect of the tax that would be payable on the distribution of these profits was provided as the 
Company controls the dividend policy of these subsidiaries and it has been determined that it is probable 
that such profits will not be distributed in the foreseeable future.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 138 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 137
27 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS
(a) Movements in components of equity
The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s 
consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in 
the Company’s individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out 
below:
Share
capital
Share
premium
Capital
reserve
Accumulated
losses Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
(Note 27(c)) (Note 27(d)(i)) (Note 27(d)(ii))
Balance at 1 January 2023 20,971 1,662,190 52,991 (37,708) 1,698,444
Changes in equity for 2023:
Total comprehensive expense – – – (1,376) (1,376)
Dividends declared in respect of the 
previous year (Note 27(b)(ii)) – (54,526) – – (54,526)
Balance at 31 December 2023 and
1 January 2024 20,971 1,607,664 52,991 (39,084) 1,642,542
Changes in equity for 2024:
Total comprehensive expense – – – (12,808) (12,808)
Dividends declared in respect of the 
previous year (Note 27(b)(ii)) – (52,429) – – (52,429)
At 31 December 2024 20,971 1,555,235 52,991 (51,892) 1,577,305
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 139 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024138
27 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
(b) Dividends
(I) DIVIDENDS PAYABLE TO EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE 
YEAR
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period 
of HK$2.4 cents (2023: HK$2.5 cents) per ordinary share 50,332 52,429
The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognised as a liability 
at the end of the reporting period.
(II) DIVIDENDS TO EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE PREVIOUS 
FINANCIAL YEAR, APPROVED DURING THE CURRENT YEAR
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, 
approved and paid during the year, of HK$2.5 cents
(2023: HK$2.6 cents) per ordinary share 52,429 54,526
(c) Share capital
AUTHORISED AND ISSUED SHARE CAPITAL
2024 2023
Number
of shares HK$’000
Number
of shares HK$’000
Authorised:
Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each 5,000,000,000 50,000 5,000,000,000 50,000
Issued and fully paid:
At 1 January and 31 December 2,097,146,727 20,971 2,097,146,727 20,971
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 140 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 139
27 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
(d) Nature and purpose of reserves
(I) SHARE PREMIUM
The application of the share premium account is governed by Section 34 of the Companies Law, 
Chapter 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands.
(II) CAPITAL RESERVE
The capital reserve mainly comprises: (i) the excess/deficiency of the carrying values of the controlling 
equity interests in subsidiaries acquired and the considerations paid under the reorganisation 
took place in 2011; (ii) the excess/deficiency of the considerations paid for/received from over the 
changes in the carrying amounts of non-controlling interests in the acquisitions of further interests in 
subsidiaries or disposal of partial interests in subsidiaries without change in control; (iii) the portion 
of the grant date fair value of unexercised share options granted to directors and equity shareholder 
of the Company and employees of the Group that has been recognised in accordance with the 
accounting policy adopted for share-based payments; and (iv) the share of the investee’s net assets 
changes, other than profit or loss or other comprehensive income and distributions received.
(III) STATUTORY RESERVES
In accordance with the articles of association of the subsidiaries established in the PRC (excluding 
Hong Kong), these subsidiaries were required to set up certain statutory reserves, which were non-
distributable. The transfers to these reserves are governed by the articles of association of the 
respective subsidiaries. The statutory reserves can only be utilised for predetermined means upon 
approval by the relevant authority.
(IV) EXCHANGE RESERVE
The exchange reserve comprises foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the 
financial statements of companies outside Hong Kong into the presentation currency. The reserve is 
dealt with in accordance with the accounting policy set out in Note 2(v).
(e) Capital management
The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as 
a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for equity shareholders and benefits for other 
stakeholders, by pricing products and services commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access 
to finance at a reasonable cost.
The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt including borrowings, net of cash and cash 
equivalents and equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company comprising issued equity, 
retained profits and other reserves.
The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a semi-annual basis. As part of this review, 
the directors consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. The Group will 
balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends as well as the issue of new debt or 
the redemption of existing debt.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 141 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024140
28 ACQUISITION OF NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
2023
HK$’000
Carrying amount of non-controlling interests acquired 1,889
Considerations payable (610)
An increase in equity attributable to owners of the Company 1,279
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group acquired additional equity interests in Beijing Cornerstone 
Vision Digital Technology Co., Ltd (“Beijing Cornerstone Vision”) for a consideration of RMB550,000 (equivalent 
to approximately HK$610,000). As a result, the Group’s effective equity interests in Beijing Cornerstone Vision 
has increased from 51% to 100%. The carrying amount of the non-controlling interests in the subsidiary on 
the date of acquisition was approximately HK$1,889,000. The Group recognised a decrease in non-controlling 
interests of approximately HK$1,889,000 and an increase in equity attributable to owners of the Company of 
approximately HK$1,279,000.
29 DEEMED PARTIAL DISPOSAL OF INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARY WITHOUT LOSING 
CONTROL
2023
HK$’000
Carrying amount of equity interest obtained by non-controlling interests (86,842)
Capital contributed by non-controlling interests 110,976
Excess of consideration received recognised within equity 24,134
On 8 August 2023, Huaqi Intelligent, a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a capital 
injection agreement with, among others, Suzhou Rail Transit Group Co., Ltd. (ʮ
̡), pursuant to which Suzhou Rail Transit agreed to a capital injection of RMB100,000,000 (equivalent to 
approximately HK$110,976,000) into Huaqi Intelligent in return for approximately 7.35% of the enlarged equity 
interest in Huaqi Intelligent. Accordingly, the Group’s effective equity interests in Huaqi Intelligent was diluted 
from 98.7% to approximately 91.44%. As a result, the Group recognised a decrease in equity attributable to 
the equity shareholders of the Company of approximately HK$24,134,000 and an increase in non-controlling 
interests of approximately HK$86,842,000.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 142 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 141
30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s business. 
The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group 
to manage these risks are described below.
(a) Credit risk
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a 
financial loss to the Group.
The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade, bills and other receivables, and contract assets. 
Management has a credit policy in place and the exposure to this credit risk is monitored on an ongoing 
basis.
The credit risk on cash at bank and pledged bank deposits is limited as the counterparties are banks with 
sound credit standing.
TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES AND CONTRACT ASSETS
The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer 
rather than the industry or country in which the customers operate and therefore significant concentrations 
of credit risk primarily arise when the Group has significant exposure to individual customers. At the end 
of the reporting period, 7% (2023: 3%) and 27% (2023: 15%) of the total trade and bills receivables and 
contract assets were due from the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers respectively.
Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These 
evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to 
pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic 
environment in which the customer operates. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from 
customers.
The Group does not provide any other guarantees that would expose the Group to credit risk.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 143 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024142
30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
(a) Credit risk (continued)
TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES AND CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
Bills receivable
For bills receivable, the Group grouped bills receivable in accordance with credit risk characteristics and 
calculated the expected credit loss on a portfolio basis.
Portfolio Credit risk characteristics
Bank acceptance bills Credit risk is characterised by the credit rating of the accepting 
bank in the bank acceptance bills
Commercial acceptance bills Credit risk is characterised by the credit rating of the accepting 
company in the commercial acceptance bills
For bank acceptance bills, the credit risk is limited because the bills are guaranteed by banks for payments 
and the banks are creditworthy financial institutions in the PRC. The movement in the impairment losses 
amount in respect of commercial acceptance bills during the year is as follow:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Balance at 1 January 896 –
(Reversal of impairment loss)/impairment loss recognised
during the year (284) 901
Exchange adjustments (15) (5)
Balance at 31 December 597 896
Trade receivables and contract assets
The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets at an amount equal to lifetime 
ECLs, which is calculated using a provision matrix or based on the probability of default with reference to 
available market information, taking into account any credit enhancement. For trade receivables or contract 
assets that are individually significant with objective evidence that the credit risk is obviously different from 
others, ECL is measured on an individual basis.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 144 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 143
30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
(a) Credit risk (continued)
TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES AND CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
Trade receivables and contract assets (continued)
The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade 
receivables and contract assets:
As at 31 December 2024
Average 
expected 
 loss rate 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Loss 
allowance 
% HK$’000 HK$’000
Trade receivables
Within 1 year 1.14% 752,991 (8,557)
More than 1 year but within 2 years 3.41% 189,901 (6,471)
More than 2 years 36.58% 88,446 (32,356)
1,031,338 (47,384)
Contract assets 6.23% 783,893 (48,837)
1,815,231 (96,221)
As at 31 December 2023
Average 
expected 
 loss rate 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Loss 
allowance 
% HK$’000 HK$’000
Trade receivables
Within 1 year 1.36% 614,732 (8,336)
More than 1 year but within 2 years 5.20% 134,256 (6,986)
More than 2 years 22.58% 94,563 (21,355)
843,551 (36,677)
Contract assets 6.45% 763,482 (49,220)
1,607,033 (85,897)
The expected loss rate is calculated based on actual loss experience over the past three to five years. These 
ratios are adjusted to reflect differences in the economic environment during the periods in which the 
historical data is collected, the current environment and the Group’s view of the economic environment 
over the expected lives of the receivables.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 145 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024144
30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
(a) Credit risk (continued)
TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES AND CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
Trade receivables and contract assets (continued)
Movements in the loss allowance amount in respect of trade receivables and contract assets during the year 
are as follows:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Balance at 1 January 85,897 87,130
Impairment loss recognised during the year 12,363 6
Exchange adjustments (2,039) (1,239)
Balance at 31 December 96,221 85,897
OTHER RECEIVABLES
For other receivables, the management makes periodic individual assessment on the recoverability of other 
receivables based on historical settlement records, past experience, and also quantitative and qualitative 
information that is reasonable and supportive forward-looking information.
Movements in the loss allowance account in respect of other receivables during the year are as follows:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Balance at 1 January 6,685 229
Impairment loss recognised during the year 1,368 6,496
Exchange adjustments (164) (40)
Balance at 31 December 7,889 6,685
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 146 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 145
30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
(b) Liquidity risk
The Company is responsible for the Group’s overall cash management and the raising of borrowings to 
cover expected cash demands. The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its current and expected liquidity 
requirements, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet its liquidity requirements in the 
short and longer term.
As disclosed in Note 22, all of the Group’s banking facilities are subject to the fulfilment of covenants. 
Some of those relating to the Group’s financial metrics which are tested periodically, as are commonly 
found in lending arrangements with financial institutions. If the Group were to breach the covenants the 
related loans would become payable on demand. The Group did not identify any difficulties complying with 
the covenants. Information about the covenants for those bank loans classified as current at the end of the 
reporting period is set out below:
Loan Carrying amount Covenant(s)
Timing to comply with
the covenant(s)
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Loan A – 15,118 (i) The debt-to-asset 
ratio should not 
exceed 60%.
At the end of each quarter 
of financial year
(ii) The current ratio 
should not be lower 
than 1.5.
At the end of each quarter 
of financial year
Loan B 15,118 – (i) The debt-to-asset 
ratio should not 
exceed 60%.
At the end of each quarter 
of financial year
(ii) The current ratio 
should not be lower 
than 1.5.
At the end of each quarter 
of financial year
Loan C 15,118 – (i) The debt-to-asset 
ratio should not 
exceed 60%.
At the end of each quarter 
of financial year
(ii) The current ratio 
should not be lower 
than 1.5.
At the end of each quarter 
of financial year
Loan D 15,118 – (i) The debt-to-asset 
ratio should not 
exceed 60%.
At the end of each quarter 
of financial year
(ii) The current ratio 
should not be lower 
than 1.5.
At the end of each quarter 
of financial year
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 147 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024146
30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
(b) Liquidity risk (continued)
The following table details the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the 
Group’s financial liabilities which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows and the earliest dates 
the Group can be required to pay:
2024
Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
Within
1 year
or on
demand
More
than
1 year
but less
than
2 years
More
than
2 years
but less
than
5 years Total
Carrying 
amount
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Bank borrowings 103,134 – – 103,134 101,507
Other borrowings 41,805 13,464 267,689 322,958 283,262
Lease Liabilities 19,596 14,646 6,346 40,588 38,530
Trade and other payables 1,298,100 – – 1,298,100 1,298,100
1,462,635 28,110 274,035 1,764,780 1,721,399
2023
Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
Within
1 year
or on
demand
More
than
1 year
but less
than
2 years
More
than
2 years
but less
than
5 years Total
Carrying 
amount
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Bank borrowings 77,396 – – 77,396 76,421
Other borrowings 259,386 – – 259,386 255,000
Lease Liabilities 15,494 14,058 11,930 41,482 38,909
Trade and other payables 1,106,571 – – 1,106,571 1,106,571
1,458,847 14,058 11,930 1,484,835 1,476,901
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 148 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 147
30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
(c) Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in market interest rates. The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation 
to loans from a related party with a fixed-rate and other interest-bearing borrowings. Cash flow interest 
rate risk in relation to bank balances and restricted bank deposits is considered insignificant. Interest rate 
risk is managed by the management of the Group on an ongoing basis with the primary objective of 
limiting the extent to which interest expense could be affected by adverse movement in interest rates. The 
Group’s interest rate profile as monitored by management is set out in (i) below.
(I) INTEREST RATE RISK PROFILE
The following table details the interest rate risk profile of the Group’s borrowings at the end of the 
reporting period:
2024 2023
Effective
interest rate
Effective
interest rate
% HK$’000 % HK$’000
Fixed rate borrowings:
Lease liabilities 3.95%-5.14% 38,530 4.65%-5.14% 38,909
Bank borrowings 2.80% 90,708 3.20%-3.80% 76,421
Other borrowing 1.74%-5.50% 28,262 1.72% 255,000
157,500 370,330
Variable rate borrowings:
Bank borrowings 4.10% 10,799 N/A –
Other borrowing 5.28% 255,000 N/A –
265,799 N/A –
Total borrowings 423,299 370,330
Fixed rate borrowings as a 
percentage of total borrowings 37% 100%
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 149 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024148
30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
(c) Interest rate risk (continued)
(II) SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS
At 31 December 2024, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 50 basis points in interest 
rates, with all other variables held constant, would have decreased/increased the Group’s profit after 
tax and retained profits by approximately HK$1,105,000.
The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and 
retained profits) that would arise assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end 
of the reporting period and had been applied to re-measure those financial instruments held by the 
Group which expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk at the end of the reporting period.
Since the Group has no variable-rate borrowings at the end of 31 December 2023, no sensitivity 
analysis about interest rates risk is prepared.
(d) Currency risk
The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through cash and cash equivalents and other receivables 
that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e. a currency other than the functional currency of the 
operations to which the transactions relate. The currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily RMB, United 
States dollars (“USD”), Euro (“EUR”) and Canadian dollars (“CAN”).
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 150 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 149
30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
(d) Currency risk (continued)
(I) EXPOSURE TO CURRENCY RISK
The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk 
arising from recognised assets denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the 
entity to which they relate. For presentation purposes, the amounts of the exposure are shown in HK$, 
translated using the spot rates at the year end date. Differences resulting from the translation of the 
financial statements of foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency are excluded.
Exposure to foreign currencies (expressed in HK$)
2024
RMB
’000
HK$
’000
USD
’000
EUR
’000
CAN
’000
Cash and cash equivalents 111,720 843 13,151 1,366 –
Contract assets – 46 2,611 90 –
Trade and other receivables – 1,538 – 1,937 –
Gross exposure arising from recognised assets and liabilities 111,720 2,427 15,762 3,393 –
Exposure to foreign currencies (expressed in HK$)
2023
RMB
’000
HK$
’000
USD
’000
EUR
’000
CAN
’000
Cash and cash equivalents 24,924 931 110,260 5,465 3,902
Contract assets – – – – –
Trade and other receivables – 3,444 16,266 238 –
Gross exposure arising from recognised assets and liabilities 24,924 4,375 126,526 5,703 3,902
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 151 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024150
30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
(d) Currency risk (continued)
(II) SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS
The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after taxation and 
retained profits that would arise if foreign exchange rates to which the Group has significant exposure 
at the end of the reporting period had changed at that date, assuming all other risk variables remained 
constant.
2024 2023
Increase/
(decrease)
in foreign
exchange
rates
Increase/
(decrease)
in profit after
taxation and
retained
profits
Increase/
(decrease)
in foreign
exchange
rates
Increase/
(decrease)
in profit after
taxation and
retained
profits
HK$’000 HK$’000
RMB 10% 11,172 10% 2,492
(10%) (11,172) (10%) (2,492)
HK$ 10% 197 10% 344
(10%) (197) (10%) (344)
USD 10% 1,510 10% 12,040
(10%) (1,510) (10%) (12,040)
EUR 10% 254 10% 428
(10%) (254) (10%) (428)
CAN N/A – 10% 293
N/A – (10%) (293)
Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of the instantaneous 
effects on each of the Group entities’ profit after taxation and retained profits measured in the 
respective functional currencies, translated into HK$ at the exchange rates ruling at the end of the 
reporting period for presentation purposes.
The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied to 
re¬measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to foreign 
currency risk at the end of the reporting period, including inter-company receivables within the 
Group which are denominated in a currency other than the functional currencies of the borrower. 
The analysis excludes differences that would result from the translation of the financial statements of 
foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency. The analysis is performed on the same basis 
for 2023.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 152 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 151
30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
(e) Financial instruments measured at fair value
(I) FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY
The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end 
of the reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as 
defined in IFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified 
is determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation 
technique as follows:
• Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs, i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in 
active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date.
• Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs, i.e. observable inputs which fail to 
meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for 
which market data are not available.
• Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.
The Group has a team headed by the finance manager performing valuations for the financial 
instruments, including unlisted equity securities and contingent considerations which are categorised 
into Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The team reports directly to the Chief Financial Officer and the 
directors. A valuation report with analysis of changes in fair value measurement is prepared by the 
team at each interim and annual reporting date, and is reviewed and approved by the Chief Financial 
Officer. Discussion of the valuation process and results with the Chief Financial Officer and the 
directors is held twice a year, to coincide with the reporting dates.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 153 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024152
30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
(e) Financial instruments measured at fair value (continued)
(I) FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (CONTINUED)
Fair value at
31 December
2024
Fair value
measurement
as at
31 December
2024
categorised
into Level 3
HK$’000 HK$’000
Recurring fair value measurement
Financial assets:
Other financial assets measured at FVPL 67,803 67,803
Other financial assets designated at FVOCI 129,584 129,584
Financial liabilities:
Contingent considerations 1,955 1,955
Fair value at
31 December
2023
Fair value
measurement
as at
31 December
2023
categorised
into Level 3
HK$’000 HK$’000
Recurring fair value measurement
Financial assets:
Other financial assets measured at FVPL 76,935 76,935
Other financial assets designated at FVOCI 125,800 125,800
Financial liabilities:
Contingent considerations 1,998 1,998
During the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, there were no transfers between Level 1 and 
Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels 
of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 154 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 153
30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
(e) Financial instruments measured at fair value (continued)
(I) FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (CONTINUED)
The movements during the year in the balance of Level 3 fair value measurements are as follows:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Other financial assets measured at FVPL:
Balance at 1 January 76,935 70,475
Changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss
during the period (7,597) 7,505
Exchange adjustments (1,535) (1,045)
Balance at 31 December 67,803 76,935
Other financial assets designated at FVOCI:
Balance at 1 January 125,800 52,261
Distribution from joint venture – 14,455
Net unrealised gains or losses recognised in other 
comprehensive income 6,578 60,248
Exchange adjustments (2,794) (1,164)
Balance at 31 December 129,584 125,800
Contingent considerations payable:
Balance at 1 January 1,998 2,027
Exchange adjustments (43) (29)
Balance at 31 December 1,955 1,998
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 155 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024154
30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
(e) Financial instruments measured at fair value (continued)
(II) INFORMATION ABOUT LEVEL 3 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
Other financial assets measured at FVPL
The valuation model of the fair value of unlisted equity investment in Cornerstone Huiying is based on 
adjusted recent transaction price of the underlying investments or the market multiples (i.e. price to 
earnings multiples) from comparable listed companies, which is adjusted for the lack of marketability 
discounted at weighted average rate of 31.7% (2023: 29.7%) of the underlying investments.
The Group determines the fair value of unlisted equity investment in Youdao Technology is based on 
market multiples (i.e. price to earnings multiples) from comparable listed companies, which is adjusted 
for the lack of marketability discounted at weighted average rate of 31.5% (2023: 26.1%).
As at 31 December 2024, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, a decrease/increase 
in discount for lack of marketability by 1% would have increased/decreased the Group’s profit by 
HK$386,000 (2023: HK$473,000).
Other financial assets designated at FVOCI
The valuation model of the fair value of unlisted equity investment in Ruubypay is based on market 
multiples (i.e. enterprise value to earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation 
multiple/price to sales multiples) from comparable listed companies, which is adjusted for the lack 
of marketability discounted at weighted average rate of 31.5% (2023: 26.1%) of the underlying 
investments.
As at 31 December 2024, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, a decrease/
increase in discount for lack of marketability by 1% would have increased/decreased the Group’s other 
comprehensive income by HK$2,160,000 (2023: HK$2,207,000).
Contingent considerations:
The fair value of contingent considerations is determined using valuation model considering the 
present value of expected payable, discounted using a risk-free discount rate.
(f) Fair values of financial instruments carried at other than fair value
The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost are not 
materially different from their fair values at 31 December 2024 and 2023.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 156 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 155
31 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
In addition to those disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the material related party 
transactions entered into by the Group during the year are set out below.
(a) Key management personnel remuneration
Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the directors of the 
Company as disclosed in Note 8 and certain of the highest paid employees of the Group as disclosed in 
Note 9, is as follows:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Short-term employee benefits 9,108 9,301
Retirement scheme contributions 709 653
9,817 9,954
Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (see Note 6(b)).
(b) Related party transactions
TRANSACTIONS WITH ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Interest expense 4,975 4,969
Revenue from intelligent passenger information services 77,019 62,790
Revenue from data and integration services 299,427 287,795
Revenue from intelligent infrastructure 31,004 14,097
Purchases of goods and service 40,068 45,198
Expense relating to short-term lease 4,204 2,175
TRANSACTIONS WITH JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Purchases of goods and services 142,746 180,091
Revenue from intelligent passenger information services 7,181 4,701
Revenue from data and integration services 1,735 –
Dividends 2,818 19,732
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 157 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024156
31 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
(c) Related party balances
BALANCES WITH ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Trade receivables 153,469 88,854
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables 4,308 5,726
Contract liabilities 21,842 30,978
Trade payable 40,497 47,073
Accrued expenses and other payables 1,934 2,837
Other borrowings 260,669 255,000
BALANCES WITH JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Trade receivables 5,075 4,746
Contract assets 2,839 –
Trade payables 14,509 49,490
Except for other borrowing which is secured, interest bearing and repayable according to the relevant 
contract terms (see Note 23), all the above balances are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand 
or according to the relevant contract terms.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 158 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 157
31 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
(d) Transactions with other state-controlled entities in the PRC
The ultimate holding company of the Company, Beijing Infrastructure Investment Co., Ltd. (“BII”), is an 
enterprise controlled by the PRC government. Apart from transactions with BII and its affiliates which 
were disclosed in Notes 31(b) and 31(c) above, the Group also has transactions with other state-controlled 
entities, included but not limited to the following:
• provision of hardware and software products and services of high-speed railways, intercity railways, 
suburban railways and metro system;
• provision of hardware and software products and services of intelligent railways transportation and 
intelligent operation and maintenance;
• provision of information system services of civil communication transmission systems, utility tunnel 
areas and integrated transportation hubs;
• bank deposits;
• bank borrowings; and
• purchase of other financial assets.
The above transactions were entered into in the Group’s ordinary course of business. The pricing and 
the selection of suppliers, service providers and financial institutions are not dependent on whether the 
counterparties are state-controlled entities or not. The directors of the Company are of the view that 
separate disclosures of these transactions would not be meaningful.
In the opinion of the management of the Group, the above transactions are collectively significant 
transactions of the Group with state-controlled enterprises controlled by the PRC government.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 159 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024158
32 THE COMPANY’S STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
2024 2023
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Non-current assets
Investments in subsidiaries 14 570,757 570,757
Interest in a joint venture 294,735 294,735
865,492 865,492
Current assets
Other receivables 887,554 906,949
Cash and cash equivalents 122,754 130,382
1,010,308 1,037,331
Current liabilities
Other borrowing – 255,000
Accrued expenses and other payables 43,495 5,281
43,495 260,281
Net current assets 966,813 777,050
Total assets less current liabilities 1,832,305 1,642,542
Non-current liability
Other borrowing 255,000 –
NET ASSETS 1,577,305 1,642,542
CAPITAL AND RESERVES 27
Share capital 20,971 20,971
Reserves 1,556,334 1,621,571
TOTAL EQUITY 1,577,305 1,642,542
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 160 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited   Annual Report 2024 159
33 EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
On 27 March 2025, the Group disposed all 49% of its interests in joint venture, Metro Science and Technology, 
in consideration of approximately RMB68,332,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$73,789,000).
34 IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY
As at 31 December 2024, the directors of the Company consider the immediate and ultimate controlling party 
of the Company to be Beijing Infrastructure Investment (Hong Kong) Limited, a company incorporated in Hong 
Kong, and BII, a company established in the PRC, respectively. Neither of these companies produces financial 
statements available for public use.
35 POSSIBLE IMPACTS OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS 
ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the IASB has issued a number of new or amended 
standards, which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2024 and which have not been adopted 
in these consolidated financial statements. These developments include the following which may be relevant to 
the Group.
Effective for
accounting periods
beginning on or after
Amendments to IAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates
– Lack of exchangeability
1 January 2025
Amendments to IFRS 9, Financial instruments and IFRS 7, Financial instruments: 
disclosures – Amendments to the classification and measurement of financial 
instruments
1 January 2026
Annual improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11 1 January 2026
Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7, Contracts Referencing 
Nature-dependent Electricity
1 January 2026
IFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements 1 January 2027
The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected 
to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that except for the new or amended standards 
mentioned below, the adoption of all other new or amended standards is unlikely to have a significant impact on 
the consolidated financial statements.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 161 ---
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited  Annual Report 2024160
35 POSSIBLE IMPACTS OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS 
ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024 
(CONTINUED)
IFRS 18 “Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements” (“IFRS 18”)
IFRS 18 sets out requirements on presentation and disclosures in financial statements and will replace IAS 1 
“Presentation of Financial Statements” (“IAS 1”) and this new IFRS Accounting Standard, while carrying forward 
many of the requirements in IAS 1, introduces new requirements to present specified categories and defined 
subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on management-defined performance measures 
in the notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation and disaggregation of information to be 
disclosed in the financial statements. In addition, some IAS 1 paragraphs have been moved to IAS 8 “Accounting 
Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors” and IFRS 7. Minor amendments to IAS 7 “Statement of 
Cash Flows” and IAS 33 “Earnings per Share” are also made.
IFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 
January 2027, with early application permitted. The application of the new standard is expected to affect the 
presentation of the statement of profit or loss and disclosures in the future financial statements. The Group is in 
the process of assessing the detailed impact of IFRS 18 on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

--- Page 162 ---
This annual report is printed on environmental friendly paper