

===== PAGE 1 =====
2 0 2 5
ANNUAL REPORT
Sustainable Development

===== PAGE 2 =====
CONTENTS
Corporate Information 2
Company Overview 3
Financial Highlights 5
Chairman’s Statement 6
Management Discussion and Analysis 9
Risk Factor Analysis 21
Investor Relations 22
Biographical Details of Directors and 24
Senior Management
Directors’ Report 31
Corporate Governance Report 43
Definitions 60
Independent Auditor’s Report 63
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 70
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and 71
Other Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 72
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 74
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 76
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 78

===== PAGE 3 =====
CORPORATE INFORMATION
BOARD OF DIRECTORS LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE COMPANY
Executive Directors Chiu & Partners
Mr. Liu Yu (Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. Zhao Jingyuan PRINCIPAL BANKER
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation
Non-Executive Directors
Limited
Mr. Ren Yuhang (Chairman)
Mr. Wang Daomin
REGISTERED OFFICE
Mr. Li Zheng
Harneys Fiduciary (Cayman) Limited
Mr. Cao Mingda
4th Floor, Harbour Place,
Independent Non-Executive Directors 103 South Church Street,
Mr. Luo Zhenbang (CPA) P.O. Box 10240,
Mr. Huang Lixin Grand Cayman KY1-1002,
Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia Cayman Islands
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
PURSUANT TO RULE 3.05 OF THE BUSINESS IN THE PRC
LISTING RULES Tower 2, Fusheng Building, No. 4 Huixin East Street,
Mr. Liu Yu Chaoyang District, Beijing, China
Ms. Ng Ka Man
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
COMPANY SECRETARY IN HONG KONG
Ms. Ng Ka Man Rm 2502, 25/F, Tower 1,
Mr. Liu Yefei
Enterprise Square Five,
38 Wang Chiu Road,
AUDIT COMMITTEE
Kowloon Bay, Hong Kong
Mr. Luo Zhenbang (CPA) (Chairman)
Mr. Huang Lixin
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia
TRANSFER OFFICE IN CAYMAN ISLANDS
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE Harneys Fiduciary (Cayman) Limited
Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia (Chairman) 4th Floor, Harbour Place,
Mr. Ren Yuhang 103 South Church Street,
Mr. Huang Lixin P.O. Box 10240,
Grand Cayman KY1-1002,
NOMINATION COMMITTEE Cayman Islands
Mr. Ren Yuhang (Chairman)
Mr. Huang Lixin BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia
TRANSFER OFFICE IN HONG KONG
Tricor Investor Services Limited
ESG COMMITTEE
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
Mr. Ren Yuhang (Chairman)
16 Harcourt Road
Mr. Liu Yu
Hong Kong
Mr. Luo Zhenbang (CPA)
AUDITORS WEBSITE
Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited www.biitt.cn
Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance
with the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council STOCK CODE
Ordinance 1522
2 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 4 =====
COMPANY OVERVIEW
COMPANY INTRODUCTION
The Group is a high-tech enterprise specialising in the field of intelligent railway transportation development,
operation and maintenance, technology research and development (“R&D”), and investment and financing. The
Company was listed on the Growth Enterprise Market (GEM) of the Stock Exchange on 16 May 2012 and transferred
to Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 6 December 2013, with the stock code of 1522.HK.
The Group’s mission is to empower railway transportation with intelligent technology and integrated innovation
and it aims to become China’s leading intelligent rail transit system service provider”, by building a technological
ecosystem which provides system solutions throughout the life cycle for rail transit development, as well as a world-
class intelligent rail transit leader.
Intelligent The intelligent passenger information services business primarily focuses on passenger
Passenger mobility scenarios covering areas such as high-speed railways, intercity railways, suburban
Information railways, and metro. Its main products include integrated PIS, on-board integrated cloud-
Services based platform, comprehensive monitoring and other hardware and software products and
Business solutions.
The digital-intelligent urban rail transit services business primarily serves subway owners
Digital-
and operators, focusing on scenarios such as the construction and operation of railway
Intelligent
transportation. The business scope encompasses Automatic Fare Collection System (AFC),
Urban Rail
Traffic Control Centre or Centralised Operation Control Centre (TCC, COCC), weak current
Transit
and communication system integration services, as well as intelligent software and hardware
Services
products and services such as cloud platforms for railways and big data solutions for urban
Business
railways.
Building on the civil communication and “intelligent+” businesses and with an aim to provide
Innovative
a one-stop intelligent infrastructure services for global clients, the innovative development
Development
business will leverage its current Hong Kong international business gateway to explore the
Business
innovative incremental business through engineering support, technical services and so on.
Strategic Objectives
Position:
Mission:
focus on integrated innovation and
empower the railway transportation by
become China’s leading rail transit
intelligent technology
intelligent system service provider
Strategic Themes
One Subject:
One Platform:
strengthen and optimise One Centre:
collaborative development,
the main business with innovate and upgrade,
create a strategic investment Intelligent Passenger
build an intelligent product
and control platform for Information Services,
standard system, and
collaborative innovation and Digital-Intelligent Urban
Rail Transit Services, and create a technological
win-win
Innovative Development innovation ecology
development
as the core
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 3

===== PAGE 5 =====
Company Overview (continued)
MARKET STRATEGY
The Group attained fruitful results by adhering to its market strategy of maintaining a strong foothold in Beijing and
Hong Kong, stepping up its presence nationwide, and exploring international markets.
As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s businesses covered 65 cities in 28 provinces, municipalities, autonomous
regions and special administrative regions in China, where it provided products and services, including Intelligent
Passenger Information Services, Digital-Intelligent Urban Rail Transit Services Business, and Intelligent Infrastructure. As
for overseas market, it has expanded into 32 cities in 21 overseas countries and regions.
SUMMARY WITH FIGURES
The Group concentrated on Its businesses covered
railway transportation for
21 65 32
YEARS CITIES CITIES
in Mainland China and overseas in 21 countries and regions
It owned and As at 31 December 2025, the orders on hand of the
Group was approximately
169 703 3 . 1 4
HK$
BILLION
PATENTS SOFTWARE COPYRIGHTS
AWARDS AND QUALIFICATIONS IN 2025
First Prize of Science and First Prize of Science and Second Prize of Beijing
Technology Progress Award, Technology Award, China Science and Technology
China Association of Urban Communications and Progress Award
Rail Transit Transportation Association
First Prize of Science and Jiangsu Provincial Advanced
Technology Progress Award Intelligent Factory
of Beijing Rail Transit Society
4 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 6 =====
(Note)
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
For the year ended 31 December
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Key profit or loss items
(HK$ Thousand)
Revenue 1,775,748 1,656,773 1,637,181 1,638,948 1,749,210
Gross profit 593,538 619,687 591,007 586,299 647,526
Earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization 257,914 277,413 300,859 307,322 318,475
Profit attributable to equity
shareholders of the Company 133,974 167,604 174,313 179,252 187,535
As at 31 December
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Key statement of financial
position items
(HK$ Thousand)
Non-current assets 1,543,826 1,599,956 1,586,428 1,561,167 1,582,939
Current assets 3,533,909 3,233,160 2,922,255 2,842,593 2,833,723
Total assets 5,077,735 4,833,116 4,508,683 4,403,760 4,416,662
Total liabilities 1,970,575 1,892,173 1,629,834 1,753,967 1,644,768
Equity attributable to equity
shareholders of the Company 2,930,091 2,775,601 2,707,818 2,573,415 2,660,160
Financial year 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Return to shareholders
Earnings per share
– Basic (HK$ cent) 6.4 8.0 8.3 8.5 8.9
– Diluted (HK$ cent) 6.4 8.0 8.3 8.5 8.9
Dividend per share (HK$ cent) 2.0 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7
Net assets per share (HK$) 1.5 1.4 1.4 1.3 1.3
Revenue Gross profit Profit attributable Basic earnings per share
(HK$ Thousand) (HK$ Thousand) to equity shareholders (HK$ cent)
of the Company
(HK$ Thousand)
20000 10
15000
10000
5000
0 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 0 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
Note: HK$/RMB average exchange rate for 2025 was approximately 0.9153 and for 2024 was approximately 0.9122 respectively,
representing an increase of approximately 0.3%.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 5

===== PAGE 7 =====
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Maintain strategic adherence
Strengthen innovative drivers
Achieve steady and
long lasting progress
Mr. Ren Yuhang
Chairman
Dear Shareholders, partners and colleagues, Despite a challenging year marked by slowing industry
growth and structural shifts in rail transportation, we
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to remained steadfast in our strategic vision. By prioritizing
present the annual results of the Group for FY2025. smart, international development and leveraging
technological innovation as our core engine, we have
successfully integrated cutting-edge solutions across our
operations. Aligning with national strategies and the
surge in AI-led innovation, we achieved steady revenue
growth and reinforced our market leadership, layering
a solid foundation towards the “15th Five-Year-Plan”.
In the future, we will continuously strengthen our core
competitiveness and strive to be a leading intelligent rail
service provider in China, fueling the next generation of
high-quality industry growth.
6 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 8 =====
Chairman’s Statement (continued)
STRATEGIC DEVELOPMENT reductions across all rail scenarios. Our capital operations
The railway transportation industry is at a pivotal proceeded steadily; by divesting non-core assets and
crossroads, driven by digital upgrading, green optimizing our investment portfolio, we sharpened our
transformation, and independent innovation. Embracing focus on primary business lines, enhanced the efficiency
these shifts, the Group remains committed to our core of capital allocation and solidified the foundation of
philosophy “business-oriented growth, innovation-driven capital and resources for high-quality development.
development and efficient management”, fulfilling the Ultimately, in 2025, the Group’s diligent execution of
mission of empowering railway transportation with the Board’s strategy consolidated our core operations,
intelligent technology. We continued to advance the advanced its emerging initiatives in an orderly manner
“3+2” business framework: focusing on enhancing and sustained our innovation momentum, delivering a
quality and efficiency improvements in the three robust operational performance.
core businesses of intelligent passenger information
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND SOCIAL
services, digital-intelligence urban rail services business,
RESPONSIBILITY
and innovative development. Simultaneously, we are
strengthening our R&D and capital management to The Group remains steadfast in its philosophy of
serve as vital support platforms. By embedding AI across ‘Empowering with Technology, Committing with
all operational scenarios, we are ensuring the effective Responsibility’. We integrate social responsibility into
execution of our strategic initiatives and driving high- our core operations, ensuring strict compliance with
quality growth. the Listing Rules of the Stock Exchange and all relevant
governance codes. By aligning with key regulatory
Under the Board’s strategic guidance, the Group’s priorities – specifically Board effectiveness and the climate
focus on core sectors and innovative practices has risk disclosure requirements – we continue to generate
demonstrated remarkable business resilience. Our sustainable and long-term value for our shareholders,
Intelligent Passenger Information Services (PIS) customers, employees, and society at large.
maintained its domestic market leadership for the
tenth consecutive year. Internationally, we successfully During the year 2025, the Group proactively adopted the
entered the Moroccan market, further expanding our Stock Exchange’s 2025 enhanced corporate governance
global footprint. Simultaneously, our digital-intelligence and ESG standards. We successfully implemented critical
urban rail services accelerated their national expansion governance updates, including mandatory Director
by adding several key city nodes. By leveraging a training, a hard cap on the tenure of Independent Non-
intelligent urban rail data middle-platform powered by Executive Directors (INEDs) and Board diversity, which
big data and cloud computing, we transformed data into advanced the standardization of the Board, completed
tangible value and strengthened our brand reach. Our the changes in Board members, and strengthened
innovative development business also navigated policy the Directors’ ability to perform duties in an orderly
changes through a proactive transformation – upgrading manner. Furthermore, by adhering to timely information
traditional civil communications and securing new orders disclosure, we have improved the management of
in edge computing to optimize our business structure. related-parties transaction and inside information, and
Furthermore, R&D breakthroughs and the rapid continuously optimizing our governance structure and
deployment of AI products, with a focus on identifying enhancing the effectiveness of Directors’ performance.
business needs, have driven efficiency and cost We have solidified the Board’s central role in “Setting
strategies, Making decisions, Mitigating risks”.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 7

===== PAGE 9 =====
Chairman’s Statement (continued)
The Group has diligently pursued six medium- and PROSPECTS
long-term ESG objectives, leveraging a robust three- The year 2026 serves as the inaugural chapter of the
tier governance structure comprising the Board of “15th Five-Year Plan”, signaling a pivotal transition for
Directors, the ESG Committee, and the ESG Working the railway transportation industry from rapid network
Group. We are in full compliance with the new HKEX expansion to quality-driven stock enhancement. The
ESG Reporting Code, which mandates the disclosure of Board of Directors will continue to lead the Group in
Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. remaining true to its original mission of “empowering
Furthermore, we have aligned our reporting with ISSB railway transportation development with intelligent
standards (IFRS S2) by clearly defining our Scope 3 technology” and upholding its strategic position of
emission boundaries, providing a data-driven foundation “focusing on integrated innovation to become a leading
for our sustainability efforts. Adhering to the highest domestic intelligent system service provider for railway
ethical standards, the Group seamlessly integrates transportation”. We will closely follow the industry’s
core ESG concepts – including low-carbon protection, development trends of digital and intelligent upgrading,
innovation-led development, and workplace safety – green transformation, and independent innovation.
into our primary business lines. We prioritize rigorous By maintaining strategic focus and deepening our
quality control, the protection of employee rights, and commitment to core tracks, we strive to steadily enhance
impactful social welfare initiatives. Our commitment to operational quality and innovation efficiency. We are
excellence was recognized in 2025 when our ESG report, committed to delivering higher quality products and
prepared under Board guidance, earned a four-and- solutions to customers and communities, creating stable,
a-half-star rating in the ‘Beijing State-controlled Listed sustainable investment returns and long-term value for
Companies ESG Pioneer 30 Index’. Ranking among all Shareholders.
the top performers for three consecutive years, this
accolade reflects our growing prestige and leadership in APPRECIATION
sustainable development. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to
extend my most sincere gratitude to all employees and
RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
the management team for their professionalism, diligence
In 2025, the Group recorded revenue of approximately and enterprise, and for their unwavering commitment to
HK$1,775.7 million and profit attributable to equity excellence and continuous improvement over the past
shareholders of approximately HK$134.0 million. year. I would also like to express my heartfelt thanks to
The Board recommended the payment of a dividend our valued customers, business partners, friends from all
of HK$0.02 per share for FY2025, amounting to walks of life, as well as our shareholders and investors
approximately HK$41.9 million in total, with a dividend for their long-term trust and support of the Company’s
payout ratio of 31.3%, subject to the approval at the development.
2026 AGM. The Group has declared cash dividends for
the ninth consecutive year, fulfilling its commitment to We pursue truth-driven innovation and ambitious goals
sharing the development results of the Company with its to jointly build a win-win and smart future.
Shareholders.
8 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 10 =====
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Mr. Liu Yu
Chief Executive Officer
MARKET AND BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT
The Group focuses on railway transportation and intelligent infrastructure, leveraging intelligent technology to drive
industry development. As the Group’s primary source of revenue, the development trend of the railway transportation
industry is closely linked to the Group’s business environment.
In 2025, the railway transportation industry in Chinese Mainland continued to grow under high-quality development
guidelines, despite a slowdown in growth rates. In the domestic railway sector, according to data from the China
National Railway Group, national railway fixed-asset investment reached approximately RMB901.5 billion, representing
a year-on-year increase of approximately 6.0%. Aggregate passenger trips by railway in Chinese Mainland was
approximately 4.26 billion, representing an increase of approximately 4.2% as compared to the same period last
year. In the urban rail sector, data from the China Association of Metros indicates that 24 cities in Chinese Mainland
inaugurated new lines, new sections or extensions in 2025, contributing 910.80 kilometres of operational mileage.
According to preliminary estimates, total passenger volume of all-format urban rail transit systems will reach a new
peak of over 34.0 billion in 2025.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 9

===== PAGE 11 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
Against a backdrop of slowing industry growth, the policy environment and market landscapes in which the Group
operates are undergoing profound shifts. In 2025, urban rail construction approvals continued to tighten, with
quantitative assessment indicators comprehensively refined, shifting the industry’s focus from rapid expansion by
construction to enhancement of existing rail lines. In specific sub-sectors, policy shifts have pressured profit margins
in the Group’s metro civil communications business; on the other hand, market orders are increasingly shifting
towards integrated and intelligent solutions, and the demand from various project owners for integrated intelligent
solutions continues to rise. This shift is accelerating a restructuring of the industry’s competitive landscape. Driven by
both regulatory changes and market demand, the next growth phase will be fueled by the renovation and efficiency
enhancement of existing rail systems, with a strategic focus on intelligence, green-application, and autonomy. To
navigate these structural transitions, the Group will prioritize stability while sharpening core capabilities – fortifying its
current market position while pioneering new avenues for sustainable growth.
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
In 2025, facing the complex situation of slowing growth and structural adjustment in the railway transportation
industry, as well as the operational pressure from targeted policies in areas such as civil communications, the Group
leveraged its potential to ensure operational stability. In 2025, the Group recorded revenue of approximately
HK$1,775.7 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 7.2%. Gross profit margin was
approximately 33.4%, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 4 percentage points. Profit attributable
to equity shareholders amounted to approximately HK$134.0 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of
approximately 20.1%.
During the Period, in order to further optimise the strategy and expand future business growth points, the Group
integrated BII Transit Systems (HK) Co., Ltd (京投交通科技（香港）有限公司) (“BII-TSHK”) with its international
business and the intelligent infrastructure business segment to form the “Innovative Development Business segment”.
In addition, to further promote and reflect the in-depth application of big data, artificial intelligence, and large
language model in the rail transit industry, the original “Data and Integration Services Business segment” was
renamed to the “Digital-Intelligence Urban Rail Services Business segment”.
In 2025, the Group insisted on its market strategy of “relying on Beijing and Hong Kong, stepping up its presence
nationwide, and exploring international markets”, and continued to intensify its expansion efforts in various
market segments. Domestically, benefiting from the rapid development of new businesses such as cryptographic
evaluation, the business presence was expanded to 10 new cities, including Guiyang, Guizhou and Shijiazhuang,
Hebei. Internationally, the Group entered the Moroccan market for the first time, continuously expanding its market
footprint. To date, the Group’s business covers 65 cities in the Chinese Mainland and 32 cities in 21 overseas
countries and regions. As of the end of 2025, the Group’s orders on hand amounted to approximately HK$3.14
billion, remaining basically stable as compared with the same period last year.
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue
The Group recorded revenue of approximately HK$1,775.7 million in FY2025, representing a year-on-year increase of
approximately 7.2%. Revenue was mainly derived from the three core businesses: intelligent passenger information
services business, digital-intelligence urban rail services business and innovative development business, which
amounted to approximately HK$765.7 million, HK$688.6 million and HK$321.5 million respectively, accounting for
approximately 43.1%, 38.8% and 18.1%, respectively.
10 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 12 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
Revenue derived from the intelligent passenger information services business during the Period was approximately
HK$765.7 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately HK$31.3 million (on a consistent business
classification basis) or approximately 4.3%. The revenue increase was mainly due to the Rail Transit Line 22 (Pinggu
Line) integrated monitoring project reaching the delivery stage. This alignment with the project’s implementation cycle
led to higher revenue as compared with the same period last year.
Revenue derived from the digital-intelligence urban rail services business during the Period was approximately
HK$688.6 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately HK$173.0 million or approximately 33.5%.
This was mainly due to the concentrated revenue recognition for key projects, including the Dongguan Urban Rail
Transit Line 1 Phase I project and Line 13 capacity expansion and enhancement project, with a larger number of
projects reaching the revenue recognition stage during the Period.
Revenue derived from the innovative development business for the Period was approximately HK$321.5 million,
representing a decrease of approximately HK$85.3 million (on a consistent business classification basis) or
approximately 21.0% as compared with the same period last year. This performance was largely impacted by
regulated fee reductions in the civil communication sector that took effect during the Period.
By geographical region, the Group mainly operates its businesses in Chinese Mainland. In FY2025, the Group recorded
revenue of approximately HK$1,705.8 million in Chinese Mainland, representing an increase of approximately
HK$109.6 million or approximately 6.9% compared to the same period last year. This was driven by a higher volume
of project completions aligned with their respective implementation cycles during the Period as compared with the
same period last year. The Group recorded revenue of approximately HK$30.3 million from the Hong Kong market
during the Period, representing an increase of approximately HK$4.9 million or approximately 19.4% compared to the
same period last year, primarily contributed by projects related to Hong Kong’s public transport concession scheme
and system upgrade projects. The Group recorded revenue of approximately HK$39.6 million from the overseas
market during the Period, representing an increase of approximately 12.5% as compared with the same period
last year. In addition, based on project location classification, overseas projects recorded revenue of approximately
HK$63.4 million, representing an increase of approximately HK$12.2 million or approximately 23.8% as compared
with the same period last year. The growth in overseas market was primarily attributable to projects such as the Delhi
Metro in India, reaching the revenue recognition stage during the Period.
Cost of sales and gross profit
The Group’s cost of sales for FY2025 amounted to approximately HK$1,182.2 million, representing an increase of
approximately HK$145.1 million or approximately 14.0% as compared with the same period last year. The Group’s
gross profit was approximately HK$593.5 million, representing a decrease of approximately HK$26.1 million or
approximately 4.2% compared to the same period last year. This was mainly due to the faster growth in revenue
from integrated projects, which carry lower gross profit margins, coupled with a decrease in revenue from the civil
communication business, which carries higher gross profit margins, and changes in product revenue structure,
resulting in an overall increase in costs and a decline in gross profit during the Period.
Selling, general and administrative expenses
The Group’s selling, general and administrative expenses for FY2025 amounted to approximately HK$266.4 million
which remained stable as compared to the same period last year.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 11

===== PAGE 13 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
Impairment losses under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model
The Group’s impairment losses under the ECL model represent the impairment provision made by the Group in
accordance with the ECL rates prescribed by IFRS 9 for its trade receivables and contract assets.
For the year 2025, the Group’s impairment loss under the ECL model was approximately HK$11.4 million (2024:
HK$13.4 million).
As at the date of this report, trade receivables and contract assets of approximately HK$226.9 million as at 31
December 2025 have been subsequently settled. Based on the historical loss experience and the sound financial
background of the customers, management assessed that the expected credit loss allowances recognised as at 31
December 2025 were adequate.
Research and development (“R&D”) expenses
For FY2025, the Group’s R&D expenses amounted to approximately HK$166.7 million, representing an increase of
approximately HK$7.1 million or approximately 4.5% compared with the same period last year. This was mainly
due to intensified investment in fundamental research and innovative product development, alongside a strategic
expansion into AI technologies during the year.
Share of results of joint ventures and associates
The Group’s investment income for FY2025 was approximately HK$23.9 million, representing an increase of
approximately HK$2.1 million or approximately 9.4% compared to the same period last year, mainly due to the
improved performance of some joint ventures and associates during the Period.
Gains or losses on changes in fair value of other financial assets
The Group recorded losses on changes in fair value of approximately HK$9.3 million for FY2025. The change was
mainly due to changes in the fair value of the Group’s other financial assets, Youdao Technology and Cornerstone
Huiying.
Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Group
The profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Group was approximately HK$134.0 million in FY2025,
representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 20.1%. Earnings per share was HK$0.064, representing a year-
on-year decrease of approximately 20.1%.
Liquidity, financial and capital resources
Capital structure
As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s issued share capital consisted of 2,097,146,727 ordinary shares of HK$0.01
each (31 December 2024: 2,097,146,727 ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each).
Cash position
As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s cash and bank balances were approximately HK$820.6 million (31 December
2024: approximately HK$761.2 million). The increase was mainly due to the increase in net cash flows from operating
activities of the Group during the Period.
12 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 14 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
Borrowings and pledged assets of the Group
As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s borrowings were approximately HK$310.1 million (2024: approximately
HK$384.8 million), of which HK$165 million was derived from the borrowing from a subsidiary of BII, the Company’s
ultimate holding company, and the remaining was bank and other borrowings of approximately HK$145.1 million.
In respect of the Group’s borrowings of HK$165 million, as at 31 December 2025, the rights and interests in 20% of
the issued share capital of Great Legend Development Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, held by the
Company were charged in favour of a subsidiary of the ultimate holding company of the Company.
Working capital and debt-to-asset ratio
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had current assets of approximately HK$3,533.9 million (31 December 2024:
approximately HK$3,233.2 million), while its current liabilities were approximately HK$1,748.1 million (31 December
2024: approximately HK$1,575.8 million), resulting in net current assets of approximately HK$1,785.8 million (31
December 2024: approximately HK$1,657.4 million). As at 31 December 2025, the current ratio, calculated based on
current assets divided by current liabilities, was approximately 2.0 (31 December 2024: approximately 2.1).
Gearing ratio is calculated based on total debts at the end of a period divided by total assets at the end of such period
multiplied by 100%. As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s gearing ratio was 38.8% (31 December 2024: 39.2%).
Foreign exchange exposure
The Group has six main operating subsidiaries, with one established in Hong Kong and the remaining five registered
in the Chinese Mainland. All of these subsidiaries earn revenue and incur cost in their local currencies. The Directors
consider that the impact of foreign exchange exposure on the Group is minimal.
The Group currently does not engage in any hedging activities designated or intended to manage foreign exchange
rate risk. Therefore, the Group will closely monitor the exchange rate risk and interest rate risk concerned, actively
explore foreign exchange hedging options with major banks and use financial instruments to hedge against such risks
when necessary.
Contingent liabilities
As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities (31 December 2024: nil).
BUSINESS ANALYSIS BY SEGMENT
In 2025, the Group focused on its “3+2” strategic framework, vigorously pursuing market expansion and project
implementation, and consolidating the foundation of its three core businesses: intelligent passenger information
services business, digital-intelligence urban rail services business, and innovative development business. At the same
time, it optimised resource allocation through capital operations, empowered business upgrades and efficiency
improvements with AI-driven R&D, continuously enhanced its market competitiveness and service levels, and achieved
a high-quality conclusion to the “14th Five-Year Plan”.
Intelligent Passenger Information Services Business
The intelligent passenger information services business primarily focuses on passenger mobility scenarios including
high-speed, intercity, suburban and metro rail systems. Its main products include integrated PIS, on-board integrated
cloud-based platform, comprehensive monitoring and other hardware and software products and solutions.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 13

===== PAGE 15 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
Revenue derived from the intelligent passenger information services business during the Period was approximately
HK$765.7 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately HK$31.3 million or approximately 4.3%.
Gross profit was approximately HK$322.8 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 4.6%. Gross
profit margin was approximately 42.2% which remained basically stable as compared to last year.
During the Period, the Group strengthened its position in the domestic railway transportation market leveraging
its core competitive advantages. Notably, its on-board PIS system maintained the top in domestic market share for
the tenth consecutive year. During the Period, the Group successfully signed the comprehensive monitoring system
integration and PIS system project for Beijing Metro Line 22, with a total amount of approximately RMB81.10 million.
The project will feature on-board edge cloud technology, enabling real-time monitoring of vehicle operating status
and passenger behaviour, as well as automatic reporting of abnormal information, which significantly improves
safety and emergency response efficiency. Meanwhile, the Group secured its first integrated monitoring project
outside Beijing – the comprehensive monitoring system project for Urumqi Metro Line 2, with a contract value of
approximately RMB29.16 million, further deepening the regional market layout of its business. In addition, the Group
actively explored data security, expanding its commercial cryptographic evaluation services business to nine additional
cities, achieving positive results in business extension and scenario expansion.
In the overseas markets, the Group made steady advancement in global market development. During the Period,
the Group successfully entered the Moroccan market, securing the on-board PIS system project for electric multiple
units (EMU) in Morocco with a contract value of approximately RMB17.89 million. In existing markets such as Brazil,
Malaysia, and India, the Group successively won new orders, including an EMU on-board PIS project in Brazil with
a contract value of approximately RMB59.29 million, further consolidating its business presence in regional markets
such as Southeast Asia and South America.
In 2025, the Group focused on the R&D of core technologies and the deployment of scenario-based solutions,
playing a key role in domestic rail transit development. The Group supported the successful launch of over ten new
lines in cities including Beijing, Shenzhen, Jinan, Chengdu, Dongguan, and Xuzhou. Customised intelligent railway
transportation solutions were created for different line operation characteristics and scenario needs: a dedicated on-
board passenger information system was developed for Jinan’s first tram line across the Yellow River, the Jiyang Line,
featuring special optimisations for functions like anti-fatigue driving alerts; a new on-board PIS system was configured
for Shenzhen Line 13, creating intelligent services such as bilingual displays tailored for cross-border travel; and a fully
integrated on-board and platform PIS solution in the region debuted on Chengdu Line 30, achieving seamless data
synchronisation between ground and vehicle systems. These projects underscore the Group’s technical capability and
adaptability in the intelligent rail sector.
Digital-Intelligence Urban Rail Services Business
The digital-intelligence urban rail services business primarily serves the metro owners and operators, focusing on
scenarios such as the construction and operation of railway transportation. Its scope encompasses Automatic Fare
Collection System (AFC), Traffic Control Centre or Centralised Operation Control Centre (TCC, COCC), low-voltage
and communication system integration services. The business provides intelligent software and hardware products
and services such as cloud platforms for railways and big data solutions for urban railways.
14 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 16 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
Revenue derived from the digital-intelligence urban rail services business during the Period was approximately
HK$688.6 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately HK$173.0 million or approximately 33.5%.
Gross profit reached approximately HK$127.4 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 25.0%.
Gross profit margin was approximately 18.5%, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 1.3 percentage
points.
In 2025, the Group strengthened its market-leading position, ranking among the top ten in domestic AFC market
share for the third consecutive year. During the Period, the Group successively secured several key projects. In terms
of communication integration, the Group secured the communication and AFC equipment integrated procurement
project for Urumqi Metro Line 2 Phase I project, with a contract value of approximately RMB170 million, marking the
first implementation of autonomous sub-system procurement and supplier management model for communication
integration projects outside Beijing. In terms of command and control, the Group successfully secured two projects,
namely the capacity expansion and enhancement project of Beijing Metro Line 13 and the integration of Beijing Metro
Line 6 Phase II (Southern Extension) into the control centre, with a total contract value of approximately RMB34.78
million, integrating multi-disciplinary systems including Automatic Train Supervision and Integrated Supervision and
Control System to ensure the smooth integration of newly adjusted lines into the control centre. In terms of intelligent
operation and maintenance, during the Period, the Group consecutively won projects including the underground
structure safety assurance and control platform, the expansion and upgrade of the subway intelligent operation and
maintenance platform, and the commercial complex intelligent integrated management platform. By leveraging its
core technology architecture of “data governance + IoT perception + rule engine + digital twin”, and integrating
the application of big data and AI large models, the Group has consistently enhanced operational efficiency while
reducing operating costs.
In 2025, multiple digital and intelligent urban railway service projects of the Group were successfully implemented,
continuously empowering the intelligent upgrading of various urban railway transportation lines: it facilitated the
opening of Beijing Metro Line 18, completing the integrated delivery of multiple professional systems such as AFC
and communications. It also facilitated the simultaneous commissioning of Jinan Metro Lines 4, 6, and 8, successfully
delivering a data sharing platform that aggregates data from multi-standard lines across the entire network, providing
core support for intelligent dispatching. Furthermore, the clearing system for Dongguan Metro Line 1, was successfully
implemented and established a critical link with existing Line 2, transitioning the city to a multi-line network. These
projects have further solidified the Group’s expertise in digital and intelligent rail technologies.
Innovative Development Business
Building on the civil communication and “intelligent+” businesses and with an aim to provide a one-stop intelligent
infrastructure services for global clients, the innovative development business will leverage its current Hong Kong
international business gateway to explore the innovative incremental business through engineering support, technical
services and so on.
Revenue derived from the innovative development business during the Period was approximately HK$321.5 million,
representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately HK$85.3 million or approximately 21.0%. Gross profit was
approximately HK$143.3 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 31.5%. Gross profit margin
was approximately 44.6%, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 6.8 percentage points. The
decrease in revenue was mainly due to the implementation of the fee reduction policy for the civil communication
business, which was reflected during the Period.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 15

===== PAGE 17 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
During the Period, the Group was notified of significant policy changes governing the civil communication business,
which will reduce and gradually abolish the operators’ usage fees for the civil communications transmission systems.
Meanwhile, the Group will no longer be responsible for the investment and construction costs for civil communication
in future lines. Against this backdrop, the Group, on the one hand, ensured the stable operation of existing civil
communication line facilities and successfully completed the construction of supporting civil communication
equipment and facilities for Beijing Metro Line 18, the middle section of Beijing Metro Line 17, and the south
extension of Line 6. On the other hand, the Group accelerated its strategic transition into high-growth sub-sectors
such as metro edge cloud, securing the Beijing Integrated Intelligent Network Services Project with a contract value
of approximately RMB56.52 million. Going forward, the Group will deepen its exploration of computing power
services, the Internet of Things, and park dedicated lines, actively responding to policy risks with a diversified business
presence, thereby consolidating the foundation for the long-term development of the civil communication business.
During the Period, the Group’s “intelligent+” business made steady progress in several key projects including the city’s
sub-centre hub and the new airport expressway. During the Period, leveraging the BII Park operation and maintenance
project, the Group successfully secured three BII Park renewal and renovation projects, achieving breakthrough
expansion in key products and technologies. Meanwhile, the Group’s self-developed smart fire protection
management platform was implemented in the Beijing Sub-centre transportation hub project. By integrating data
from various fire protection subsystems, video surveillance systems, and environmental monitoring systems, the
platform provides auxiliary decision-making analysis for fire prevention and control, ensuring early detection and
timely interruption of risks, thereby effectively safeguarding life and property.
In addition, leveraging its overseas resource advantages, the Group accelerated the development of BII-TSHK,
its international business gateway. During the Period, through actively engaging with potential customers and
cooperation resources, the Group achieved an initial breakthrough in expanding into the overseas technology service
market, laying a foundation for subsequent layout and expansion.
Investments Management
In 2025, the Group focused on optimising its investment portfolio and ecosystem by enhancement its post-investment
management through ‘streamlined policies and precise empowerment.’ By implementing a dynamic monitoring
mechanism, the Group gained insights into portfolio company operations, prioritising strategic synergy and resource
integration. At the same time, by dynamically optimising its portfolio and disposing of non-core assets, the Group
further prioritised its primary business tracks. This shift improved capital allocation efficiency and supported the long-
term sustainability of its industrial network.
To strengthen its strategic focus, the Group disposed of 49% equity interest in Beijing Metro Science and Technology
Development Co., Ltd.* (北京地鐵科技發展有限公司) (“Metro Technology”) to Beijing Subway Operation Co., Ltd.
(北京市地鐵運營有限公司) (“Beijing Subway”) by way of public tender on the China Beijing Equity Exchange in the
first half of the year. As at the date of this report, the Group no longer holds any equity interest in Metro Technology.
Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 13 February 2025 and 27 March 2025 for details.
The primary operating performance of companies in which the Group invested during the Period is as follows:
• Capital Metro continued to provide operation and management services for the Beijing Subway Capital Airport
Express and Shaoxing Metro Line 1 (including Hangzhou-Shaoxing section), and continuously improved the
operational service quality of the lines under its jurisdiction by optimizing and adjusting the line maintenance and
repair models. During the Period, the passenger traffic on the Capital Airport Express increased compared to last
year, contributing to a steady growth in both operating revenue and net profit of Capital Metro, bringing sound
investment income to the Group;
16 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 18 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
• SmartTOD Technology focused on its two core businesses of intelligent hubs and the dual-intelligence private
network, steadily advancing the sub-centre hub project. The platform application system was fully launched,
supporting the on-schedule opening of the sub-centre comprehensive transportation hub; it simultaneously
advanced the dual-intelligence private network project, completed the debugging of the resource integration
platform, and contributed to the construction of Beijing’s new smart city;
• Ruubypay continued to advance technological and business innovation, achieving the launch and production of
three intelligent systems for the AFC 2.0 system. Additionally, the company completed the R&D phase for the
Dongguan Metro ticketing platform, which has now officially entered the testing phase;
• Youdao Technology continued to enhance the integration of industry and education, successfully launching new
products such as the Digital-Intelligence Experiment Centre and completing system iterations. Additionally, the
company secured several bids and had delivered training base projects for various institutions;
• Cornerstone Lianying and Cornerstone Huiying have transitioned into exit period. A number of projects have
completed orderly divestments, contributing realized returns during the Period.
R&D and innovation
The Group upholds the core strategic concept of “R&D + Innovation,” targeting new requirements for the
development of new quality productive forces. It focuses on the trends of intelligence, integration, green application
and autonomy in the railway transportation industry, continuously improving its scientific research and innovation
system, advancing key technology breakthroughs, and accelerating product development and the commercialisation
of results. During the Period, the Group’s scientific research projects yielded fruitful results, the intellectual property
portfolio was continuously strengthened, and breakthroughs were achieved in the construction of the artificial
intelligence technology system, providing technical support for its business development.
In terms of R&D and innovation, the Group’s R&D activities were carried out in an orderly manner, with precise and
efficient resource investment. The Group continued to consolidate its technological foundation in traditional areas of
strength such as smart ticketing, smart operations, smart maintenance, big data, and intelligent application platforms,
while continuously expanding into emerging fields like security and smart lighting. A total of 26 product R&D projects
were advanced throughout the year, with 12 tested and completed. The major research project, “Key Technology
Research and Demonstration of Integrated Urban (Suburban) Railway and Urban Rail Transit Operation”, successfully
developed a prototype system for integrated billing and clearing. It overcame the challenge of multi-standard billing
and clearing algorithms, effectively addressing the issues of payment fairness for cross-standard travel and revenue
distribution among multiple operating entities, thereby reserving key technologies for the development of “four-
network integration”. In addition, the Group has proactively positioned itself in the field of artificial intelligence,
coordinating the advancement of AI technology R&D and scenario applications. It has deployed 13 key tasks centered
on scenarios such as railway transportation and enterprise management, resulting in 6 accepted invention patents, 7
software copyrights (including pending applications), 12 software and hardware systems, 5 professional knowledge
bases, and over 10 key achievements including computing platforms and knowledge graphs.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 17

===== PAGE 19 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
In terms of application and commercialisation, the Group accelerated the pace of transforming R&D achievements
into market value. During the Period, a total of 8 products were implemented or secured intent for application in 9
engineering projects. Among them, the comprehensive video analysis system was applied for intelligent passenger
control on Ningbo Metro Line 3; the AFC terminal equipment 2.0 resolved the compatibility issues of domestic chips
and systems and was successfully deployed in the Urumqi Metro; the deep-sensing fire protection & integrated
management platform was applied in the FAS project of the sub-centre hub. These technological achievements
comprehensively covered the main lines of the Group’s three core business segments, fully reflecting the close
integration of R&D and market demand. At the same time, the commercialisation of artificial intelligence applications
achieved a “dual breakthrough” in business and management. For customer service, the Group successfully
developed 8 professional intelligent applications, including smart customer service transparent screens, digital human
interactions, and public opinion monitoring agents, deeply empowering passenger services, operations dispatching,
equipment maintenance, and emergency response. For internal management, it launched 7 intelligent assistants, such
as a legal and audit agent and a document drafting assistant, significantly enhancing efficiency in functions such as
contract review, policy retrieval, and copywriting. These achievements were showcased at the Qingdao Rail Transit
Exhibition, initially establishing an AI R&D and application framework featuring “technology unification, resource
sharing, and scenario collaboration”, laying a solid foundation for the intelligent upgrading of the Company’s
products and the innovation of its business models.
In 2025, the Group’s R&D investment reached approximately HK$166.7 million, representing a year-on-year increase
of approximately 4.5%, mainly due to strengthened R&D on fundamental topics and innovative products, coupled
with increased investment in the AI field. During the Period, the Group newly obtained 21 patents (accumulating
169 valid patents) and 56 software copyrights (accumulating 703 valid software copyrights), and was honoured
with multiple awards including the Beijing Municipal Science and Technology Progress Award, the China Association
of Metros Science and Technology Progress Award, the China Communications and Transportation Association
Science and Technology Award, and the Beijing Railway Transportation Society Science and Technology Award. A
subsidiary of the Company, Huaqi Intelligent, was awarded the 2025 Jiangsu Provincial Advanced Smart Factory.
These achievements not only demonstrate the Group’s R&D strength but also mark a solid step forward in promoting
technological innovation in railway transportation.
BUSINESS PROSPECTS
Macro Environment Poised for Quality and Efficiency Enhancement
The year 2026 marks the launch of the 15th Five-Year Plan, a defining period for the PRC economy as it navigates
the transition to new growth drivers and deep structural adjustments. Against this backdrop, the 2026 Government
Work Report has reinforced the policy mandate of “seeking progress while maintaining stability” — with an
intensified focus on improving investment quality and efficiency. As a strategic sector that balances short-term
growth stabilisation with long-term structural transformation, rail transit and intelligent infrastructure remain central
to national policy. However, the traditional growth model driven by new construction is now yielding to the ‘Stock
Era,’ a new phase focused on optimising, upgrading, and extracting value from existing networks within the industry.
The market now demands higher standards for project lifecycle quality, operational efficiency, and the integration of
smart construction. This shift compels the entire industry chain to accelerate cost optimisation, quality upgrades, and
digital transformation. Amidst these changes, new opportunities are emerging: in this ‘Stock Era’, enterprises that
deeply embed themselves in specific application scenarios — while maintaining core technological advantages and
comprehensive solution capabilities — are well-positioned for a new phase of high-quality development and market
expansion.
18 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 20 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
Overseas Business Unlocking Growth Potential
As the domestic market shifts toward stock competition, overseas expansion has become a critical strategic pillar for
rail transit enterprises to bypass growth bottlenecks and capture new market share. In alignment with the ‘Belt and
Road’ initiative, China’s rail industry continues to deepen international cooperation through high-impact infrastructure
projects. The recent progress of flagship projects — including the China-Kyrgyzstan-Uzbekistan Railway, Chile’s
Batuco Railway, and Tanzania’s Central Line Standard Gauge Railway — underscores the global competitiveness
of the PRC’s rail transit value chain. Leading enterprises are now pivoting from equipment exports to system-level
exports, delivering technical standards, operational management, and full-lifecycle services. As demand for localised
services and collaborative expansion grows, the industry is poised to unlock significant new growth engines through
these integrated, high-value global systems.
Assets Upgrade and Renewal Trend
As the rail transit network expands and early-line equipment reaches the end of its service life, the demand for asset
maintenance is entering a period of concentrated release. Rolling stock is increasingly requiring intensive intermediate
and major overhauls, while aging issues in critical systems — such as signaling, power supply, and platform screen
doors — are becoming more pronounced. This is accelerating a shift from ‘corrective maintenance’ toward ‘predictive
maintenance’ and ‘systematic renewal’. This trend not only drives the replacement of legacy hardware but also creates
a vast market for AI-driven smart operation and management solutions. Consequently, the momentum for asset
renewal is opening a sustainable strategic growth path for enterprises with established green technologies and full-
lifecycle service capabilities.
MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS OR DISPOSALS DURING FY2025
On 27 March 2025, CCRTT Investment (an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) (as vendor) and
Beijing Subway (as purchaser) entered into an equity transfer agreement pursuant to which CCRTT Investment
disposed of 49% equity interests in Metro Technology at a consideration of RMB68,332,215 (equivalent to
approximately HK$74,208,785). Subsequent to the disposal, the Group ceased to hold any equity interests in Metro
Technology. Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 13 February 2025 and 27 March 2025 for
details.
SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD AND FUTURE PLANS
Capital Metro was established on 15 February 2016, and its equity interest was held by the Company and Beijing
Subway as to 49% and 51%, respectively. Its registered capital was RMB500 million of which RMB245.0 million was
contributed by the Company and RMB255.0 million was contributed by Beijing Subway which is an independent third
party. Capital Metro is principally engaged in investing, constructing, operating, managing subway lines, operating
value-added services and related property development, including managing the Operating Income Rights of Beijing
Subway Airport Express, Dongzhimen Terminal and new lines of the Beijing Subway.
Capital Metro is a non-public company whose quoted market price is not available. As of 31 December 2025, the
carrying amounts of Capital Metro in the Group’s consolidated financial statements by using equity method is
HK$270,007,737, accounting for approximately 5.3% of the Group’s total assets as at 31 December 2025. During
the Period, the Company received approximately HK$1.928 million dividends from Capital Metro.
Save as disclosed, there were no other significant investments held or other future plans for material investments or
capital assets during FY2025.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 19

===== PAGE 21 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
As at 31 December 2025, the Group employed a total of 627 employees (including executive Directors) (31 December
2024: 623). The total staff costs, including Directors’ remuneration, were approximately HK$289.6 million (FY2024:
approximately HK$290.6 million). The reason for the decrease was mainly due to the Group’s continuous optimisation
of its personnel structure.
The Group reviews remuneration package annually with reference to the prevailing market conditions and staff’s
working performance, qualification, and experience. In addition to basic remuneration, the Group also pays bonus
based on its performance and staff’s contribution to the Group. Other benefits include social insurance scheme in
China, provident fund, supplementary medical insurance in Mainland China, contribution to the MPF Scheme and
insurances in Hong Kong. The Group also organised professional and vocational trainings for its employees.
FINAL DIVIDEND
In view of the business growth of the Group and in response to the long term support of the Shareholders, the Board
recommended the declaration of a final dividend of HK$0.02 per share for FY2025 (FY2024: HK$0.024 per share).
The proposed final dividend will be payable to Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the
Company on Monday, 29 June 2026, subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the 2026 AGM to be held on 18
June 2026. It is expected that the final dividend will be paid on or before Friday, 18 September 2026.
MATTERS SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING PERIOD
Save for the events described under the paragraph headed “Final dividend” in this annual report, there is no other
material events after the reporting period as at the date of this report.
20 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 22 =====
RISK FACTOR ANALYSIS
INDUSTRY POLICY RISKS
In 2025, policies governing the rail transit industry continued to tighten, exerting pressure on the growth of traditional
businesses. On the one hand, the approval thresholds for urban rail projects have been further raised, with higher
requirements imposed on indicators including urban debt levels, capital contribution ratios, and population and
employment density along proposed lines. Consequently, the scale of new line construction has contracted, directly
impacting the tendering and bidding volume of the Group’s targeted market segments. On the other hand, as
policy priorities increasingly emphasise the universal provision of public services, the profit margins of the Group’s
civil communications business for metro systems have been systematically compressed. The Group will no longer
undertake investment and construction of new lines and 5G transmission systems, and will gradually phase out
traditional 4G services, resulting in structural adjustments to its related revenue streams. In response, the Group will
accelerate business restructuring, proactively expand diversified revenue sources, and enhance the resilience and
sustainability of its development.
MARKET COMPETITION RISKS
Competition in the rail transit market has intensified, and the Group faces severe competitive pressure both
domestically and overseas. Domestic customer demands have grown more sophisticated, with expectations extending
beyond system integration capability to cover full-life-cycle operation and maintenance, localised rapid response, and
one-stop integrated solutions. Upstream enterprises with stronger integration capabilities, supply chain coordination
and financial strength are accelerating their market entry, becoming direct competitors. Meanwhile, although overseas
markets offer growth potential, the international competitive landscape is complex, squeezed by the technological
and brand advantages of major international players, and affected by industry protectionism and trade barriers in
various jurisdictions. The industry as a whole faces common challenges in breaking through technical standard barriers
and enhancing localised service capabilities. Facing dual competitive pressures at home and abroad, the Group will
accelerate the building of a core competitiveness underpinned by the trinity of “technology + services + ecosystem”,
consolidate market positioning and customer loyalty in advantageous sectors, and steadily explore emerging markets
both domestically and internationally.
FUND RECOVERY RISKS
In 2025, China’s macroeconomy maintained a moderate recovery amid structural adjustments; however, local
government debt issues remain to be further resolved, exerting ongoing pressure on fiscal payment capacity. The
Group’s key customers comprise local rail operators and central state-owned enterprises, with a high proportion
of large-scale system integration projects. Its capital turnover efficiency is highly correlated with customers’ fiscal
payment capacity. Further divergence in customers’ fiscal payment ability or slower-than-expected disbursement of
government effective investment may lead to persistent pressure on project payment recovery, posing challenges to
the stability of revenue recognition and cash flow management. In response, the Group will further focus on core
businesses, strictly control project review, optimise its project portfolio, strengthen accounts receivable management
and payment recovery control, and continuously enhance business resilience.
TECHNOLOGY COMMERCIALISATION RISKS
The penetration of cutting-edge technologies such as artificial intelligence in the rail transit sector is currently
constrained by challenges including insufficient technological maturity and high costs of scenario adaptation. While
the upgrading of intelligent systems and large-scale deployment of new technologies are regarded as new drivers of
industry development, the commercialisation chain from research and development to application is lengthy, involving
critical links such as scenario adaptation, data governance and model iteration. In particular, the stability, safety
and generalisability of artificial intelligence technologies in complex rail transit scenarios remain to be verified, and
significant bottlenecks persist in large-scale promotion. Inefficient technology commercialisation, or failure to achieve
effective replication and rapid iteration across application scenarios, may directly impair returns on R&D investment,
erode core technological advantages, and even cause the Group to miss the critical window for industry intelligent
upgrading. In response, the Group will further increase R&D investment, leverage technological innovation as a driver,
accelerate the application and empowerment of new technologies including artificial intelligence in the rail transit
sector, and promote the rapid implementation and commercialisation of technologies.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 21

===== PAGE 23 =====
INVESTOR RELATIONS
INVESTOR RELATIONS
Communication with investors
Over the past year, we have maintained close contact with investors, continuously communicating with them through
online meetings, phone calls, face-to-face conversations, and other means, and answering questions about the
Group’s strategic direction, business development, prospects, and other concerns at any time.
In 2025, the Group has communicated with investors and analysts more than 50 times.
Channels to gain information
The Company ensures that all the investors can have access to the Company’s important information equally,
accurately and in time through its website. Investors can gain details about corporate governance, information
disclosure, stock information, roadshow and investment information, investor liaison, etc. on the Investor Relations
section of the Company’s website. They can also easily search and obtain annual reports together with other
company news. The specific communication methods are detailed in paragraphs, including “Investor Relations and
Communication with Shareholders” and “Shareholders’ Rights” in the Corporate Governance Report of this annual
report.
Financial summary for 2026
2025 annual results announcement 30 March 2026
2026 AGM 18 June 2026
Closing of register of members (in relation to the 2026 AGM) 15 June 2026 to 18 June 2026
(both days inclusive)
Closing of register of members (in relation to dividend distribution) 25 June 2026 to 29 June 2026
(both days inclusive)
Distribution of final dividend for 2025 HK$41,942,934.54
2026 interim results announcement August 2026
End of financial year
Dividend performance
Dividend per Share
Final dividend per ordinary Share for FY2023 HK$0.025 per Share
Final dividend per ordinary Share for FY2024 HK$0.024 per Share
Final dividend per ordinary Share for FY2025 HK$0.02 per Share
Dividend policy
After the Board took comprehensive consideration of strategic planning, business expansion, operation management,
dividend payout and other factors, the Group has adopted a dividend policy which it believes is a sustainable, stable
and scientific return mechanism for Shareholders. The mid-to-long-term dividend payout ratio will not be lower than
30% in principle, which will provide Shareholders with tangible returns. The specific dividend allocation will depend
on the annual results, cash flows and other factors, subject to the approval of Shareholders at the relevant annual
general meeting.
22 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 24 =====
Investor Relations (continued)
Shareholding as of 31 December 2025
Ordinary Shares
Total number of issued Shares 2,097,146,727
Market value
As of 31 December 2025, HK$713.03 million (closing price as at 31 December 2025: HK$0.340)
Key ratios
P/E ratio* (Market Price per Common Share/Earnings per Common Share) 5.32
P/B ratio* (Market Price per Common Share/Net Assets per Common Share) 0.23
Net profit margin (Profit Attributable to Equity shareholders of the Company/Revenue × 100%) 7.5%
Return on equity (Profit Attributable to Equity shareholders of the Company/Average total equity × 100%) 4.4%
Dividend yield* (Dividend per Common Share/Market price per Common Share × 100%) 5.9%
* According to the closing price on 31 December 2025
Stock information
Stock code
The Stock Exchange 1522
Reuters 1522.HK
Bloomberg 1522 HK
ISIN KYG1267V1005
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 23

===== PAGE 25 =====
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS
AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
LIU Yu (劉瑜), Mr. Liu, aged 52, joined the Group in May 2013 and was appointed as Vice President of the Group in
July 2014. He was appointed as an executive Director on 30 November 2022, and was appointed as Chief Executive
Officer and member of the Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Committee on 21 March 2023.
From June 1996 to April 2001, Mr. Liu served as project manager of the Intelligent Transportation Division of
Tsinghua Unigroup Co., Ltd. From April 2001 to July 2005, Mr. Liu served as project manager of the Urban Intelligent
Transportation Division of BOCO Group Co., Ltd. From July 2005 to May 2013, at Metro Network Command Centre
(TCC), Mr. Liu has served as manager of Project Department, head of TCC Technical Workshop, deputy director of
Technical Engineering Department, manager of Information Centre Project Department and Deputy Chief Engineer.
Mr. Liu served as general manager of BII-TTBJ from October 2014 to November 2021, as chairman of the board of BII-
TTBJ from February 2019 to January 2024, as director and deputy general manager of BII Zhongfu from August 2019
to February 2021, as director of BII Zhongfu with effect from 23 May 2023, and as chairman of the board of Litmus
from December 2019 to December 2021 and from 23 May 2023 to 11 July 2024, as deputy general manager of BII-
TDBJ since March 2021, as director and general manager of BII-TDBJ with effect from 20 June 2023, and as director
of BII-TSHK with effect from April 2021 to June 2023.
In June 2008, Mr. Liu obtained a master’s degree in transportation planning and management from Beijing University
of Technology. In June 2022, Mr. Liu was qualified as Senior Engineer approved by Senior Engineer Qualification
Review Committee of Engineering and Technology Series of Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院工程技術系列
高級工程師任職資格評審委員會).
Zhao Jingyuan (趙婧媛), Ms. Zhao, aged 45, was appointed as an executive Director on 8 August 2024.
Ms. Zhao has over 10 years of experience in human resources management. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Zhao
worked in Beijing Zhongdian Feihua Communication Co., Ltd. (中電飛華通信股份有限公司) as manager of the
human resources department. Between February 2011 and January 2012, Ms. Zhao was the senior manager of the
human resources department of BII. Between January 2012 and September 2013, she was the director of human
resources and administration of BII-TTBJ. Between September 2013 and March 2016, she held the roles of assistant to
general manager and deputy general manager of the human resources department of BII. Between March 2016 and
November 2021, Ms. Zhao was the Vice President of the Company. Between July 2017 and June 2019, she was also
appointed as the Deputy Secretary of the General Party Branch of the Group. She was re-appointed as the Deputy
Secretary of the General Party Branch of the Group in November 2021 and mainly responsible for party management,
general management, management of legal affairs, compliance management and internal auditing of the Group.
Ms. Zhao obtained a bachelor’s degree of arts, majoring in radio and television directing (program hosting) and a
master’s degree in history, majoring in Chinese modern history from Liaoning University (遼寧大學) in 2003 and 2006
respectively. She possesses the practicing qualification as first level corporate human resources manager* (企業人力資
源管理人員一級).
24 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 26 =====
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (continued)
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
REN Yuhang (任宇航), Mr. Ren, aged 50, was appointed as a non-executive Director on 21 November 2024, and has
been appointed as the chairman of the Board, the chairman of the Nomination Committee, the chairman of the ESG
Committee, and a member of the Remuneration Committee. Between February 2017 and July 2021, Mr. Ren was a
non-executive Director.
Since 2007, Mr. Ren has held various roles in BII. Mr. Ren served in the finance planning department of BII as deputy
manager and general manager between October 2011 and August 2014, and between August 2014 and January
2017, respectively. Between August 2016 and January 2017, Mr. Ren was the deputy head of the office of external
cooperation of BII. Between January 2017 and July 2018, he was the general manager of the capital operations
department and the head of the office of external cooperation of BII. Between July 2018 and May 2024, Mr. Ren was
the general manager of the investment and development department of BII. Mr. Ren has been the secretary to the
board of directors of BII since January 2019. He has been the deputy general manager of BII since January 2024.
Other than his roles in BII, Mr. Ren has also taken up other roles. Between July 2015 and September 2022, Mr.
Ren was the director of BII HK. Between March 2017 and February 2021, Mr. Ren was a director of Beijing Traffic
Control Technology Co., Ltd (交控科技股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock
code: 688015). Between June 2017 and September 2024, he was the chairman of the board of directors of Beijing
Jiuzhouyigui Environmental Technology Co., Ltd. (北京九州一軌環境科技股份有限公司), a company listed on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 688485). Between June 2017 and May 2025, Mr. Ren was the chairman
of the board of directors of Cornerstone International Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.* (基石國際融資租賃有限公司).
Between August 2018 and March 2022, Mr. Ren was a non-executive director of Beijing Urban Construction Design
& Development Group Co., Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1599).
Between February 2019 and June 2021, Mr. Ren was a director of Huaqi Intelligent, a subsidiary of the Company.
Between April 2019 and June 2022, Mr. Ren was the vice chairman of the board of directors of Shaoxing Jingyue
Metro Co., Ltd.* (紹興京越地鐵有限公司). Between August 2019 and September 2023, he was the vice chairman of
the board of directors of Huangshan Region Travel Metro Investment Development Co., Ltd* (黃山市市域旅遊鐵路
投資發展有限公司). Between October 2019 and August 2022, Mr. Ren was an executive director of Beijing Capital
Private Equity Fund Management Co., Ltd.* (北京京投私募基金管理有限公司). Between November 2019 and July
2024, he was an executive director of BII Investment Co., Ltd (北京京投投資控股有限公司) (“BII Investment”).
Between November 2019 and May 2023, he was also the general manager of BII Investment. Between July 2020 and
November 2022, Mr. Ren was the chairman of the board of directors of Beijing Jishi Sensing Information Service Co.,
Ltd.* (北京基石傳感信息服務有限公司). Between August 2020 and December 2024, Mr. Ren has been a director of
Capital Securities Corporation Limited* (首創證券股份有限公司) a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
(stock code: 601136). Since September 2021, Mr. Ren has been the chairman of the board of directors of Beijing
Smart City Network Co., Ltd.* (北京智慧城市網絡有限公司). Between March 2022 and June 2025, Mr. Ren was a
director of National Pension Insurance Co., Ltd.* (國民養老保險股份有限公司).
Mr. Ren obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering, majoring in thermal engineering, from the Wuhan University
of Hydraulic and Electric Engineering* (武漢水利電力大學) in 1996 and a doctoral degree in business administration
from the Beijing Institute of Technology* (北京理工大學) in 2008. In June 2011, Mr. Ren obtained the qualification
of senior economist specialising in finance from the Beijing Senior Specialised Technique Qualification Evaluation
Committee.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 25

===== PAGE 27 =====
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (continued)
SUN Fang (孫方), Ms. Sun, aged 52, was appointed as a non-executive Director on 27 October 2022.
From August 2007 to November 2016, Ms. Sun served as Deputy General Manager and Executive Deputy General
Manager of Metro Network. From November 2016 to February 2020, Ms. Sun served as Deputy Secretary of the Party
Branch and Executive Deputy General Manager of Metro Network. From February 2020 to November 2023, Ms. Sun
served as Deputy Secretary of the Party Branch and General Manager of Metro Network. Since November 2023, Ms.
Sun has served as Secretary of the Party Branch and chairman of Ruubypay.
Ms. Sun obtained a bachelor’s degree in Engineering, majoring in transportation from Beijing Jiaotong University (北
京交通大學) in July 1996. In October 2007, she was qualified as Senior Engineer in general layout and transportation
specialty (總圖運輸專業) approved by Beijing Senior Specialised Technique Qualification Assessment Committee. In
December 2022, she was qualified as Senior Engineer in Urban Rail Transit specialty (城市軌道運輸專業) approved by
Beijing Senior Professional Title Assessment Committee.
Ms. Sun Fang resigned as a non-executive Director, with effect on 28 January 2026. For details, please refer to the
announcement of the Company dated 28 January 2026.
WANG Daomin (王道敏), Mr. Wang, aged 48, was appointed as a non-executive Director on 28 January 2026.
Between August 2001 and February 2014, Mr. Wang held various roles at Beijing Railway Communication and
Signal Research and Design Institute* (北京全路通信信號研究設計院), including as deputy manager and deputy
chief engineer of the design department of its urban transportation branch, and chief engineer of signal design
department. Between February 2014 and May 2024, he held various roles at Beijing Rail Transit Construction
Management Co., Ltd.* (北京市軌道交通建設管理有限公司), a subsidiary of BII, including as department head of
the equipment management department and head of system integration department, and deputy general manager
of such company. Between May 2024 and November 2025, Mr. Wang was the chairman of the board of directors of
Beijing Rail Transit Operation Management Co., Ltd.* (北京市軌道交通運營管理有限公司), a subsidiary of BII. Since
October 2025, Mr. Wang has been the general manager of Metro Network, a subsidiary of BII. Since November 2025,
Mr. Wang has successively served as the secretary of the party branch and secretary of the party committee of Metro
Network.
Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in automatic control from the school of electronic and information
engineering at the Beijing Jiaotong University (北方交通大學) in 2001. In 2022, Mr. Wang also obtained the senior
engineer qualification issued by the Beijing Municipal Senior Professional Technical Position Qualification Evaluation
Committee (北京市高級專業技術職務任職資格評審委員會).
26 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 28 =====
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (continued)
LI Zheng (李錚), Mr. Li, aged 38, was appointed as a non-executive Director on 28 January 2026.
Between January 2015 and September 2017, Mr. Li held various roles at BII, the ultimate controlling Shareholder
as at the date of this report, including as a project manager and senior project manager of its capital operations
department. Between September 2017 and December 2023, Mr. Li held various roles at BII Technical, a subsidiary of
BII, including as general manager of overseas business department and deputy general manager of the investment
and development department. Between November 2022 and June 2024, Mr. Li was the vice general manager and
secretary to the board of directors of Mita Box Technology Co., Ltd.* (米塔盒子科技有限公司). Since June 2024, he
has been the deputy general manager of the investment and development department of BII. Since October 2024,
Mr. Li has been the chairman of the board of directors of BII-TDBJ, a subsidiary of the Company. Mr. Li also currently
holds various directorships and management positions in certain subsidiaries and invested entities of BII.
Mr. Li obtained a bachelor’s degree in microelectronic manufacturing engineering from the Central South University (中
南大學) in 2009 and a master’s degree in business administration from the Newcastle University in 2014.
CAO Mingda (曹明達), Mr. Cao, aged 34, was appointed as a non-executive Director on 11 April 2022.
From May 2016 to March 2017, Mr. Cao served as the operations manager of Beijing En’an Futong Technology Co.,
Ltd. (北京恩安付通科技有限公司). Mr. Cao was the business manager of Ruubypay from March 2017 to July 2025,
and the director and deputy general manager of Dalian Yixing Technology Co., Ltd. (大連易行科技有限公司) since
October 2018. Mr. Cao also served as a supervisor of Beijing Maglihe Liquor Trade Co., Ltd. (北京瑪格麗河酒業商貿
有限公司) from January 2012 to August 2025, as director of Shenyang Metro Technology Co., Ltd. (瀋陽地鐵科技有
限公司) from April 2021 to December 2025, as the director of Hohhot Metro Technology Development Co., Ltd.* (呼
和浩特地鐵科技發展有限公司) since September 2022, as the chairman of BII-TDBJ from November 2022 to October
2024, as the director of Metro Technology from August 2023 to March 2025, as the director of Capital Metro from
August 2023 to April 2025, as the director of Ruubypay since March 2024 and as the director of Liaoning Ruubypay
Transportation Technology Co., Ltd.* (遼寧如易行交通科技有限公司) since July 2025.
Mr. Cao obtained a bachelor’s degree in Commerce (Finance) at Curtin University in Australia in January 2014 and a
master’s degree, majoring in Business Information Systems from School of Information Technology, Monash University
in May 2016.
FANG Zhiwei (方志偉), Mr. Fang, aged 40, was appointed as a non-executive Director on 8 August 2024.
Since March 2008, Mr. Fang has worked at Metro Network, a subsidiary of BII. Between November 2010 and June
2014, he was the supervisor of the operation planning office of Metro Network. Between June 2014 and February
2018, he was the deputy director of the operation planning office of Metro Network. Between February 2018
and April 2020, Mr. Fang was the assistant to the general manager, head of operations coordination department
and director of operation planning office of Metro Network. Between April 2020 and September 2024, Mr. Fang
successively served as the deputy general manager and general manager of Metro Network.
Mr. Fang obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering, majoring in transportation and a master’s degree in
engineering, majoring in urban transportation engineering from Beijing Jiaotong University (北京交通大學) in 2005
and 2008 respectively.
Mr. Fang Zhiwei resigned as a non-executive Director, with effect on 28 January 2026. For details, please refer to the
announcement of the Company dated 28 January 2026.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 27

===== PAGE 29 =====
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (continued)
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
LUO Zhenbang (CPA) (羅振邦), Mr. Luo, aged 59, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on
13 November 2012. He is also the chairman of the Audit Committee and was appointed as the member of the ESG
Committee on 29 November 2021.
Mr. Luo has over 32 years’ experience in accounting, auditing and financial management and is a Chinese Certified
Public Accountant, Certified Tax Agent, Certified Public Valuer and Certified Accountant in securities and futures
industry. Mr. Luo has extensive experience in the audit of listed companies in various sectors and provides business
consultation services in corporate restructuring and strategic planning for initial public offerings and assets and debts
restructuring. Mr. Luo had been the deputy general manager of Zhong Zhou Certified Public Accountants and Baker
Tilly China Certified Public Accountants. He was an expert supervisor of China Cinda Asset Management Co., Ltd.
and China Great Wall Asset Management Corporation. Mr. Luo had served as an independent director of several
listed companies in the PRC, including Long March Vehicle Technology Company Limited (now known as China
Aerospace Times Electronics Company Limited) (stock code: 600879) and AVIC Heavy Machinery Company Limited
(stock code: 600765), each a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange; Ning Xia Orient Tantalum Industry
Company Limited (stock code: 000962), Wuzhong Instrument Company Limited (now known as Ningxia Yinxing
Energy Company Limited) (stock code: 000862), Ningxia Zhongyin Cashmere Company Limited (stock code: 000982),
Xinjiang Goldwind Science & Technology Co., Ltd.* (“Goldwind Science & Technology”) (stock code: 002202),
Digital China Information Service Company Ltd. (stock code: 000555), each a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock
Exchange. Mr. Luo had also served as an independent non-executive director of Goldwind Science & Technology
(stock code: 2208) from June 2013 to June 2019, as an independent non-executive director of Glory Health Industry
Limited (formerly known as Guorui Properties Limited) (stock code: 2329) from July 2013 to June 2023, and as an
independent non-executive director of Cowell e Holdings Inc. (stock code: 1415) from January 2021 to July 2021,
each a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Mr. Luo has been the independent non-executive
director of China Aerospace International Holdings Limited (stock code: 31) since December 2004. Mr. Luo had
also served as a member of the internal audit committee of Northeast Securities Co., Ltd., a company listed on
the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000686) from October 2002 to May 2018. Mr. Luo is the director and
managing partner of BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP.
Mr. Luo graduated from the School of Business of Lanzhou in 1991 majoring in enterprise management. From
September 2005 to July 2007, Mr. Luo took a master’s degree course in management (technology and innovation)
in Tsinghua University jointly organised by The Australian National University and Tsinghua University and obtained a
master’s degree in management from The Australian National University in July 2007.
HUANG Lixin (黃立新), Mr. Huang, aged 54, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 9 July
2014. He is also a member of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.
Mr. Huang possessed extensive experience in the legal practice and had participated in numerous issues of securities,
initial public offerings, post-listing financing as well as merger and acquisition projects over the past more than 25
years as a practising lawyer. Mr. Huang was an intern in the Department of Legal Affairs of the China Securities
Regulatory Commission from November 1993 to February 1996. From August 1996 to July 2000, Mr. Huang was
a PRC legal consultant at Herbert Smith LLP. From July 2001 to May 2007, Mr. Huang was appointed as a trainee
solicitor and later a solicitor at Herbert Smith LLP. Mr. Huang is now a partner of Beijing Haiwen & Partners which
he joined in May 2007. Mr. Huang has served as a member of the Banking and Financial Law Committee and the
Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macao and Overseas Chinese Law Committee of the Beijing Lawyers Association.
28 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 30 =====
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (continued)
Mr. Huang graduated from the Law School of Renmin University of China with a bachelor’s degree in law in July 1993
and obtained a master’s degree in law from the University of International Business and Economics in July 1996. Mr.
Huang obtained the Postgraduate Certificate in Laws (PCLL) from the University of Hong Kong in June 2001. Mr.
Huang was qualified as a lawyer in the PRC since October 1995 and was qualified to practice as a solicitor in Hong
Kong in July 2003.
NG Wing Yan Claudia (伍穎恩), Ms. Ng, aged 45, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director,
chairman of the Remuneration Committee, member of the Audit Committee and member of the Nomination
Committee on 22 April 2025.
Ms. Ng has around 20 years of dual working background in foreign and state-owned enterprises, with rich experience
in corporate governance, strategic planning and operations, environmental, social and governance managements and
human resources managements. Since 2022, Ms. Ng has been serving as the secretary to the board, co-president of
Hong Kong office and a member of the sustainability committee of Shandong Hi-Speed New Energy Group Limited*
(山高新能源集團有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1250.HK). Prior to her current role,
Ms. Ng worked at Cisco Systems (China) Networking Technology Co., Ltd.* (思科系統（中國）網絡技術有限公司) for
14 years, with her last position as the head of strategy and operations for the service providers’ team. As disclosed in
the application proof of Sigenergy Technology Co., Ltd.* (思格新能源（上海）股份有限公司) (“Sigenergy”), Ms. Ng
was appointed as an independent non-executive director of Sigenergy in February 2025, with effect from a later date.
As disclosed in the application proof of Changzhou Xingyu Automotive Lighting Systems Co., Ltd.* (常州星宇車燈股
份有限公司) (“Xingyu”), Ms. Ng was appointed as an independent non-executive director of Xingyu in January 2026,
with effect from a later date.
Ms. Ng obtained a bachelor of laws from the University of Hong Kong in December 2003, a Postgraduate Certificate
in Laws (PCLL) from the University of Hong Kong in June 2004, a master’s degree in law from Tsinghua University (清
華大學) in China in July 2007 and a master’s degree in business administration in finance from the Chinese University
of Hong Kong in November 2018.
SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY
XIAO Zheng (肖征), Mr. Xiao, aged 40, Vice President. Mr. Xiao joined the Group in March 2020 and was appointed
as Vice president, mainly responsible for the management of intelligent passenger information services business, the
Board operation, management of strategy and planning, investor relations and capital operation, etc. Mr. Xiao now
serves as Deputy General Manager of BII-TDBJ, Director of Capital Metro, and chairman of Huaqi Intelligent.
Mr. Xiao was granted with a bachelor’s degree, majoring in Financial Management from the Central University of
Finance and Economics. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Xiao had worked in KPMG as Assistant Manager and served
as Analyst in the Research Department of China International Capital Corporation. He joined BII in 2015 and served
as Senior Project Manager, Assistant to Department General Manager, Deputy General Manager of Capital Operation
Department.
As at the date of this report, Mr. Xiao Zheng has resigned as a Vice President.
HOU Weiwei (侯薇薇), Ms. Hou, aged 43, Vice President. Ms. Hou joined the Group in March 2026 and was
appointed as Vice president, mainly responsible for the management of intelligent passenger information services
business, the Board operation, management of strategy and planning, investor relations and capital operation, etc.
Ms. Hou now serves as Deputy General Manager of BII-TDBJ, Director of Capital Metro, and chairman of Huaqi
Intelligent.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 29

===== PAGE 31 =====
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (continued)
Ms. Hou was granted with a master’s degree of Finance from Tianjin University of Finance and Economics. Prior to
joining the Group, Ms. Hou served as manager, senior project manager, assistant general manager and deputy general
manager of the financing & planning department of BII, as deputy general manager and secretary of the board of
directors of Beijing Jiu Zhou Yi Gui Environmental Technology Co., Ltd., as deputy general manager of the investment
& development department of BII, as well as executive director and manager of BII Private Equity Funds Management
Co., Ltd.
SUN Qi (孫琦), Mr. Sun, aged 38, Vice President. He joined the Group in June 2021 and was appointed as Vice
President mainly responsible for scientific research technology and scientific research project management, product
research and development, technical support, informatisation management, etc.. Mr. Sun now serves as Deputy
General Manager of BII-TDBJ, Chairman of BII-TTBJ, Director of Ruubypay and Huaqi Intelligent.
Mr. Sun was granted with a master’s degree of Computer Science and Technology from the Beihang University.
Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Sun had worked in Metro Network as trainee, supervisor, vice director and director of
ACC technical room, as vice director of ACC Department, as vice director and director of Big Data Center, as deputy
leader of Customer Service Center Preparatory Group, director of Operational Data Department and Assistant General
Manager.
HAN Baijie (韓佰杰), Mr. Han, aged 45, Vice President. He joined the Group and was appointed as vice president
of our Group in April 2025. He is mainly responsible for the financial management, operation management, project
management, safe production management, procurement management, branding, etc.. Mr. Han now serves as
director and vice general manager of BII-TDBJ, and directors of BII-TTBJ and BII-TSBJ.
Mr. Han was granted with a master’s Degree in Software Engineering from Beihang University. Prior to joining the
Group, Mr. Han was also qualified as a Senior Accountant. Mr. Han served as the Head of the Accounting Section of
the Finance and Planning Department at Beiqi Foton Motor Co., Ltd., Deputy Manager of the Planning and Finance
Department at Hebei Ouli Heavy Industry Co., Ltd., Chief Financial Officer at Tianjin Leovo Power Co., Ltd., Vice
President at Beijing Zhongtian Runbo Water Affairs Co., Ltd., Assistant General Manager of the Finance Management
Department at BII, Chief Financial Officer at Beijing Subway Rolling Stock Equipment Co., Ltd., and General Manager
of the Finance Management Department at Beijing Rail Transit Technology Equipment Group Co., Ltd..
TIAN Kexin (田可心), Mr. Tian, aged 47, Vice President. He joined the Group in December 2013 and was appointed
as Vice President in June 2025, mainly responsible for the business management of the Innovation Development
Business. Mr. Tian now serves as Deputy General Manager of BII-TDBJ, Director of BII-TSHK, Chairman and General
Manager of BII-TSBJ, and Director of Beijing City Railway.
Mr. Tian was granted a master’s degree in Management (Technology and Innovation) from the Australian National
University. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Tian had worked as an employee of Beijing Beida Jade Bird Commercial
Information System Co., Ltd.* (北京北大青鳥商用信息系統有限公司) and Moca Software (Tianjin) Co., Ltd* (摩卡軟
件（天津）有限公司). Mr. Tian joined BII-TTBJ in 2013 and has successively served as Director of the Integrated Business
Department, Director of the System Business Department, General Manager of the Information Business Department,
Assistant General Manager, Deputy General Manager and General Manager.
30 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 32 =====
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
The Directors are pleased to present their report for FY2025:
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. Details of the principal activities and other particulars of
material subsidiaries are set out in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements. None of the subsidiaries of the
Company has issued debt securities.
As far as the Company is aware, during FY2025, it has complied in material respects with the relevant laws and
regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Company.
RESULTS
The Group’s profit for FY2025 and the state of affairs of the Group and of the Company as at that date are set out
in the consolidated financial statements on pages 70 to 158. The Company is not aware of any arrangement under
which a Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividends.
FINAL DIVIDEND
In view of the business growth of the Group and in response to the long term support of the Shareholders, the Board
recommended the declaration of a final dividend of HK$0.02 per share for FY2025 (FY2024: HK$0.024 per share).
The proposed final dividend will be payable to Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the
Company on Monday, 29 June 2026, subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company at the 2026 AGM.
It is expected that the final dividend will be paid on or before Friday, 18 September 2026.
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The 2026 AGM will be held on Thursday, 18 June 2026. Shareholders should refer to details regarding the 2026
AGM in the circular to be despatched by the Company and the notice of meeting and form of proxy accompanying
therewith.
CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the 2026 AGM to be held on Thursday, 18 June 2026, the
register of members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 15 June 2026 to Thursday, 18 June 2026 (both
days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. In order to be eligible
to attend and vote at the 2026 AGM, unregistered holders of shares of the Company shall ensure that all transfer
documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar
in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for
registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 12 June 2026 (Hong Kong time).
For determining the entitlement to the proposed final dividend (subject to the approval by the Shareholders at the
2026 AGM), the register of members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, 25 June 2026 to Monday, 29
June 2026 (both days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. In order
to qualify for the proposed final dividend, unregistered holders of shares of the Company shall ensure that all transfer
documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar
in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for
registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 24 June 2026 (Hong Kong time).
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 31

===== PAGE 33 =====
Directors’ Report (continued)
BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review of the Company for FY2025 is set out in the sections headed “Chairman’s Statement” and
“Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report which form part of the Directors’ Report. Details of
credit, liquidity, interest rate and foreign exchange risks in the course of business are set out in Note 30 to the financial
statements. The details of the Group’s environmental, social and governance practices as well as the relationship and
discussion with employees, customers, suppliers and other stakeholders are listed in the “2025 Environmental, Social
and Governance Report” separately issued by the Group.
SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in the Company’s share capital are set out in Note 28 to the consolidated financial
statements.
RESERVES
Details of the movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group for FY2025 are set out in Note 28 to the
consolidated financial statements and the consolidated statement of changes in equity respectively.
DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
In accordance with the Companies Act, Chapter 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman
Islands, the share premium account is distributable to the Shareholders provided that immediately following the date
on which the dividend is proposed to be distributed, the Company will be able to pay its debts as they fall due in the
ordinary course of business. As at 31 December 2025, the Company’s reserves available for distribution amounted to
approximately HK$1,504.9 million (31 December 2024: HK$1,555.2 million). Such amount includes the Company’s
share premium.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of the movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group for FY2025 are set out in Note 11 to the
consolidated financial statements.
PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s articles of association (the “Articles”) or the laws of
the Cayman Islands, being the jurisdiction in which the Company was incorporated, which would oblige the Company
to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.
FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years as extracted from
the audited consolidated financial statements is set out on page 5 in this annual report. This summary does not form
part of the audited financial statements in this annual report.
32 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 34 =====
Directors’ Report (continued)
MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For FY2025, the purchases and sales percentage from the major customers and suppliers of the Group are set out
below:
Percentage of
total purchases
(1) Purchases
– the largest supplier 4.52%
– the five largest suppliers combined 17.84%
Percentage of
total sales
(2) Sales
– the largest customer 12.57%
– the five largest customers combined 43.07%
Save as disclosed under the section headed “Continuing connected transactions” in this Directors’ Report, as far as
the Directors are aware, none of the Directors or any of their close associates, or any Shareholders (which, to the
knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued shares (excluding treasury shares, if any))
had any beneficial interest in the Group’s five largest customers and suppliers for FY2025.
DIRECTORS
The Directors in office at the date of 31 December 2025 were:
Executive Directors
Mr. Liu Yu (Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. Zhao Jingyuan
Non-executive Directors
Mr. Ren Yuhang (Chairman)
Ms. Sun Fang
Mr. Cao Mingda
Mr. Fang Zhiwei
Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Luo Zhenbang (CPA)
Mr. Huang Lixin
Ms. NG Wing Yan Claudia
According to Article 16.18 of the Articles, Mr. Cao Mingda, Mr. Luo Zhenbang and Mr. Huang Lixin will retire as
Directors by rotation at the 2026 AGM. Pursuant to Article 16.2 of the Company’s Articles of Association, Mr. Wang
Daomin (appointed as a non-executive Director on 28 January 2026) and Mr. Li Zheng (appointed as a non-executive
Director on 28 January 2026) shall hold office until the 2026 AGM. All of the retiring Directors, being eligible, will
offer themselves for re-election as Directors at the 2026 AGM.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 33

===== PAGE 35 =====
Directors’ Report (continued)
INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Company has received annual written confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in
respect of their independence during FY2025 and all independent non-executive Directors are considered to be
independent.
DIRECTORS’ BIOGRAPHIES
Biographical details of the Directors are set out on pages 24 to 30 of this annual report.
DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
None of the Directors who was proposed for re-election at the 2026 AGM has a service contract with the Company
which is not determinable within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.
EMOLUMENTS OF DIRECTORS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
Details of the emoluments of the Directors and the five highest paid individuals of the Group for FY2025 are set out
in Notes 8 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements.
MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
During the FY2025, other than a contract of service with a Director or any person engaged in the full-time
employment of the Company, the Company did not enter into or have any management and administration contracts
in respect of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company.
EMOLUMENT POLICY
The emoluments of the Directors are decided by the remuneration committee of the Company, having regard to the
Company’s operating results, market competitiveness, individual performance, dedication and achievement.
RELATIONSHIP WITH EMPLOYEES
Employees are the Group’s most valuable assets. The Group actively improves the human resources system and
corporate culture construction, protects the rights and interests of employees, pays attention to the reasonable
demands of employees, builds a comprehensive salary system, provides high-quality training and career development
opportunities, and organises various activities for employees. The Group has established good relationship with its
employees throughout the year.
REMUNERATION OF SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The remuneration payable to the senior management of the Company for FY2025 falls within the following bands:
Number of
Remuneration (HK$) individuals
500,000-1,000,000 2
1,000,001-2,000,000 4
34 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 36 =====
Directors’ Report (continued)
DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN CONTRACTS
Saved as disclosed under the section headed “Continuing connected transactions” below and disclosed in Note 30
to the consolidated financial statements under the heading “Material related party transactions”, (i) no transaction,
arrangement, or contract of significance to which the Company, or any of its holding company or subsidiaries was a
party, and in which a Director or an entity connected with such Director had a material interest, whether directly or
indirectly, subsisted at 31 December 2025 or at any time during FY2025; (ii) no transaction, arrangement, or contract
of significance had been entered into between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and the controlling shareholder
(as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; and (iii) no transaction, arrangement, or
contract of significance for the provision of services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries by the controlling
shareholder of the Company or any of its subsidiaries was entered into.
DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS
As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of the Company
in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning
of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Cap 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong (the “SFO”)) which were
required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the
SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the
SFO); or (b) to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c)
as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions
by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules were as follows:
Long positions in shares and underlying shares
Approximate
percentage of
issued share
The Company/ capital of
Name of the Company/
associated Number of associated
Name of Director corporation Capacity shares corporation
Mr. Cao MingdaNote The Company Founder of a discretionary trust 244,657,815 11.66%
who can influence how the
trustees exercises its discretion
Note: Mr. Cao Mingda is the founder of a discretionary trust and is interested in 244,657,815 shares of the Company through
Trident Trust Company (Cayman) Limited, the trustee of the trust, through its controlled company, More Legend.
Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, so far as was known to the Directors or the chief executive of
the Company, none of the Directors or the chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in
the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations which were required
(a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO
(including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO);
or (b) pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company; or (c)
pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 35

===== PAGE 37 =====
Directors’ Report (continued)
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As at 31 December 2025, so far as was known to the Directors or the chief executive of the Company, the persons
(other than the Directors and the chief executive of the Company) who had interests and/or short positions in the
shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2
and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of
the SFO were as follows:
Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company
Approximate
percentage of
issued share
Name of Number of capital of
substantial shareholder Capacity shares the Company
BII HK Beneficial owner (Note 1) 1,157,634,900 55.20%
BII Interest of controlled 1,157,634,900 55.20%
corporation (Note 1)
More Legend Beneficial owner (Note 2) 244,657,815 11.66%
Toplight Management Limited Interest of controlled 244,657,815 11.66%
corporation (Note 2)
Trident Trust Company (Cayman) Limited Trustee (Note 2) 244,657,815 11.66%
Ms. Pang Ziqian (“Ms. Pang”) Interest of spouse (Note 3) 244,657,815 11.66%
Notes:
1. BII HK is a wholly-owned subsidiary of BII, a company established under PRC law with limited liability and wholly owned by the
State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of People’s Government of Beijing Municipality. By virtue of
the SFO, BII is deemed to be interested in the 1,157,634,900 shares of the Company owned by BII HK.
2. More Legend is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Toplight Management Limited and Trident Trust Company (Cayman) Limited is
interested in all the shares in Toplight Management Limited as trustee of the trust. By virtue of the SFO, Toplight Management
Limited and Trident Trust Company (Cayman) Limited are deemed to be interested in 244,657,815 shares of the Company
owned by More Legend.
3. Ms. Pang is the spouse of Mr. Cao Mingda and by virtue of the SFO, is deemed to be interested in the 244,657,815 shares of
the Company which Mr. Cao Mingda is interested in.
Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, the Directors have not been notified by any person (other than
the Directors or the chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying
shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of
the SFO, or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.
36 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 38 =====
Directors’ Report (continued)
MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has devised its own code of conduct for securities transactions regarding Directors’ and employees’
dealings in the Company’s securities (the “Securities Dealing Code”) on terms no less exacting than the standard
set out in the Model Code.
Specific enquiry has been made with all the Directors and employees to whom the Securities Dealing Code applies.
The Directors have confirmed that they have complied with the Securities Dealing Code and Model Code throughout
FY2025. No incident of non-compliance with the Securities Dealing Code by the employees was noted by the
Company.
PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
During FY2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
listed securities (including sale of treasury shares, if any). During the Period, the Company and its subsidiaries did not
hold any treasury shares.
SHARE SCHEME
During the Period, the Company did not implement any share scheme, nor did it have any existing share scheme in
place.
DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed under the paragraph headed “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s interests and short positions in
shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations”, at no time during FY2025
were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company granted to
any Director or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, or were any such rights exercised by them;
or was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors or their respective
spouse or minor children to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.
COMPETITION AND CONFLICT OF INTERESTS
None of the Directors or substantial Shareholders or any of their respective associates has engaged in any business
that competes or may compete with the businesses of the Group or has any conflict of interests with the Group.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 37

===== PAGE 39 =====
Directors’ Report (continued)
CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Particulars of the non-exempt continuing connected transactions are set out below:
Services Framework Agreement entered into between the Company and BII
The Company and BII entered into the 2024 BII Framework Service Agreement (“2024 BII Framework Service
Agreement”) on 23 October 2024 for a period from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2027 (both days inclusive).
Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 23 October 2024 and the circular of the Company dated 10
December 2024 for details.
As at 23 October 2024, BII held approximately 55.20% of the shares of the Company through its wholly-owned
subsidiary (i.e. BII HK), and therefore, BII is the ultimate holding company and a connected person of the Company
under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the 2024 BII Services Framework
Agreement constituted continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
Pursuant to the 2024 BII Services Framework Agreement, during the term of which, provided that (i) a member of
the Group is awarded with the relevant contract in accordance with the stipulated procedures under the relevant
PRC laws and regulations (if required); and (ii) the parties thereto negotiate on an arm’s length basis regarding
the commercial terms to be set out in the individual agreements for services, the Group agrees to provide BII, its
subsidiaries and/or its associates during the term of the 2024 BII Services Framework Agreement with: consulting and
technical support services, IT support services, technical services, technological development, software development,
software procurement, hardware design and development, hardware procurement, system integration, system
procurement, operation and maintenance, construction of projects and other types of ancillary services agreed by the
parties in writing from time to time.
Pursuant to the 2024 BII Services Framework Agreement, the Group would enter into individual agreements for
the provision of services with BII, its subsidiaries and/or its associates. Pursuant to the 2024 BII Services Framework
Agreement, the terms of the individual agreements to be entered into (including service fees) would be negotiated on
an arm’s length basis between the parties and would be determined by the parties from time to time in the ordinary
course of business on normal commercial terms. The prices of the transactions contemplated under the 2024 BII
Services Framework Agreement would be determined by government-prescribed price or government-guided price, or
market price or agreed price (as the case may be), depending on the method set out in the circular of the Company
dated 10 December 2024. Details of the 2024 BII Framework Service Agreement and the relevant continuing
connected transactions were set out in the announcement and the circular of the Company dated 23 October 2024
and 10 December 2024, respectively.
As (i) BII is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company; and (ii) BII, its subsidiaries and/or its associates have
a long-standing business relationship with the Group, the Directors are of the view that BII, its subsidiaries and/or its
associates are reliable business partners and that further business cooperation is beneficial to the Group and provides
a stable source of income for the Group.
For FY2025, the total transaction amount carried out under the 2024 BII Services Framework Agreement amounted to
approximately RMB498.8 million (equivalent to approximately HK$544.9 million).
38 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 40 =====
Directors’ Report (continued)
Procurement services framework agreement entered into between the Company and BII
The Company and BII entered into the procurement services framework agreement (“Procurement Services
Framework Agreement”) on 26 February 2025 for a period from the effective date of the Procurement Services
Framework Agreement to 31 December 2027. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 26 February
2025 and the circular of the Company dated 8 May 2025 for details.
As at 26 February 2025, BII held approximately 55.20% of the shares of the Company through its wholly-owned
subsidiary (i.e. BII HK), and therefore, BII is the ultimate holding company and a connected person of the Company
under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the Procurement Services Framework
Agreement constituted continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
Pursuant to the Procurement Services Framework Agreement, during the term of which, provided that (i) BII, its
subsidiaries and/or associates is/are awarded with the relevant contract in accordance with the stipulated procedures
under the relevant PRC laws and regulations (if required); and (ii) the parties thereto negotiate at arm’s length
regarding the commercial terms to be set out in the individual agreements for the services, the Group agrees to
procure from BII, its subsidiaries and/or its associates during the term of the Procurement Services Framework
Agreement the following services: consultation and technical support services, information technology support
services, technology services, technology development, software development, software procurement, hardware
design and development, hardware procurement, system integration, system procurement, operations and
maintenance, construction of projects, civil communications construction management and other types of ancillary
services to be agreed by the parties in writing from time to time.
Pursuant to the Procurement Services Framework Agreement, the Group would enter into individual agreements
for the procurement of services with BII, its subsidiaries and/or its associates. Pursuant to the Procurement Services
Framework Agreement, the terms of the individual agreements to be entered into (including service fees) would be
negotiated on an arm’s length basis between the parties and would be determined by the parties from time to time in
the ordinary course of business on normal commercial terms. The prices of the transactions contemplated under the
Procurement Services Framework Agreement would be determined by government-prescribed price or government-
guided price, or market price or agreed price (as the case may be), depending on the method set out in the circular
of the Company dated 8 May 2025. Details of the Procurement Services Framework Agreement and the relevant
continuing connected transactions were set out in the announcement and the circular of the Company dated 26
February 2025 and 8 May 2025, respectively.
As (i) BII is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company; and (ii) BII, its subsidiaries and/or its associates have
a long-standing business relationship with the Group, the Directors are of the view that BII, its subsidiaries and/or
its associates are reliable business partners and that further business cooperation enhances the Group’s capabilities
to fulfill its contractual obligations and provides backup for the delivery of the Group’s business projects in relation
to integration. This could, in turn, develop the Group’s experience and reputation and increase the Group’s orders
resulting from integration business projects.
For FY2025, the total transaction amount carried out under the Procurement Services Framework Agreement
amounted to approximately RMB55.0 million (equivalent to approximately HK$60.1 million).
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 39

===== PAGE 41 =====
Directors’ Report (continued)
Cooperation agreement regarding civil communication business
BII Zhuoyue and BII entered into the Cooperation Agreement (“Cooperation Agreement”) on 19 December 2024
for a period from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2026. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 19
December 2024 and the circular of the Company dated 29 May 2025 for details.
As at 19 December 2024, BII held approximately 55.20% of the shares of the Company through its wholly-owned
subsidiary (i.e. BII HK), and therefore, BII is the ultimate holding company and a connected person of the Company
under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the Cooperation Agreement constituted
continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, BII is responsible for providing the relevant civil communication server room
space and utilities support (such as provision of power supply, air-conditioning and chutes) (the “Resources”) for the
operation and development of BII Zhuoyue’s civil communication transmission systems of the underground stations in
the subway lines of the Beijing Subway, which includes the 255 underground stations in operation as at 31 December
2023 and the underground stations pending to be in operation during the term of the Cooperation Agreement.
Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, the fees payable by BII Zhuoyue for the use of the Resources under the
Cooperation Agreement regarding (i) the 255 underground stations in operation; (ii) the 46 underground stations,
where further revenue contracts are expected to be entered into; and (iii) the underground stations pending to be in
operation as mentioned above, shall be determined between the parties after arm’s length negotiation, taking into
account BII Zhuoyue’s revenue from its civil communication business during the term of the Cooperation Agreement,
the amount invested by BII regarding the Resources and the amount invested by BII Zhuoyue regarding the civil
communication transmission systems. Details of the Cooperation Agreement and the relevant continuing connected
transactions were set out in the announcement and the circular of the Company dated 19 December 2024 and 29
May 2025, respectively.
For FY2025, the total transaction amount carried out under the Cooperation Agreement amounted to approximately
RMB31.6 million (equivalent to approximately HK$34.5 million).
The Company confirms that the Group has followed the relevant pricing policies as set out in the abovementioned
agreements when determining the price and terms of the continuing connected transactions conducted during the
Period.
The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance
with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagement 3000 (Revised), Assurance Engagements other than Audits or
Reviews of Historical Financial Information and with reference to Practice Note 740, Auditor’s Letter on Continuing
Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, issued by Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The auditor has issued their unqualified letter containing the auditor’s findings and conclusions in
respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group in accordance with the Listing Rules 14A.56,
stating that:
(a) nothing has come to their attention that causes it to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions
have not been approved by the Company’s board of directors;
40 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 42 =====
Directors’ Report (continued)
(b) for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention
that causes it to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing
policies of the Group;
(c) nothing has come to their attention that causes it to believe that the transactions were not entered into, in all
material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and
(d) with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the disclosed continuing connected transactions, nothing
has come to their attention that causes it to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have
exceeded the annual cap as set by the Company.
The independent non-executive Directors have confirmed that the continuing connected transactions are in
accordance with Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules. Specifically, the independent non-executive Directors confirmed
that the continuing connected transactions entered into by the Group were in the ordinary and usual course of its
business, on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favourable than those available to or from independent
third parties, and in accordance with the terms of the agreement governing such transactions that are fair and
reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.
The Board confirms that the Company has complied with the applicable disclosure requirements in accordance with
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of each of the connected transactions set out above.
Details of material related party transactions entered into by the Group are set out in Note 30 to the consolidated
financial statements. Except for those described under the paragraphs headed “Continuing connected transactions”
above, in respect of which the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules have been
complied with, none of those related party transactions constitutes a discloseable connected transaction as defined
under the Listing Rules.
EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
There is no material events after the reporting period as at the date of this report.
SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, during
FY2025 and until the date of this report, there is sufficient public float of more than 25% of the Company’s issued
shares as required under the Listing Rules.
TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of
the Company’s listed securities.
DONATIONS
During FY2025, the donation of the Group was approximately HK$1,140,500 (FY2024: HK$42,100).
EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
No equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Company, or existed during FY2025.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 41

===== PAGE 43 =====
Directors’ Report (continued)
DIRECTORS’ PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
Under the Articles, every Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the
assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained by him as a Director or other officer of
the Company in defending any proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in which judgment is given in his favour, or in
which he is acquitted.
The Company has arranged appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance coverage for the Directors and
officers of the Group.
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE
The Group recognises its responsibility to protect the environment when conducting its business activities. The Group
continually seeks to identify and manage environmental impacts attributable to its operational activities in order to
minimise these impacts if possible. Details of the Group’s environmental, social and governance practices are set out
in the “2025 ESG Reporting” separately published by the Group.
CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
Changes in directors’ information which is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rules 13.51(2) and 13.51B of the
Listing Rules are set out below:
1. Ms. Sun Fang, former non-executive Director, resigned as a non-executive Director with effect from 28 January
2026, in order to devote more time on her other commitments;
2. Mr. Fang Zhiwei, former non-executive Director, resigned as a non-executive Director with effect from 28 January
2026, in order to devote more time on his other commitments;
3. Mr. Wang Daomin, non-executive Director, has been appointed as a non-executive Director, with effect from 28
January 2026; and
4. Mr. Li Zheng, non-executive Director, has been appointed as a non-executive Director, with effect from 28
January 2026.
AUDITORS
Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited (“Baker Tilly”) was appointed as the auditors of the Company following the
retirement of KPMG at the conclusion of the 2023 annual general meeting of the Company. Save for the appointment
of Baker Tilly, there was no change in auditors of the Company for the preceding three years.
The consolidated financial statements for FY2025 were audited by Baker Tilly and they have issued an unqualified
opinion. Baker Tilly shall retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment at the 2026 AGM. A resolution
to re-appoint Baker Tilly as auditors of the Company and to authorise the Directors to fix the auditors’ remuneration
will be proposed at the 2026 AGM.
By Order of the Board
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited
Liu Yu
Executive Director
Chief Executive Officer
Hong Kong, 27 March 2026
42 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 44 =====
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Board is pleased to present the Corporate Governance Report for FY2025.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Board believes that maintaining high standard of corporate governance practices is crucial to safeguarding
shareholders’ and stakeholders’ interests, formulating business strategies and policies as well as enhancing corporate
value, transparency and accountability.
The Company has in place a corporate governance framework and has established a set of policies and procedures
based on the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules (the “CG Code”). Such
policies and procedures provide the infrastructure for enhancing the Board’s ability to implement governance and
exercise proper oversight on business conduct and affairs of the Company.
The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions of the CG Code as the basis of the Company’s
corporate governance practices and has devised its own code of corporate governance based on the major principles
and practices as set out in the CG Code. For FY2025, the Company was in compliance with the CG Code.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Company is headed by an effective Board which makes strategic decisions and supervises the achievement of the
Group’s business and performance. The Directors take decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company.
The Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of
the Company’s business and regularly reviews the contribution required from a Director to perform his or her
responsibilities to the Company and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them that are
commensurate with their role and the Board’s responsibilities. The Board includes a balanced composition of executive
Directors and non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there is a strong
independent element on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgement.
Board Composition
On 31 December 2025, the Board had nine Directors, comprising two executive Directors, four non-executive
Directors and three independent non-executive Directors. Details of the Board composition are set out below:
Executive Directors
Mr. Liu Yu (Chief Executive Officer and member of the ESG Committee)
Ms. Zhao Jingyuan
Non-executive Directors
Mr. Ren Yuhang (Chairman, chairman of the Nomination Committee, chairman of the ESG Committee
and member of the Remuneration Committee)
Ms. Sun FangNote
Mr. Cao Mingda
Mr. Fang ZhiweiNote
Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Luo Zhenbang (Chairman of the Audit Committee and member of the ESG Committee)
Mr. Huang Lixin (Member of the Audit Committee, member of the Remuneration Committee and
member of the Nomination Committee)
Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia (Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and member of the Audit Committee and
member of the Nomination Committee)
Note: Subsequent to the Period, Mr. Wang Daomin and Mr. Li Zheng were appointed as non-executive Directors with effect from
28 January 2026 in replacement of Ms. Sun Fang and Mr. Fang Zhiwei.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 43

===== PAGE 45 =====
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
The list of Directors (by category) is also disclosed in all corporate communications issued by the Company pursuant to
the Listing Rules.
Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia was appointed as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 22 April 2025. In
compliance with Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules, Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia has also obtained the legal advice referred
to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on 15 April 2025 and has confirmed that she understood her obligations as a
Director of a listed issuer.
Subsequent to the Period, Mr. Wang Daomin and Mr. Li Zheng were appointed as non-executive Directors with effect
from 28 January 2026. In compliance with Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules, Mr. Wang Daomin and Mr. Li Zheng have
also obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on 27 January 2026 and 23 January 2026,
respectively, and have confirmed that they understood their obligations as Directors of a listed issuer.
The biographical information of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographical details of Directors and
senior management” on pages 24 to 30 of this annual report. None of the members of the Board is related to one
another, whether financial, business, family or otherwise.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The roles of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are segregated and held by Mr. Ren Yuhang and Mr. Liu
Yu, respectively, to ensure their respective independence, accountability and responsibility. The Chairman provides
leadership and is responsible for the Group’s strategic planning and the management of the operations of the Board,
while the Chief Executive Officer is responsible for carrying out the policies of the Board, takes the lead in the Group’s
operations and business development, and focuses on the daily management and operations generally. There is a
clear division of responsibilities between the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer which provides a balance of power
and authority.
Independent non-executive Directors
The Board consists of at least three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board with
at least one independent non-executive Director possessing appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or
related financial management expertise at all times during FY2025.
The Company has received written annual confirmation from each independent non-executive Director in respect
of his independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The
Company considers that all independent non-executive Directors are independent.
Appointment and re-election of Directors
Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service agreement with the Company for a term of three years
which can be terminated by either party by giving to the other not less than one month’s prior written notice. Each of
the non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) has entered into a letter of appointment
with the Company for a fixed term of three years which can be terminated by the Company by not less than three
months’ prior written notice.
According to Article 16.2 of the Articles, the Board shall have power from time to time and at any time to appoint any
person as a Director either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board. Any Director so appointed shall hold
office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election
at that meeting.
44 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 46 =====
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
According to Article 16.3 of the Articles, the Company may from time to time increase or reduce the number of
Directors in general meeting by ordinary resolution but so that the number of Directors shall not be less than two.
Subject to the provisions of these Articles and the Companies Act Cap. 22 of the Cayman Islands, the Company may
by ordinary resolution elect any person to be a Director either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the existing
Directors. Any Director so appointed shall hold office only until the next following annual general meeting of the
Company and shall then be eligible for re-election thereat.
According to Article 16.18 of the Articles, at every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the Directors
for the time being, or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than
one-third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific
term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Any Director appointed pursuant to
Article 16.2 or 16.3 of the Articles shall not be taken into account in determining which Directors are to retire by
rotation. A retiring Director shall retain office until the close of the meeting at which he retires and shall be eligible for
re-election thereat.
RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITIES AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE BOARD AND
MANAGEMENT
The Board has overall responsibility for the leadership and control of the Group, including the responsibilities for the
formulation of long-term strategies, and appointing and supervising senior management to ensure that the operation
of the Company is conducted in accordance with the objective of the Group; and is collectively responsible for
directing and supervising the Group’s affairs.
The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance,
and ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.
The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal control
and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial
information, appointment of directors and other significant operational matters of the Group. Responsibilities relating
to implementing decisions of the Board, directing and co-ordinating the daily operation and management of the
Group are delegated to the management.
The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of regulatory reporting of the
Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent views and judgement on corporate
actions and operations.
All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide
spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective
functioning.
All Directors may, upon request, seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances at the Company’s
expenses for discharging their duties to the Company.
The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them and the Board regularly reviews the
contribution required from each Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the Company.
The Board reviews and evaluates the independence of the Board on an annual basis and ensures that the Board is
provided with independent views and opinions by adopting a series of methods and approaches such as ensuring
the proportion of independent non-executive Directors on the Board and the Board committees, regularly evaluating
the independence of all non-executive Directors, striving to ensure that all Directors have equal opportunities and
channels to communicate and express their independent views and opinions to the Board and the Board committees,
etc..
During FY2025, the Board reviewed the effectiveness of Board independence mechanisms and the results were
satisfactory.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 45

===== PAGE 47 =====
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
BOARD MEETINGS
The Board meets regularly (at least four times a year) to discuss and approve the overall strategies and policies,
monitor the financial and operational performance, review corporate governance practices, consider and approve the
financial results as well as other significant matters of the Group. Additional meetings are convened as and when the
Board considers necessary. In case where conflict of interest arises involving a substantial shareholder or a Director,
such matter will not be dealt with by written resolutions. Independent non-executive Directors with no conflict of
interest will deal with such issues involving conflict of interest.
A tentative schedule for regular Board meetings for each year is provided to Directors at the beginning of each
calendar year. Notice of at least 14 days will be given to all Directors for all regular Board meetings and the Directors
can include matters for discussion in the agenda if necessary. Agenda and accompanying Board papers in respect
of regular Board meetings are sent out in full to all Directors at least 3 days before the meeting. Draft minutes of all
Board meetings are circulated to Directors for comment within a reasonable time prior to confirmation.
All Directors have access to Board papers and related materials, and are provided with adequate information in a
timely manner, which enable the Board to make an informed decision on matters placed before it.
Four regular Board meetings and seven extraordinary Board meetings were held during FY2025. The attendance
record of each Director at the Board meetings held during FY2025 is set out below:
Meetings attended/Number of meetings
Regular Extraordinary
Name of Directors Board meeting Board Meeting
Executive Directors
Mr. Liu Yu (Chief Executive Officer) 4/4 7/7
Ms. Zhao Jingyuan 4/4 7/7
Non-executive Directors
Mr. Ren Yuhang (Chairman) 4/4 7/7
Ms. Sun Fang 4/4 7/7
Mr. Cao Mingda 4/4 7/7
Mr. Fang Zhiwei 4/4 7/7
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Luo Zhenbang (CPA) 4/4 7/7
Mr. Huang Lixin 4/4 7/7
Mr. Li Wei(note 1) 1/1 3/3
Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia 3/3 4/4
Note:
1. Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in replacement of Mr. Li Wei with effect
from 22 April 2025.
46 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 48 =====
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
Apart from regular Board meetings and extraordinary Board meetings, the Chairman of the Board also held meeting
with independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors during FY2025.
BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has established four committees, namely, the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination
Committee and ESG Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Board committees
of the Company are established with specific written terms of reference which deal clearly with their authority and
duties. The terms of reference of the aforesaid committees have been posted on the Company’s website and the
website of the Stock Exchange and are available to the Shareholders upon request.
The list of the chairman and members of each Board committee is set out under “Board Composition” in this
Corporate Governance Report.
Audit Committee
The Company established the Audit Committee on 8 December 2011 with written terms of reference in compliance
with Rules 3.21 and 3.22 of the Listing Rules. On 30 December 2015, the Board adopted the revised written terms of
reference which became effective on 1 January 2016. On 25 December 2018, the Board adopted the further revised
written terms of reference which became effective on the same date. The written terms of reference of the Audit
Committee were adopted in compliance with code provisions D.3.3 and D.3.7 of the CG Code.
The Audit Committee currently consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Luo Zhenbang
(chairman of the Audit Committee), Mr. Huang Lixin and Ms. Ng Wing Yan ClaudiaNote.
Note: Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia was appointed as a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 22 April 2025 in
replacement of Mr. Li Wei.
The primary duties of the Audit Committee, among other things, are (i) to make recommendations to the Board
on the scope of audit and appointment, re-appointment and removal of external auditor; (ii) review the financial
statements and material advice in respect of financial reporting; (iii) oversee internal control and risk management
systems of the Company; and (iv) review the effectiveness of the internal audit function and arrangements to enable
employees of the Company to raise concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or
other matters of the Company.
The Audit Committee held six meetings during FY2025 to, among others, review the interim and annual financial
results and reports of the Group and significant issues on financial reporting, operational and compliance controls.
The Audit Committee also reviewed the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems,
internal audit function and compliance procedures, and considered matters regarding reappointment of external
auditors, relevant scope of works and connected transactions and arrangements for employees to raise concerns
about possible improprieties.
The Audit Committee also met the external auditors twice without presence of the executive Directors.
The attendance record of each member at the Audit Committee meetings held during FY2025 is set out below:
Meetings attended/
Number of meetings
Mr. Luo Zhenbang (CPA) (chairman of the Audit Committee) 6/6
Mr. Huang Lixin 6/6
Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia 4/4
Mr. Li Wei 2/2
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 47

===== PAGE 49 =====
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
Remuneration Committee
The Company established the Remuneration Committee on 8 December 2011 with written terms of reference in
compliance with Rules 3.25 and 3.26 of the Listing Rules. On 25 December 2018 and 26 October 2022, the Board
respectively adopted the revised written terms of reference which became effective on the same date. The written
terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee was adopted in compliance with code provision E.1.2 of the CG
Code.
The Remuneration Committee currently consists of two independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. Ng Wing
Yan ClaudiaNote (chairman of the Remuneration Committee) and Mr. Huang Lixin, and one non-executive Director,
namely Mr. Ren Yuhang.
Note: Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia was appointed as the chairman of the Remuneration Committee with effect from 22 April 2025 in
replacement of Mr. Li Wei.
The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are to review and make recommendations to the Board on
the remuneration packages of executive Directors, non-executive Directors and senior management and overall
remuneration policy and structure relating to all Directors and senior management of the Group, and establish
transparent procedures for developing such remuneration policy and structure and to ensure that none of the
Directors or any of his/her associates will participate in deciding his/her own remuneration.
The Remuneration Committee held three meetings during FY2025 to review and make recommendation to the Board
on the remuneration policy and the remuneration packages of the Directors and senior management. Details of the
remuneration of senior management by band are set out in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in this
annual report.
The attendance record of each member at the Remuneration Committee meeting held during FY2025 is set out
below:
Meetings attended/
Number of meetings
Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia (chairman of the Remuneration Committee) 1/1
Mr. Li Wei (former chairman of the Remuneration Committee) 2/2
Mr. Ren Yuhang 3/3
Mr. Huang Lixin 3/3
Nomination Committee
The Company established the Nomination Committee on 8 December 2011 with written terms of reference in
compliance with code provisions B.3.1 of the CG Code. On 25 December 2018, the Board adopted the revised written
terms of reference which became effective on the same date. The Nomination Committee adopted a board diversity
policy on 30 August 2013 to achieve diversity on the Board which was subsequently revised on 25 December 2018.
On 19 June 2025, the Board adopted the revised written terms of reference which became effective on the same
date.
The Nomination Committee currently consists of one non-executive Director, namely Mr. Ren Yuhang (chairman of
the Nomination Committee) and two independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Huang Lixin and Ms. Ng Wing
Yan ClaudiaNote.
Note: Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia was appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee with effect from 22 April 2025 in
replacement of Mr. Li Wei.
48 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 50 =====
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size, diversity and composition of
the Board on a regular basis; develop and formulate relevant procedures for the nomination and appointment of
Directors; identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members; assess the independence of independent
non-executive Directors; and make recommendations to the Board on relevant matters relating to the appointment or
succession planning of Directors.
In assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee would take into account various aspects as well as
factors concerning Board diversity as set out in the Company’s board diversity policy. The Nomination Committee
would discuss and agree on measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where necessary, and
recommend them to the Board for adoption. In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for directorships,
the Nomination Committee would consider the candidate’s relevant criteria as set out in the Company’s director
nomination policy that are necessary to complement the corporate strategy and achieve Board diversity, where
appropriate, before making recommendation to the Board. The director nomination policy as adopted by the Board
sets out the procedure and criteria in the nomination and appointment of Directors.
The Nomination Committee held three meetings during FY2025 to discuss and review the structure, size and
composition of the Board and the independence of the independent non-executive Directors as well as matters
regarding retirement and re-election of Directors at annual general meeting.
The attendance record of each member at the Nomination Committee meeting held during FY2025 is set out below:
Meetings attended/
Number of meetings
Mr. Ren Yuhang (chairman of the Nomination committee) 3/3
Mr. Huang Lixin 3/3
Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia 1/1
Mr. Li Wei 2/2
ESG Committee
The Company established the ESG Committee on 29 November 2021 with written terms of reference. On 130
December 2025, the Board adopted the revised written terms of reference which became effective on the same date.
The ESG Committee currently consists of one non-executive Director, namely Mr. Ren Yuhang (chairman of the ESG
Committee), one executive Director, namely Mr. Liu Yu, and one independent non-executive Director, namely Mr. Luo
Zhenbang.
The terms of reference of the ESG Committee are to review, approve and report to the board of directors the
company’s ESG principles, objectives, standards and matters, and to supervise, review and evaluate their effective
implementation in the formulation of strategies, systems and business practices. The ESG Committee is also
responsible for reviewing and recommending the ESG reports to the board of directors, etc.
The ESG Committee held two meetings during FY2025 to discuss the Company’s ESG report, ESG objectives, etc. and
report to the Board.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 49

===== PAGE 51 =====
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
The attendance record of each member at the ESG Committee meeting held during FY2025 is set out below:
Meeting attended/
Number of meeting
Mr. Ren Yuhang (chairman of the ESG committee) 2/2
Mr. Liu Yu 2/2
Mr. Luo Zhenbang 2/2
BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
The Company adopted a board diversity policy on 30 August 2013 to achieve diversity on the Board which was
subsequently revised on 6 December 2013 and 25 December 2018 (the “Board Diversity Policy”) and is available on
the website of the Company. The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and sees
increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in maintaining the Company’s competitive advantage.
Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Nomination Committee will review annually the structure, size and
composition of the Board and where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the Board to complement
the Company’s corporate strategy and to ensure that the Board maintains a balanced diverse profile. In relation to
reviewing and assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee is committed to maintaining diversity
at all levels and will consider the measurable objectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and
educational background, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and industry and regional experience.
The Company aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of the Board that are relevant to the
Company’s business growth and is also committed to ensuring that selection and nomination of Board positions are
appropriately structured so that a diverse range of candidates are considered.
For the purpose of implementation of the Board Diversity Policy, the Board will consider the following measurable
objectives:
1. at least one third of the Directors shall be an independent non-executive Directors;
2. at least one Director and senior management is female; and
3. at least one Director shall have obtained accounting or other professional qualifications.
During the Period, all the measurable objectives have been fulfilled and the Company considers that the Board
satisfies the Board Diversity Policy.
As at 31 December 2025, the Board comprised nine members, including two female Directors who have a balance
mix of knowledge, skill and experience. The Company has taken and will continue to take steps to promote gender
diversity at all levels of the Company, including but without limitation at Board and senior management levels.
For succession planning to maintain gender diversity on the Board, the Board will ensure, by upholding an open, fair,
just and reasonable human resource policy with equal opportunities for talent attraction and promotion regardless of
gender, that a diverse pipeline of candidates are available to take up leadership positions when any vacancy arises.
The Company will also ensure that there is gender diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior levels. It is the
Company’s objective to maintain an appropriate balance of gender diversity with reference to the stakeholders’
expectation and international and local recommended best practices. As at 31 December 2025, the gender ratio in
the workforce (including senior management) was approximately 71.3% males and 28.7% females.
50 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 52 =====
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
At present, the Nomination Committee considered an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of the Board is
maintained and has achieved the measurable objectives in implementing the Board Diversity Policy.
The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy, as appropriate and on a regular basis, to ensure its
continued effectiveness.
DIRECTOR NOMINATION POLICY
The Board has delegated its responsibilities and authority for selection and appointment of Directors to the
Nomination Committee of the Company. Without prejudice to the authority and duties of the Nomination Committee
as set out in its terms of reference, the ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of Directors of the
Company rests with the entire Board.
The Company has adopted a director nomination policy (the “Director Nomination Policy”) which sets out the
selection criteria and process and the Board succession planning considerations in relation to nomination and
appointment of Directors of the Company and aims to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and
diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Company and the continuity of the Board and appropriate leadership at
Board level.
The nomination process set out in the Director Nomination Policy is as follows:
Appointment of New Director
• The Nomination Committee and/or the Board may select candidates for directorship from various channels,
including but not limited to recommendation by Shareholders, re-designation etc.;
• The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should, upon receipt of the proposal on appointment of new
director and the biographical information (or relevant details) of the candidate, evaluate such candidate based on
the criteria as set out above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship;
• If the process yields one or more desirable candidates, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should rank
them by order of preference based on the needs of the Company and reference check of each candidate (where
applicable);
• The Nomination Committee should then recommend to the Board to appoint the appropriate candidate for
directorship, as applicable;
• For any person that is nominated by a Shareholder for election as a Director at the general meeting of the
Company, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should evaluate such candidate based on the criteria as
set out above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship; and
• Where appropriate, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should make recommendation to Shareholders
in respect of the proposed election of Director at the general meeting.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 51

===== PAGE 53 =====
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
Re-election of Director at General Meeting
• The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should review the overall contribution and service to the Company
of the retiring Director and the level of participation and performance on the Board;
• The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should also review and determine whether the retiring Director
continues to meet the criteria as set out above; and
• The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should then make recommendation to Shareholders in respect of
the proposed re-election of Director at the general meeting.
Where the board proposes a resolution to elect or re-elect a candidate as Director at the general meeting, the
relevant information of the candidate will be disclosed in the circular to Shareholders and/or explanatory statement
accompanying the notice of the relevant general meeting in accordance with the Listing Rules and/or applicable laws
and regulations.
The Director Nomination Policy sets out the factors for assessing the suitability and the potential contribution to the
Board of a proposed candidate, including but not limited to the following:
• Character and integrity;
• Qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience that are relevant to the
Company’s business and corporate strategy;
• Diversity aspects under the Board Diversity Policy, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and
educational background, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and industry and regional experience;
• Requirements of independent non-executive Directors on the Board and independence of the proposed
independent non-executive Directors in accordance with the Listing Rules; and
• Commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest to discharge duties as a member of the Board and/
or Board committee of the Company.
During FY2025, the Nomination Committee recommended to the Board the appointment of an independent non-
executive Director, namely Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia. Such appointment was subject to a stringent nomination
process in accordance with the Director Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy, to ensure the Board
possesses the necessary skills, experience and knowledge in alignment with the Company’s strategy.
The Nomination Committee will conduct a regular review on the Director Nomination Policy, as appropriate, to ensure
its effectiveness.
52 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 54 =====
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code.
The Board determines the Company’s corporate governance policies and performs corporate governance duties set
out in the CG Code. Its corporate governance duties include, among others, (i) to develop and review the Company’s
policies and practices on corporate governance; (ii) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional
development of Directors and senior management; (iii) to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices
on compliance with legal or regulatory requirements; and (iv) to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code
and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.
Throughout FY2025, the Board has performed the functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the CG code.
DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has devised the Securities Dealing Code on terms no less exacting than the required standard of
dealings set out in the Model Code. The Company customarily issues notices to its Directors reminding them of the
general prohibition on dealing in the Company’s listed securities during the blackout periods before the publication
of announcements of financial results. Having made specific enquiry of the Directors, all the Directors confirmed
that they have complied with the required standards set out in the Securities Dealing Code and the Model Code
throughout FY2025. The Securities Dealing Code also applies to employees to whom the Securities Dealing Code was
given. The Company was not aware of any non-compliance of the Model Code for FY2025.
DIRECTORS’ AND OFFICERS’ LIABILITIES
The Company has arranged for appropriate insurance covering the liabilities of the Directors and officers in respect of
any legal actions taken against the Directors and officers that may arise out of the corporate activities. The insurance
coverage will be reviewed on an annual basis.
CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS
Directors shall keep abreast of regulatory developments and changes in order to effectively perform their
responsibilities and to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.
Induction materials and relevant guideline materials regarding the duties and responsibilities of being a director,
the relevant laws and regulations applicable to directors, duty of disclosure of interests and business in the Group
will be provided to newly appointed Directors shortly upon their appointment as Directors to ensure appropriate
understanding of the business and operations of the Group and full awareness of director’s responsibilities and
obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements. Continuing briefings and professional
development to Directors will be arranged when necessary. All Directors are encouraged to attend relevant training
courses at the Company’s expenses.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 53

===== PAGE 55 =====
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
In FY2025, the Company held many training courses for all Directors, including listing rules and relevant guidelines,
inside information, ESG, etc.. All Directors attended the trainings.
Name of Directors Participation
Executive Directors
Mr. Liu Yu (Chief Executive Officer) Attended
Ms. Zhao Jingyuan Attended
Non-executive Directors
Mr. Ren Yuhang (Chairman) Attended
Ms. Sun Fang Attended
Mr. Cao Mingda Attended
Mr. Fang Zhiwei Attended
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Luo Zhenbang Attended
Mr. Huang Lixin Attended
Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia Attended
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
The Board of Directors is responsible for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of risks it is willing to
accept in achieving the Group’s strategic objectives (including but not limited to material ESG-related risks).
In FY2025, the Group conducted a comprehensive risk assessment and communicated the results to the Board
once. This assessment covered the management and key positions within various business units and was performed
based on the Group’s current comprehensive risk list, which includes strategic, operational, market, legal, financial,
compliance, and ESG risks. Through a process of risk identification, evaluation, prioritisation, and management,
the major risks currently faced were determined, and ongoing risk management will be implemented until the next
comprehensive risk assessment to ensure the Group’s stable operation and long-term development.
Since the comprehensive risk assessment in FY2024, there have been no significant changes in the nature and severity
of the Group’s major risks (including ESG risks), nor in the ability to respond to business and external environmental
changes.
The Board ensures that the Group has and maintains appropriate and effective risk management and internal control
systems to address identified risks, safeguard the issuer’s assets, prevent and detect fraud, misconduct, and losses and
ensure accurate financial reporting and compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
The Group continues to optimise its integrated management system of “internal control, compliance, risk, legal
affairs, and audits”. In FY2025, the Internal Control, Compliance, and Risk Management Manual was updated to fully
align with the standards of BII. This update involved refining and simplifying control activity descriptions, highlighting
the compliance responsibilities of key positions, and ensuring each responsibility is matched with its regulatory basis or
operational mechanism.
54 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 56 =====
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
The Board continuously supervises the management’s design, implementation, and monitoring of the risk
management and internal control systems and ensures that the Group and its subsidiaries review the effectiveness of
these systems annually. The management provides confirmation to the Board regarding the effectiveness.
The Group’s internal audit function is assigned to the Legal Audit Department, which is responsible for organising
reviews of the effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems by the Group and its subsidiaries in
FY2025. This involves evaluating internal controls and assessing the effectiveness of the compliance management
system. The review encompasses all major control measures, including financial, operational, and compliance aspects.
The management communicated the review results to the Board once, and the Board confirmed that the Group’s risk
management and internal control systems were adequate and effective for FY2025, with no significant control failures
or weaknesses identified.
The Group’s procedures for financial reporting and compliance with the Listing Rules are well-designed and effectively
executed, ensuring accurate, reliable, and consistently compliant financial reporting.
The Group allocates sufficient resources to its accounting, internal audit, and financial reporting functions, as well
as environmental, social, and governance performance and reporting. The Finance Department, Legal and Audit
Department, and Capital Operation Department are respectively responsible for accounting and financial reporting,
internal auditing, and ESG-related work. The employees of these departments all possess relevant experience and
expertise.
As the reporting policy of the Group, the Reporting Management Measures allows employees and other persons who
have dealings with the Group (e.g. customers and suppliers) to confidentially and anonymously raise their concerns
about any potential misconduct related to the Group with the Audit Committee. The Reporting Handling Office
reported to the Board and Audit Committee that it did not receive any concerns about possible improprieties relating
to the Group in FY2025.
As the Group’s policy to promote and support anti-corruption laws and regulations, the Anti-fraud Regulation
sets out the definition of fraud, remedial measures and penalties, with the aim of preventing and controlling
fraud, strengthening the Group’s risk management and internal control systems, promoting a culture of probity,
standardising business practices, safeguarding the interests of the Group, and protecting the legitimate rights and
interests of shareholders.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 55

===== PAGE 57 =====
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for the preparation of the financial statements of the Company for
FY2025 and ensure that the financial statements are prepared in accordance with applicable statutory requirements
and financial reporting standards. Appropriate accounting policies have been used and applied consistently, and
reasonable and prudent judgements and estimates have been made.
Having made appropriate enquiries, the Board is not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or
conditions which may cast significant doubt over the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly,
the Board has continued to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the financial statements.
The statement of the external auditors of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities on the financial
statements of the Group is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 63 to 69 of this annual report.
AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
The fees paid and payable to the Company’s external auditors in respect of their audit and non-audit services provided
to the Company for FY2025 were as follows:
Amount
HK$’000
Type of services
Audit services 1,406
Non-audit services (for provision of interim results review service) 602
2,008
COMPANY SECRETARY
The position of joint company secretaries of the Company is held by Mr. Liu Yefei and Ms. Ng Ka Man. Ms. Ng
is a senior manager of the Listing Services Department of TMF Hong Kong Limited, a global professional services
provider specialising in integrated business, corporate and investor services. Mr. Liu is general manager of Capital
Operation Department of Company. Mr. Liu is also the primary corporate contact person of Ms. Ng. He would work
and communicate with Ms. Ng on the Company’s corporate governance and secretarial and administrative matters.
All Directors have access to the advice and services of the company secretary on corporate governance and board
practices and matters. Mr. Liu and Ms. Ng have taken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in
compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules during FY2025.
56 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 58 =====
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
INVESTOR RELATIONS AND COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Board recognises the importance of good communications with the Shareholders. The Company believes that
maintaining a high level of transparency is a key to enhance investor relations and investor understanding of the
Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company is committed to a policy of open and timely disclosure of
corporate information to its shareholders and investment public.
The Company updates its Shareholders on its latest business developments and financial performance through
its corporate publications including interim and annual reports as well as other announcements and circulars. The
Company maintains its website (www.biitt.cn) to provide a communication channel for the public and its shareholders.
All corporate communication and the Company’s latest updates are available on the Company’s website for public
information.
The annual general meeting (“AGM”) or extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) of the Company provide
opportunities for direct communication between the Shareholders and the Board and the Directors are available to
meet the Shareholders and answer their questions. During FY2025, an AGM and two EGMs were held.
The attendance records of each Director at the AGM and the EGMs are set out below:
Meetings attended/Number of meetings
Name of Directors AGM EGM
Executive Directors
Mr. Liu Yu (Chief Executive Officer) 1/1 2/2
Ms. Zhao Jingyuan 1/1 2/2
Non-executive Directors
Mr. Ren Yuhang (Chairman) 1/1 2/2
Ms. Sun Fang 1/1 2/2
Mr. Cao Mingda 1/1 2/2
Mr. Fang Zhiwei 1/1 2/2
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Luo Zhenbang (CPA) 1/1 2/2
Mr. Huang Lixin 1/1 2/2
Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia 1/1 2/2
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 57

===== PAGE 59 =====
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
To safeguard shareholders’ interests and rights, separate resolution should be proposed for each substantial issue at
general meetings, including the election of individual Director. All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be
voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company and of
the Stock Exchange after each general meeting.
The Company engages with Shareholders through various communication channels.
Procedures for Shareholders to Convene an EGM
According to Article 12.3 of the Articles, EGM of the Company may be convened on the written requisition of any one
or more members of the Company holding together, as at the date of deposit of the requisition, shares representing
not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company which carry the right of voting at general meetings of
the Company, on a one vote per share basis.
If the Board does not within 21 days from the date of deposit of the requisition proceed to convene the meeting
to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionist(s) themselves or any of them representing more than one-half
of the total voting rights of all of them, may convene the EGM in the same manner, as nearly as possible, as that in
which meetings may be convened by the Board provided that any meeting so convened shall not be held after the
expiration of three months from the date of deposit of the requisition, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the
requisitionist(s) shall be reimbursed to them by the Company.
Procedures for Shareholders to Put Forward Proposals at Shareholders’ Meetings
According to Article 12.3 of the Articles, Shareholders may put forward proposals at Shareholders’ Meetings by the
written requisition of any one or more members of the Company holding together, as at the date of deposit of the
requisition, shares representing not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company which carry the right of
voting at general meetings of the Company, on a one vote per share basis.
Procedures for Shareholders to Direct Enquiries to the Board
For putting enquiries to the Board, the Shareholders can contact the Company as follows:
Address: Rm 2502, 25/F, Tower 1, Enterprise Square Five
38 Wang Chiu Road
Kowloon Bay
Hong Kong
Email: IR@biitt.cn
Tel (HK): (852) 2805 2588
Tel (Beijing): (86) 010 8462 2731
Fax: (852) 2805 2488
Attention: The Board of Directors c/o Capital Operation Department
58 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 60 =====
Corporate Governance Report (continued)
For share registration related matters, such as share transfer and registration, change of name or address, loss of share
certificates or dividend warrants, the registered shareholders shall contact the Company’s Hong Kong branch share
registrar and transfer office as follows:
Address: Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong
Email: is-enquiries@vistra.com
Tel: (852) 2980 1333
Fax: (852) 2810 8185
For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholder(s) must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition, notice
or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above addresses, where appropriate, and provide their full
name, contact details and identification in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as
required by law.
Shareholders may call the Company at (852) 2805 2588 for any assistance.
Policies relating to Shareholders
The Company has in place a Shareholders’ Communication Policy to ensure that shareholders’ views and concerns
are appropriately addressed. The Company maintains close contact with investors, continuously communicating with
them through online meetings, phone calls, face-to-face conversations, and other means, and answering questions
about the Group’s strategic direction, business development, prospects, and other concerns at any time. Investors
can also learn about the latest information of the Company through Shareholder meetings, Company websites,
Shareholder inquiries, and other means. In 2025, the Group has communicated with investors and analysts more than
50 times. The Board has conducted an annual review of the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders
Communication Policy of the Company, and considered that the policy was implemented effectively during the year.
The Company has adopted a Dividend Policy on payment of dividends, which sets out the principles and guidelines
that the Company intends to apply in relation to the declaration, payment or distribution of its net profits as dividends
to the Shareholders. After the Board took comprehensive consideration of strategic planning, business expansion,
operation management, dividend payout and other factors, the Group has established a sustainable, stable and
scientific return mechanism for Shareholders. The mid-to-long-term dividend payout ratio is not lower than 30% in
principle, which will provide Shareholders with tangible returns. The specific dividend allocation will depend on the
annual results, cash flows and other factors, subject to the approval of Shareholders at the relevant annual general
meeting.
Constitutional Documents
There had been no changes in the constitutional documents of the Company during FY2025.
The second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company is available on the
websites of the Stock Exchange and of the Company.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 59

===== PAGE 61 =====
DEFINITIONS
2026 annual general meeting of the Company “2026 AGM”
Automatic Fare Collection Clearing Centre “ACC”
(自動售檢票清算中心)
Automated Fare Collection System (自動售檢票系統) “AFC”
Automatic Fare Collection Network Control Centre “ANCC”
(自動售檢票線網管理中心)
Baoding Cornerstone Lianying Venture Capital “Cornerstone Lianying”
Investment Fund Centre (Limited Liability Partnership)*
(保定基石連盈創業投資基金中心（有限合夥）)
Beijing Beikong Telecom Technology Service Co., Ltd.* “Beikong Telecom”
(北京北控電信通技術服務有限公司)
Beijing Capital Metro Co., Ltd.* (北京京城地鐵有限公司) “Capital Metro”
Beijing City Railway Holdings Company Limited “Beijing City Railway”
（北京城市軌道交通控股有限公司）
Beijing Cornerstone Huiying Venture Capital Centre “Cornerstone Huiying”
(Limited Liability Partnership)
(北京基石慧盈創業投資中心（有限合夥）)
Beijing Infrastructure Investment Co., Ltd.* “BII”
(北京市基礎設施投資有限公司)
Beijing Infrastructure Investment (Hong Kong) Limited “BII HK”
（京投（香港）有限公司）
Beijing Jingtou Rail Transit Real Estate Development Co., Ltd* “BII Real Estate”
(北京京投軌道交通置業開發有限公司)
Beijing Metro Network Administration Co., Ltd.* “Metro Network”
(北京軌道交通路網管理有限公司)
Beijing Metro Science and Technology “Metro Technology”
Development Co., Ltd.* (北京地鐵科技發展有限公司)
Beijing Ruubypay Science and Technology Co., Ltd* “Ruubypay”
(北京如易行科技有限公司)
Beijing SmartTOD Technology Development Co., Ltd* “SmartTOD Technology”
(北京京智網智慧科技發展有限公司)
60 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 62 =====
Definitions (continued)
Beijing Subway Information Development Co., Ltd. “Information Development”
(北京地鐵信息發展有限公司)
Beijing Traffic Control Silicon Valley Technology Co., Ltd.* “Traffic Control Silicon Valley”
(北京交控硅谷科技有限公司)
BII Information Security Technology Development “BII Xin An”
Company Limited* (北京京投信安科技發展有限公司)
BII Railway Technology Development Holdings “BII Railway”
Company Limited (京投軌道科技發展有限公司)
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings “the Company”
Company Limited（ 京投軌道交通科技控股有限公司）
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings “the Group”
Company Limited and its subsidiaries
(京投軌道交通科技控股有限公司及其附屬公司)
BII Technical Equipment Group Co., Ltd.* “BII Technical”
(北京軌道交通技術裝備集團有限公司)
BII Technology Development Co., Ltd.* “BII-TDBJ”
(北京京投卓越科技發展有限公司)
BII Transit Systems (Beijing) Co., Ltd.* “BII-TSBJ”
（億雅捷交通系統（北京）有限公司）
BII Transit Systems (HK) Co., Ltd “BII-TSHK”
（京投交通科技（香港）有限公司）
BII Transportation Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.* “BII-TTBJ”
(北京京投億雅捷交通科技有限公司)
BII Zhongfu Technology Company Limited* “BII Zhongfu”
(京投眾甫科技有限公司)
Board of Directors “Board”
China City Railway Transportation Technology “CCRTT Investment”
Investment Co., Ltd.
(中國城市軌道交通科技投資有限公司）
For the year ended 31 December 2023 “FY2023”
For the year ended 31 December 2024 “FY2024”
For the year ended 31 December 2025 “FY2025”,”Period”
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 61

===== PAGE 63 =====
Definitions (continued)
Great Legend Development Limited（ 華駿發展有限公司） “Great Legend”
Litmus Technologies (Beijing) Co., Ltd.* “Litmus”
(北京樂碼仕智能科技有限公司)
More Legend Limited “More Legend”
Multiple Line Centre (多線共用線路中心) “MLC”
Ordinary share(s) of HK$0.01 each in the share capital of “Share(s)”
the Company
Passenger Information System (乘客信息系統) “PIS”
Shareholder(s) of the Company “Shareholder(s)”
Suzhou Huaqi Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.* “Huaqi Intelligent”
(蘇州華啟智能科技股份有限公司)
the director(s) of the Company “Director(s)”
The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities “Listing Rules”
on the Stock Exchange
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited “Stock Exchange”
（香港聯合交易所有限公司）
Traffic Control Centre (線網指揮中心) “TCC”
Youdao Technology Co., Ltd “Youdao Technology”
(友道科技有限公司, formerly known as
Beijing Zhilian Youdao Technology Co., Ltd
(北京智聯友道科技有限公司))
* For identification purposes only
62 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 64 =====
Independent Auditor’s Report
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company
Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 70 to 158, which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025, the consolidated statement of profit or loss,
the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes
in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended and notes, comprising material
accounting policy information and other explanatory information.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2025 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows
for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further
described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report.
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the
“Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 63

===== PAGE 65 =====
Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.
Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets
Refer to Notes 3(b), 18(a), 19 and 29(a) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note
2(k)(i).
The Key audit matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s trade receivables Our audit procedures to assess the loss allowances
and contract assets amounted to approximately for trade receivables and contract assets included the
HK$649,973,000 and HK$1,017,498,000, representing following:
12.80% and 20.04% of the total assets, respectively.
• understanding and evaluating the design and
The Group measures loss allowances on trade implementation of key internal controls relating
receivables and contract assets at amounts equal to credit control, debt collection and estimating
to lifetime expected credit losses (the “ECL”) loss allowances for trade receivables and contract
using a provision matrix which involved significant assets;
management judgement in estimating loss rate and
adjusting factors that are specific to the debtors and • evaluating the Group’s policy and methodology
an assessment of both the current and forecast general for estimating the credit loss allowance with
economic conditions at the reporting date. For trade reference to the requirements of the prevailing
receivables or contract assets that are individually accounting standards;
significant with objective evidence that the credit risk is
obviously different from others, ECL is measured on an • on a sample basis, comparing the categorisation
individual basis. of trade receivables and contract assets in the
ageing report with invoices issued, contract
We identified assessing loss allowances for trade terms, contract progress reports and other
receivables and contract assets as a key audit matter relevant underlying documentation;
because of the significance of the balances of trade
receivables and contract assets to the consolidated • understanding the key data and assumptions
financial statements and the significant management of the expected credit loss model adopted
judgement required in estimating the loss allowances at by management, including the basis of the
the reporting date, which can be inherently uncertain. segmentation of the trade receivables and
contract assets based on credit risk characteristics,
the historical default data, and the assumptions
involved in management’s estimated loss rate;
64 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 66 =====
Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)
KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets (continued)
Refer to Notes 3(b), 18(a), 19 and 29(a) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note
2(k)(i).
The Key audit matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
Our audit procedures to assess the loss allowances
for trade receivables and contract assets included the
following: (continued)
• assessing the reasonableness of management’s
loss allowance estimates by examining the
information used by management to form such
judgements, including testing the accuracy of the
historical default data and evaluating whether
the historical loss rates are appropriately adjusted
based on current economic conditions and
forward-looking information; and
• on a sample basis, inspecting cash receipts after
31 December 2025 from customers relating to
trade receivables and contract assets balances as
at 31 December 2025.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 65

===== PAGE 67 =====
Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)
KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
Assessing potential impairment of goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful life
Refer to Notes 3(c), 12 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note 2(k)(ii).
The Key audit matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
As at 31 December 2025, goodwill and trademarks Our audit procedures to assess the potential
with indefinite useful life amounted to approximately impairment of goodwill and trademarks with indefinite
HK$557,687,000 and HK$94,108,000, respectively. useful life included the following:
Goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful • understanding and evaluating the design and
life are assessed annually for potential impairment. implementation of key internal controls over the
Management performs impairment assessments of the impairment assessment;
cash-generating units (“CGUs”) to which the assets
are allocated by considering the value-in-use of these • evaluating management’s identification of CGUs
assets. and the amounts of goodwill, trademarks with
indefinite useful life and other assets allocated to
The value-in-use was determined by preparing those CGUs;
discounted cash flow forecasts of the relevant CGUs.
This involves a significant degree of management • e v a l u a t i n g t h e m e t h o d o l o g y u s e d b y
judgement, particularly the future sales growth rates, management in preparing the discounted cash
corresponding gross margin rates and the discount flow forecasts with reference to the requirements
rates applied. of the prevailing accounting standards and
assessing the discount rates applied in the
We identified assessing potential impairment of discounted cash flow forecasts by comparing
goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful with the range of those adopted by other
life as a key audit matter because the impairment companies in the same industry;
assessment of these assets involves a significant degree
of management judgement in relation to the key • assessing and challenging the key assumptions
assumptions adopted in the impairment assessment adopted by management in its discounted cash
models some of which are inherently uncertain and flow forecasts, such as the estimated future sales
may be subject to management bias. growth rates and corresponding gross margin
rates, with reference to historical sales growth
rates and corresponding profit margins rates of
the individual CGUs and the financial budgets
approved by the directors of the Company;
66 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 68 =====
Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)
KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
Assessing potential impairment of goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful life (continued)
Refer to Notes 3(c), 12 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note 2(k)(ii).
The Key audit matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
Our audit procedures to assess the potential
impairment of goodwill and trademarks with indefinite
useful life included the following: (continued)
• performing a retrospective review of the
prior year’s discounted cash flow forecasts
and comparing the forecast with the current
year’s actual results to assess the reliability of
management’s forecasting process;
• obtaining from management sensitivity analyses
of the key assumptions, including future sales
growth rates, corresponding gross margin rates
and the discount rates applied, adopted in the
discounted cash flow forecasts and considering
any indicators of management bias; and
• assessing the adequacy of disclosures relating to
impairment testing of goodwill and trademarks
with indefinite useful life in the context of the
applicable financial reporting standards.
OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the
information included in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based
on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 67

===== PAGE 69 =====
Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)
RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is
necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.
The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s
financial reporting process.
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes
our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
– Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
– Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Group’s internal control.
– Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
related disclosures made by the directors.
68 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 70 =====
Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
– Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
– Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
– Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work
performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.
We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.
The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Wan Wing Ping.
Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Wan Wing Ping
Practising certificate number P07471
Hong Kong, 30 March 2026
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 69

===== PAGE 71 =====
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Revenue 4 1,775,748 1,656,773
Cost of sales (1,182,210) (1,037,086)
Gross profit 593,538 619,687
Other income and other gains/losses 5 19,183 21,790
Selling, general and administrative expenses (266,438) (266,556)
Impairment loss on trade, bills and other receivables and
contract assets, net 29(a) (11,368) (13,447)
Research and development expenses (166,703) (159,599)
Profit from operations 168,212 201,875
Finance costs 6(a) (12,333) (9,884)
Share of results of joint ventures and associates 23,939 21,888
Fair value changes in other financial assets measured at fair value
through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) (9,253) (7,597)
Profit before taxation 6 170,565 206,282
Income tax 7 (26,301) (26,775)
Profit for the year 144,264 179,507
Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company 133,974 167,604
Non-controlling interests 10,290 11,903
Profit for the year 144,264 179,507
Earnings per share
Basic and diluted (HK$) 10 0.064 0.080
The notes on pages 78 to 158 form part of these consolidated financial statements. Details of dividends payable to
equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the profit for the year are set out in Note 28(b).
70 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 72 =====
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Profit for the year 144,264 179,507
Other comprehensive (expense)/income for the year, net of tax:
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Other financial assets designated at fair value through
other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)
Change in fair value (8,740) 6,578
Tax effect 1,311 (987)
(7,429) 5,591
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 83,665 (65,853)
Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year 76,236 (60,262)
Total comprehensive income for the year 220,500 119,245
Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company 204,822 119,606
Non-controlling interests 15,678 (361)
Total comprehensive income for the year 220,500 119,245
The notes on pages 78 to 158 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 71

===== PAGE 73 =====
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2025 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 11 252,311 258,100
Intangible assets 12 172,984 181,559
Goodwill 13 557,687 543,944
Interests in joint ventures and associates 15 298,985 385,430
Other financial assets 16 226,058 197,387
Deferred tax assets 26(a) 35,801 33,536
1,543,826 1,599,956
Current assets
Inventories 17 493,554 451,136
Contract assets 18(a) 1,017,498 735,056
Trade and other receivables 19 1,202,219 1,285,764
Bank deposit and cash 20(a) 820,638 761,204
3,533,909 3,233,160
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 21 1,523,518 1,356,920
Contract liabilities 18(b) 25,643 38,604
Bank borrowings 22 116,251 101,507
Other borrowings 23 28,832 28,262
Lease liabilities 24 17,731 18,287
Current taxation 30,694 27,043
Provision for warranties 25 5,427 5,165
1,748,096 1,575,788
Net current assets 1,785,813 1,657,372
Total assets less current liabilities 3,329,639 3,257,328
72 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 74 =====
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (continued)
As at 31 December 2025 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Non-current liabilities
Other borrowings 23 165,000 255,000
Lease liabilities 24 18,673 20,243
Contingent considerations – 1,955
Deferred tax liabilities 26(a) 31,935 33,690
Deferred income 27 2,558 1,296
Provision for warranties 25 4,313 4,201
222,479 316,385
NET ASSETS 3,107,160 2,940,943
CAPITAL AND RESERVES 28
Share capital 20,971 20,971
Reserves 2,909,120 2,754,630
Total equity attributable to equity shareholders
of the Company 2,930,091 2,775,601
Non-controlling interests 177,069 165,342
TOTAL EQUITY 3,107,160 2,940,943
Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 30 March 2026.
Liu Yu Zhao Jingyuan
Director Director
The notes on pages 78 to 158 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 73

===== PAGE 75 =====
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
Fair value Non-
Share Share Capital Statutory reserve Exchange Retained controlling
capital premium reserve reserves (non-recycling) reserve profits Total interests Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Balance at 1 January 2024 20,971 1,607,664 53,480 98,473 51,211 (179,015) 1,055,034 2,707,818 171,031 2,878,849
Changes in equity for 2024:
Profit for the year – – – – – – 167,604 167,604 11,903 179,507
Other comprehensive income/(expense) – – – – 5,591 (53,589) – (47,998) (12,264) (60,262)
Total comprehensive income/(expense) – – – – 5,591 (53,589) 167,604 119,606 (361) 119,245
Dividends to non-controlling interests – – – – – – – – (5,328) (5,328)
Dividends approved in respect of the
previous year (Note 28(b)(ii)) – (52,429) – – – – – (52,429) – (52,429)
Appropriation to reserves – – – 18,847 – – (18,847) – – –
Others – – 606 – – – – 606 – 606
– (52,429) 606 18,847 – – (18,847) (51,823) (5,328) (57,151)
Balance at 31 December 2024 20,971 1,555,235 54,086 117,320 56,802 (232,604) 1,203,791 2,775,601 165,342 2,940,943
74 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 76 =====
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
Fair value Non-
Share Share Capital Statutory reserve Exchange Retained controlling
capital premium reserve reserves (non-recycling) reserve profits Total interests Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Balance at 1 January 2025 20,971 1,555,235 54,086 117,320 56,802 (232,604) 1,203,791 2,775,601 165,342 2,940,943
Changes in equity for 2025:
Profit for the year – – – – – – 133,974 133,974 10,290 144,264
Other comprehensive (expense)/income – – – – (7,429) 78,277 – 70,848 5,388 76,236
Total comprehensive (expense)/income – – – – (7,429) 78,277 133,974 204,822 15,678 220,500
Dividends to non-controlling interests – – – – – – – – (3,951) (3,951)
Dividends approved in respect of the
previous year (Note 28(b)(ii)) – (50,332) – – – – – (50,332) – (50,332)
Appropriation to reserves – – – 17,478 – – (17,478) – – –
– (50,332) – 17,478 – – (17,478) (50,332) (3,951) (54,283)
Balance at 31 December 2025 20,971 1,504,903 54,086 134,798 49,373 (154,327) 1,320,287 2,930,091 177,069 3,107,160
The notes on pages 78 to 158 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 75

===== PAGE 77 =====
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Operating activities
Profit before taxation 170,565 206,282
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation 6(c) 75,016 61,247
Impairment loss on trade, bills and other receivables and
contract assets, net 29(a) 11,368 13,447
Impairment of prepayment 6(c) 296 –
Write down of inventories, net 17(b) 1,096 758
Interest income 5 (5,995) (4,444)
Dividends income from other financial assets measured at FVTPL 5 – (1,317)
Loss on disposal of a joint venture 5 6,431 –
Loss on disposal of an associate 5 – 110
Loss on deemed partial disposal of an associate 5 – 23
Gain on deemed disposal of an associate 5 (856) –
Finance costs 6(a) 12,333 9,884
Share of results of joint ventures and associates (23,939) (21,888)
Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 6(c) 91 202
Net loss on early termination of leases 5 – 549
Fair value changes in other financial assets measured at FVTPL 9,253 7,597
Changes in working capital:
Increase in inventories (31,793) (97,329)
Decrease/(increase) in trade and other receivables 76,623 (190,076)
Increase in contract assets (261,668) (38,495)
Increase in deferred income 1,213 1,316
Increase in provision for warranties 136 288
Increase in trade and other payables 188,122 224,262
Decrease in contract liabilities (13,753) (6,310)
Decrease in restricted bank deposits 10,574 92,542
Cash generated from operations 225,113 258,648
Interest received 5,995 4,444
Income tax paid (26,036) (35,228)
Net cash generated from operating activities 205,072 227,864
76 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 78 =====
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Investing activities
Payment for the purchase of property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets (9,112) (47,235)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment 3 2
Payment of consideration for acquisition of a subsidiary in previous
years (81,891) –
Contingent consideration paid (1,985) –
Dividends received from other financial assets measured at FVTPL – 1,317
Dividends received from joint ventures and associates 4,244 2,818
Cash received from return on investment in an associate – 3,083
Proceeds from disposal of an associate – 7,586
Proceeds from disposal of a joint venture 74,564 –
Withdrawal of bank deposits with original maturity over three
months 196,111 –
Placement of bank deposits with original maturity over three months (460,650) –
Net cash used in investing activities (278,716) (32,429)
Financing activities
Payment for acquisition of non-controlling interest of a subsidiary – (603)
Capital element of lease rentals paid 20(b) (19,112) (16,595)
Interest element of lease rentals paid 20(b) (1,390) (1,859)
Proceeds of bank borrowings 20(b) 114,716 103,747
Repayment of bank borrowings 20(b) (102,699) (75,918)
Proceeds of other borrowings 20(b) 28,451 28,690
Repayment of other borrowings 20(b) (90,000) –
Interest paid 20(b) (11,312) (7,399)
Dividends paid to equity shareholders of the Company (50,332) (52,429)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (3,951) (5,328)
Net cash used in financing activities (135,629) (27,694)
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (209,273) 167,741
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 20(a) 725,439 568,331
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes 10,621 (10,633)
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 20(a) 526,787 725,439
The notes on pages 78 to 158 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 77

===== PAGE 79 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
1 GENERAL INFORMATION
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the
Cayman Islands on 7 January 2011 as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law
(2011 Revision), Chapter 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands. The Company’s
registered office address is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman
Islands. The principal place of business of the Company is Room 2502, 25F, Tower 1, Enterprise Square Five, 38
Wang Chiu Road, Kowloon Bay, Hong Kong.
The shares of the Company were listed on the Growth Enterprise Market (the “GEM”) of The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 16 May 2012. The listing of the Company’s shares was
transferred from the GEM to the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 6 December 2013.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(a) Statement of compliance
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards
as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and the applicable disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These consolidated financial statements also comply
with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”).
The IASB has issued certain new or amended IFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective or available
for early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 2(c) provides information on any
changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that
they are relevant to the Group for the current accounting period reflected in these consolidated financial
statements.
(b) Basis of preparation of the consolidated financial statements
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 comprise the Company and its
subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”) and the Group’s interests in joint ventures and associates.
The measurement basis used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements is the historical
cost basis except that the following assets and liabilities are stated at their fair value as explained in the
accounting policies set out below:
– investments in equity securities (see Note 2(g)); and
– contingent considerations.
78 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 80 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(b) Basis of preparation of the consolidated financial statements (continued)
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires
management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions
are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the
circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that
period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future
periods.
Judgements made by management in the application of IFRS Accounting Standards that have significant
effect on the consolidated financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in
Note 3.
(c) Changes in accounting policies
The Group has applied the amendments to IAS 21. The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates – Lack
of exchangeability issued by the IASB to these consolidated financial statements for the current accounting
period. The amendments do not have a material impact on these consolidated financial statements as
the Group has not entered into any foreign currency transactions in which the foreign currency is not
exchangeable into another currency.
The Group has not applied any new or revised standards or interpretation that is not yet effective for the
current accounting period.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 79

===== PAGE 81 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(d) Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has
rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns
through its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated
financial statements from the date on which control commences until the date on which control ceases.
Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised incomes and expenses (except for foreign
currency transaction gains or losses) arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated. Unrealised losses
resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to the
extent that there is no evidence of impairment.
For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling interests (“NCI”)
either at fair value or at the NCI’s proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets. NCI
are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from equity
attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. NCI in the results of the Group are presented on
the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
other comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income
for the year between NCI and the equity shareholders of the Company. Loans from holders of NCI and
other contractual obligations towards these holders are presented as financial liabilities in the consolidated
statement of financial position in accordance with Notes 2(o) or 2(q) depending on the nature of the
liability.
Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as
equity transactions.
When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, and
any related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.
Any interest retained in that former subsidiary is measured at fair value when control is lost.
In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
impairment losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)), unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group
classified as held for sale).
80 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 82 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(e) Associates and joint ventures
An associate is an entity in which the Group or the Company has significant influence, but not control
or joint control, over the financial and operating policies. A joint venture is an arrangement in which the
Group or the Company has joint control, whereby the Group or the Company has the rights to the net assets
of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities.
An interest in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method, unless it is classified as
held for sale (or included in a disposal group classified as held for sale). They are initially recognised at cost,
which includes transaction costs. Subsequently, the consolidated financial statements include the Group’s
share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income (“OCI”) of those investees, until the date on
which significant influence or joint control ceases.
When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group’s
interest is reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the
Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this
purpose, the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method, together
with any other long-term interests that in substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate
or the joint venture, after applying the expected credited loss (“ECL”) model to such other long-term
interests where applicable (see Note 2(k)(i)).
Unrealised gains arising from transactions with equity-accounted investees are eliminated against the
investment to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the
same way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent there is no evidence of impairment.
In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in an associate or a joint venture is stated
at cost less impairment losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)), unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a
disposal group classified as held for sale).
(f) Goodwill
Goodwill arising on acquisition of businesses is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses and is
tested annually for impairment (see Note 2(k)(ii)).
(g) Other investments in securities
The Group’s policies for investments in securities, other than investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures, are set out below.
Investments in securities are recognised/derecognised on the date the Group commits to purchase/sell
the investment. The investments are initially stated at fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs,
except for those investments measured at FVTPL for which transaction costs are recognised directly in profit
or loss. For an explanation of how the Group determines fair value of financial instruments, see Note 29(e).
These investments are subsequently accounted for as follows, depending on their classification.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 81

===== PAGE 83 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(g) Other investments in securities (continued)
(I) NON-EQUITY INVESTMENTS
Non-equity investments are classified into one of the following measurement categories:
– amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows which
represent solely payments of principal and interest. Expected credit losses, interest income
calculated using the effective interest method (see Note 2(u)(ii)(b)), foreign exchange gains and
losses are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in profit or
loss.
– FVTOCI – recycling, if the contractual cash flows of the investment comprise solely payments
of principal and interest and the investment is held within a business model whose objective is
achieved by both the collection of contractual cash flows and sale. Expected credit losses, interest
income (calculated using the effective interest method) and foreign exchange gains and losses
are recognised in profit or loss and computed in the same manner as if the financial assets was
measured at amortised cost. The difference between the fair value and the amortised cost is
recognised in OCI. When the investment is derecognised, the amount accumulated in OCI is
recycled from equity to profit or loss.
– FVTPL if the investment does not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or
FVTOCI (recycling). Changes in the fair value of the investment (including interest) are recognised
in profit or loss.
(II) EQUITY INVESTMENTS
An investment in equity securities is classified as FVTPL, unless the investment is not held for trading
purposes and on initial recognition the Group makes an irrevocable election to designate the
investment at FVTOCI (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in
OCI. Such elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be made if the
investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer’s perspective. If such election is made for a
particular investment, at the time of disposal, the amount accumulated in the fair value reserve (non-
recycling) is transferred to retained profits and not recycled through profit or loss. Dividends from an
investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether classified as at FVTPL or FVTOCI, are recognised
in profit or loss as other income (see Note 2(u)(ii)(a)).
82 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 84 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(h) Property, plant and equipment
The following items of property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and
any accumulated impairment losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)).
– right-of-use assets arising from leases over freehold or leasehold properties where the Group is not the
registered owner of the property interest; and
– items of plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets arising from leases of underlying plant and
equipment (see Note 2(j)).
If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then they are
accounted for as separate items (major components).
Any gains or losses on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit or loss.
Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment less their estimated
residual values, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives and is generally
recognised in profit or loss.
The estimated useful lives for current and comparative periods are as follows:
Estimated useful lives
Buildings The shorter of 20 years or the unexpired
term of lease
Right-of-use assets Over the terms of leases
Civil communication transmission systems The shorter of 10 years or the estimated
remaining useful lives
Others 3-10 years
Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if
appropriate.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 83

===== PAGE 85 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(i) Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
Expenditure on research activities is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.
An internally developed software arising from development activities is capitalised only if the expenditure
can be measured reliably the product or process is technically and commercially feasible, future economic
benefits are probable and the Group intends to and has sufficient resources to complete development
and to use or sell the resulting asset. Otherwise, it is recognised in profit or loss as incurred. Capitalised
development expenditure is subsequently measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and any
accumulated impairment losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)).
Other intangible assets, including purchased software, patents and trademarks, that are acquired by the
Group and have finite useful lives are measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated
impairment losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)).
Expenditure on internally generated goodwill and brands is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.
Amortisation is calculated to write off the cost of intangible assets less their estimated residual values using
the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, if any, and is generally recognised in profit or loss.
The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:
Estimated useful lives
Software 3-10 years
Income rights The shorter of 13 years or the estimated
remaining useful lives
Patent rights 10-15 years
Amortisation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if
appropriate.
Intangible assets are not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite. Any conclusion
that the useful life of an intangible asset is indefinite is reviewed annually to determine whether events and
circumstances continue to support the indefinite useful life assessment for that asset. If they do not, the
change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for prospectively from the date
of change and in accordance with the policy for amortisation of intangible assets with finite lives as set out
above. The Group treats trademarks as intangible asset with indefinite useful life and reviews annually.
(j) Leased assets
At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. This is the case
if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of the identified
asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.
84 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 86 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(j) Leased assets (continued)
AS A LESSEE
At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except for
leases that have a short lease term of 12 months or less, and leases of low-value items. When the Group
enters into a lease in respect of a low-value item, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a
lease-by-lease basis. If not capitalised, the associated lease payments are recognised in profit or loss on a
systematic basis over the lease term.
Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease
payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that
rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition,
the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is recognised using the effective
interest method. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the
measurement of the lease liability, and are charged to profit or loss as incurred.
The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which
comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the
commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove
the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease
incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and
impairment losses (see Notes 2(h) and 2(k)(ii)).
Refundable rental deposits are accounted for separately from the right-of-use assets in accordance with the
accounting policy applicable to investments in non-equity securities carried at amortised cost. Any excess
of the nominal value over the initial fair value of the deposits is accounted for as additional lease payments
made and is included in the cost of right-of-use assets.
The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in
an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under
a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase,
extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding
adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the
carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.
The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a lease modification, which means a change in the scope
of a lease or the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract, if such
modification is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability is remeasured based
on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the
modification.
In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities is
determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve months
after the reporting period.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 85

===== PAGE 87 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(k) Credit losses and impairment of assets
(I) CREDIT LOSSES FROM FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND CONTRACT ASSETS
The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECLs on:
– financial assets measured at amortised cost (including bank deposits and cash, and trade and
other receivables);
– contract assets (see Note 2(m)); and
– non-equity securities measured at FVOCI (recycling) (see Note 2(g)(i)).
Measurement of ECLs
ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Generally, credit losses are measured as the
present value of all expected cash shortfalls between the contractual and expected amounts.
For undrawn loan commitments, expected cash shortfalls are measured as the difference between
(i) the contractual cash flows that would be due to the Group if the holder of the loan commitment
draws down on the loan and (ii) the cash flows that the Group expects to receive if the loan is drawn
down.
The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following rates if effect is material:
– fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables and contract assets: effective interest rate
determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof; and
– variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate.
The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which
the Group is exposed to credit risk.
ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:
– 12-month ECLs: these are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible
within the 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the
instrument is less than 12 months); and
– lifetime ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected
lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.
86 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 88 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(k) Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
(I) CREDIT LOSSES FROM FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
Measurement of ECLs (continued)
The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following,
which are measured at 12-months ECLs:
– financial instruments that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and
– other financial instruments (including loan commitments issued) for which credit risk (i.e. the
risk of default occurring over the expected life of the financial instrument) has not increased
significantly since initial recognition.
Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal to
lifetime ECLs.
Significant increases in credit risk
When determining whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since
initial recognition and when measuring ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable
information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative
and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and informed
credit assessment, that includes forward-looking information.
The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more than
30 days past due.
The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when:
– the debtor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the
Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held); or
– the financial asset is 90 days past due.
ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit
risk since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or
loss in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments
with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, except
for investments in non-equity securities that are measured at FVTOCI (recycling), for which the loss
allowance is recognised in OCI and accumulated in the fair value reserve (recycling) does not reduce
the carrying amount of the financial asset in the consolidated statement of financial position.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 87

===== PAGE 89 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(k) Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
(I) CREDIT LOSSES FROM FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
Credit-impaired financial assets
At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial asset
is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future
cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.
Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:
– significant financial difficulties of the debtor;
– a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
– it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other financial
reorganisation;
– significant changes in the market, economic or legal environment that have an adverse effect on
the debtor; or
– the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the issuer.
Write-off policy
The gross carrying amount of a financial asset or contract asset is written off (either partially or in full)
to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group
determines that the debtors do not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient
cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.
Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of
impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.
(II) IMPAIRMENT OF OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets (other than
inventories, contract assets and deferred tax assets) to determine whether there is any indication of
impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. Goodwill is
tested annually for impairment.
88 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 90 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(k) Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
(II) IMPAIRMENT OF OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
For impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or
cash-generating units (“CGU”s). Goodwill arising from a business combination is allocated to CGUs or
groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.
The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs
of disposal. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted to their present value
using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
the risks specific to the asset or CGU.
An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable
amount.
Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. They are allocated first to reduce the carrying
amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other
assets in the CGU on a pro-rata basis.
An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is
reversed only to the extent that the resulting carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount
that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been
recognised.
(III) INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORTING AND IMPAIRMENT
Under the Listing Rules, the Group is required to prepare an interim financial report in compliance with
IAS 34, Interim financial reporting, in respect of the first six months of the financial year. At the end of
the interim period, the Group applies the same impairment testing, recognition, and reversal criteria as
it would at the end of the financial year (see Note 2(k)).
Impairment losses recognised in an interim period in respect of goodwill are not reversed in a
subsequent period. This is the case even if no loss, or a smaller loss, would have been recognised had
the impairment been assessed only at the end of the financial year to which the interim period relates.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 89

===== PAGE 91 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(l) Inventories
Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
Cost comprises all costs of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present
location and condition.
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs
of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
(m) Contract assets and contract liabilities
A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue (see Note 2(u)) before being
unconditionally entitled to the consideration under the terms in the contract. Contract assets are assessed
for ECLs (see Note 2(k)(i)) and are reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration becomes
unconditional (see Note 2(n)).
A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays non-refundable consideration before the Group
recognises the related revenue (see Note 2(u)). A contract liability is also recognised if the Group has an
unconditional right to receive non-refundable consideration before the Group recognises the related
revenue. In such latter cases, a corresponding receivable is also recognised (see Note 2(n)).
When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest
accrued under the effective interest method (see Note 2(u)).
(n) Trade and other receivables
A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration and only the
passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.
Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured at their
transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and other receivables are
initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are subsequently stated at amortised
cost (see Note 2(k)(i)).
(o) Trade and other payables
Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, trade and
other payables are stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which
case they are stated at invoice amounts.
90 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 92 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(p) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three
months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECLs (see Note 2(k)(i)).
(q) Interest-bearing borrowings
Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequently, these
borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense is recognised
in accordance with Note 2(w).
(r) Employee benefits
(I) SHORT-TERM EMPLOYEE BENEFITS AND CONTRIBUTIONS TO DEFINED CONTRIBUTION
RETIREMENT PLANS
Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised
for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay
this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated
reliably.
Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement plans are expensed as the related
service is provided.
(II) TERMINATION BENEFITS
Termination benefits are expensed at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer
of those benefits and when the Group recognises cost for a restructuring.
(s) Income tax
Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax. It is recognised in profit or loss except to the
extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in OCI.
Current tax comprises the estimated tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year
and any adjustments to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The amount of current
tax payable or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects
any uncertainty related to income taxes. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at
the reporting date. Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 91

===== PAGE 93 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(s) Income tax (continued)
Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.
Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not
recognised for:
– temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a
business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give
rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;
– temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures to the extent
that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is
probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future;
– taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill; and
– those related to the income taxes arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted to implement
the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.
The Group recognised deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities separately in relation to its lease
liabilities and right-of-use assets.
Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary
differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they
can be used. Future taxable profits are determined based on the reversal of relevant taxable temporary
differences. If the amount of taxable temporary differences is insufficient to recognise a deferred tax asset
in full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for reversals of existing temporary differences, are considered,
based on the business plans for individual subsidiaries in the Group. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at
each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit
will be realised; such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.
92 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 94 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(t) Provisions and contingent liabilities
Generally provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that
reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability.
A provision for warranties is recognised when the underlying products or services are sold, based on
historical warranty data and a weighting of possible outcomes against their associated probabilities.
A provision for onerous contracts is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of
terminating the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract, which is determined
based on the incremental costs of fulfilling the obligation under that contract and an allocation of other
costs directly related to fulfilling that contract. Before a provision is established, the Group recognises any
impairment loss on the assets associated with that contract (see note 2(k)(ii)).
Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of
economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence
or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the
probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.
(u) Revenue and other income
Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods or the provision of
services in the ordinary course of the Group’s business.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 93

===== PAGE 95 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(u) Revenue and other income (continued)
Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:
(I) REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control”
of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the
customer.
A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct
or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.
Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
met:
• the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
performance as the Group performs;
• the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
performs; or
• the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
good or service.
94 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 96 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(u) Revenue and other income (continued)
(I) REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS (CONTINUED)
(a) Provision of services
Digital-intelligence urban rail services
Revenue from provision of digital-intelligence urban rail services is recognised progressively over
time using the cost-to-cost method, i.e. based on the proportion of the actual costs incurred
relative to the estimated total costs, which provides a faithful depiction of the transfer of those
services.
The likelihood of the Group earning contractual bonuses for early completion or suffering
contractual penalties for late completion are taken into account in making these estimates, such
that revenue is only recognised to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in
the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur.
When the outcome of the contract cannot be reasonably measured, revenue is recognised only
to the extent of contract costs incurred that are expected to be recovered.
If at any time the costs to complete the contract are estimated to exceed the remaining amount
of the consideration under the contract, then a provision is recognised in accordance with the
policy set out in Note 2(t).
Data transmission network services under innovative development business
Revenue arising from data transmission network services is recognised over time based on
the output method, either as the service allowance units are used or as time elapses, because
it reflects the pattern by which the Group satisfies the performance obligation through the
rendering of services to the customer.
Maintenance services
Revenue arising from maintenance services is recognised over time as these services are provided.
(b) Sale of hardware and software products
Revenue arising from the sales of hardware and software products is recognised when the
customer takes possession of and accepts the products. If the products are a partial fulfilment of
a contract covering other goods and/or services, then the amount of revenue recognised is an
appropriate proportion of the total transaction price under the contract, allocated between all
the goods and services promised under the contract on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 95

===== PAGE 97 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(u) Revenue and other income (continued)
(II) REVENUE FROM OTHER SOURCES AND OTHER INCOME
(a) Dividends
Dividend income is recognised in profit or loss on the date on which the Group’s right to receive
payment is established.
(b) Interest income
Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method. The effective interest rate is
the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the
financial asset to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset. In calculating interest income,
the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying amount of the asset (when the asset is
not credit-impaired). However, for financial assets that have become credit-impaired subsequent
to initial recognition, interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the
amortised cost of the financial asset. If the asset is no longer credit-impaired, then the calculation
of interest income reverts to the gross basis.
(c) Government grants
Government grants are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position initially
when there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply
with the conditions attaching to them.
Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised as income in profit or
loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred.
Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are deducted from the carrying
amount of the asset and consequently are effectively recognised in profit or loss over the useful
life of the asset by way of reduced depreciation expense.
96 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 98 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(v) Translation of foreign currencies
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the respective functional currencies of group
companies at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency
at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured at fair
value in a foreign currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate when the fair
value was determined. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured based on historical cost in
a foreign currency are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency
differences are generally recognised in profit or loss.
However, foreign currency differences arising from the translation of investment in equity securities
designated as at FVTOCI (except on impairment, in which case foreign currency differences that have been
recognised in OCI are reclassified to profit or loss) are recognised in OCI.
The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on
acquisition, are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates at the reporting date. The income
and expenses of foreign operations are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates at the dates
of the transactions. Foreign currency differences are recognised in OCI and accumulated in the exchange
reserve, except to the extent that the translation difference is allocated to NCI.
When a foreign operation is disposed of in its entirety or partially such that control, significant influence
or joint control is lost, the cumulative amount in the exchange reserve related to that foreign operation is
reclassified to profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal. On disposal of a subsidiary that includes
a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that foreign operation
that have been attributed to the NCI shall be derecognised, but shall not be reclassified to profit or loss. If
the Group disposes of part of its interest in a subsidiary but retains control, then the relevant proportion
of the cumulative amount is reattributed to NCI. When the Group disposes of only part of an associate or
joint venture while retaining significant influence or joint control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative
amount is reclassified to profit or loss.
(w) Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset
which necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as
part of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 97

===== PAGE 99 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(x) Related parties
(a) A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:
(i) has control or joint control over the Group;
(ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
(iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.
(b) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:
(i) The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).
(ii) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a
member of a group of which the other entity is a member).
(iii) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.
(iv) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
entity.
(v) The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or
an entity related to the Group.
(vi) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).
(vii) A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).
(viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.
Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or
be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.
98 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 100 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(y) Segment reporting
Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial
statements, are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior
executive management for the purpose of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the
Group’s various lines of business and geographical locations.
Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments
which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.
3 ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
Sources of estimation uncertainty
Notes 25 and 29 contain information about the assumptions and their risk factors relating to estimation of
provision for warranties and financial instruments. Other key sources of estimation uncertainty are as follows:
(A) REVENUE RECOGNITION
As explained in policy Note 2(u)(i)(a), revenue from service contracts are recognised over time. Such revenue
and profit recognition on uncompleted projects is dependent on estimating the total outcome of the
contract, as well as the work done to date.
Based on the Group’s recent experience and the nature of the manufacturing and construction activities
undertaken by the Group, the Group has made estimates of the point at which it considered the work
was sufficiently advanced such that the outcome of the contract can be reasonably measured. The Group
prepares budgets for service contracts individually and the budget, which is used in the Group’s financial
reporting, is reviewed regularly. Onerous contracts are provided for when identified. Material adjustments
to the budgeted costs may occur in future if there is a significant change in the market environment.
(B) EXPECTED CREDIT LOSSES FOR TRADE RECEIVABLES AND CONTRACT ASSETS
The credit losses for trade receivables and contract assets are based on assumptions about the expected loss
rates. The Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment
calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking
estimates at the end of each reporting period. For details of the key assumptions and inputs used, see Note
29(a). Changes in these assumptions and estimates could materially affect the results of the assessment and
it may be necessary to charge additional impairment to profit or loss.
(C) IMPAIRMENT OF GOODWILL AND TRADEMARKS WITH INDEFINITE USEFUL LIFE
The Group determines whether goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful life are impaired at least
on an annual basis. This requires an estimation of the value in use of the CGUs. Estimating the value in
use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the CGUs and also
to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. Details of
impairment testing of goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful life are set out in Notes 12 and 13.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 99

===== PAGE 101 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
3 ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
Sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)
(D) DEFERRED TAX
Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences to the
extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the deferred tax assets
can be utilised. In determining the amount of deferred tax assets to be recognised, significant judgement
is required regarding the timing and level of future taxable profits, after taking into account future tax
planning strategies. The amount of deferred tax assets recognised at future dates are adjusted if there are
significant changes from these estimates.
4 REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING
(a) Revenue
The principal activities of the Group are (i) provision of hardware and software products and services of
passenger information system of high-speed railways, intercity railways, suburban railways and metro
system; (ii) provision of professional integration service and intelligent hardware and software products and
services of metro transportation, including cloud and big data service; (iii) provision of one-stop intelligent
infrastructure services for domestic and international clients; and (iv) investments in railway transportation
and infrastructure areas through investing in equity.
(I) DISAGGREGATION OF REVENUE
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope
of IFRS 15 (re-presented) (see Note 4(b))
Disaggregated by major service lines
– Revenue from intelligent passenger information services 765,707 734,436
– Revenue from digital-intelligence urban rail services 688,563 515,589
– Revenue from innovative development 321,478 406,748
1,775,748 1,656,773
Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by timing of revenue recognition and by
geographic markets is disclosed in Notes 4(b)(i) and 4(b)(iii).
For the year ended 31 December 2025, revenue from transactions with two customers arose from
intelligent passenger information services segment and digital-intelligence urban rail services segment
(2024: one customer arose from intelligent passenger information services segment) have exceeded
10% of the Group’s revenue:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Customer A 223,261 176,619
Customer B 189,231 N/A(Note)
Note: The corresponding revenue does not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group.
100 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 102 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
4 REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)
(a) Revenue (continued)
(II) REVENUE EXPECTED TO BE RECOGNISED IN THE FUTURE ARISING FROM CONTRACTS WITH
CUSTOMERS IN EXISTENCE AT THE REPORTING DATE
As at 31 December 2025, the aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining
performance obligations under the Group’s existing contracts is approximately HK$3,144,669,000
(2024: HK$3,226,263,000). This amount represents revenue expected to be recognised in the future
from intelligent passenger information services contracts, digital-intelligence urban rail services
contracts and innovative development contracts entered into by the customers with the Group. The
Group will recognise the expected revenue in future when or as the work is completed, which is
expected to occur over the next 1 to 36 months (2024: next 1 to 48 months).
The above amount does not include any amounts of completion bonuses that the Group may earn in
the future by meeting the conditions set out in the Group’s service contracts with customers, unless
at the reporting date it is highly probable that the Group will satisfy the conditions for earning those
bonuses.
(b) Segment reporting
The Group manages its businesses by business lines in a manner consistent with the way in which the
information is reported internally to the Group’s most senior executive management for the purposes of
resource allocation and performance assessments.
Starting from the current year, the Group reorganised its internal reporting structure which resulted in
changes to the composition of its reportable segments as the Group’s most senior executive management
consider that the revised reportable segments provide a better summary to them in reviewing the Group’s
operating performance and making decisions in resource allocation. Accordingly, the comparative figures
of the reportable segments have been re-presented to conform with the current period’s presentation. The
Group now presents the following four reportable segments:
– Intelligent passenger information services: this segment mainly provides hardware and software
products and services of passenger information system of high-speed railways, intercity railways,
suburban railways and metro system.
– Digital-intelligence urban rail services: this segment mainly provides professional integration service
and intelligent hardware and software products and services of metro transportation, including cloud
and big data service.
– Innovative development: this segment mainly provides one-stop intelligent infrastructure services for
domestic and international clients.
– Business development investment: this segment manages the equity investments in railway
transportation and infrastructure areas.
No operating segments have been aggregated to form the above reportable segments.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 101

===== PAGE 103 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
4 REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)
(b) Segment reporting (continued)
(I) SEGMENT RESULTS
For the purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources between segments,
the Group’s most senior executive management monitors the results attributable to each reportable
segment on the following bases:
Revenue and expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to revenue generated
by those segments and the costs incurred by those segments. The management is provided with
segment information concerning inter-segment sales, which are priced with reference to prices
charged to external parties for similar orders. The measure used for reporting segment profit is gross
profit. The Group’s other income and expense items, such as other income and other gains/losses,
selling, general and administrative expenses, impairment loss on trade, bills and other receivables and
contract assets, net, research and development expenses, finance costs, fair value changes in other
financial assets measured at FVTPL, are not allocated to individual segments.
There were no separate segment assets and segment liabilities information provided to the Group’s
senior executive management, as they do not use this information to allocate resources to or evaluate
the performance of the operating segments.
Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by timing of revenue recognition, as
well as information regarding the Group’s reportable segments as provided to the Group’s most
senior executive management for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment
performance for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 is set out below.
2025
Intelligent Digital-
passenger intelligence Business
information urban rail Innovative development
services services development investment Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Disaggregated by timing of
revenue recognition
Point in time 697,006 584,334 83,725 – 1,365,065
Over time 68,701 104,229 237,753 – 410,683
Revenue from external customers 765,707 688,563 321,478 – 1,775,748
Inter-segment revenue 19,633 2,284 888 – 22,805
Reportable segment revenue 785,340 690,847 322,366 – 1,798,553
Reportable segment profit 322,771 127,420 143,347 – 593,538
Share of results of joint
ventures and associates – – – 23,939 23,939
102 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 104 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
4 REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)
(b) Segment reporting (continued)
(I) SEGMENT RESULTS (CONTINUED)
2024 (re-presented)
Intelligent Digital-
passenger intelligence Business
information urban rail Innovative development
services services development investment Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Disaggregated by timing of
revenue recognition
Point in time 732,051 417,540 76,287 – 1,225,878
Over time 2,385 98,049 330,461 – 430,895
Revenue from external customers 734,436 515,589 406,748 – 1,656,773
Inter-segment revenue 6,065 5,379 2,513 – 13,957
Reportable segment revenue 740,501 520,968 409,261 – 1,670,730
Reportable segment profit 308,645 101,908 209,134 – 619,687
Share of results of joint
ventures and associates – – – 21,888 21,888
(II) RECONCILIATION OF REPORTABLE SEGMENT PROFIT OR LOSS
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Reportable segment profit 593,538 619,687
Share of results of joint ventures and associates 23,939 21,888
Other income and other gains/losses 19,183 21,790
Selling, general and administrative expenses (266,438) (266,556)
Impairment loss on trade, bills and other receivables and
contract assets, net (11,368) (13,447)
Research and development expenses (166,703) (159,599)
Finance costs (12,333) (9,884)
Fair value changes in other financial assets measured at FVTPL (9,253) (7,597)
Profit before taxation 170,565 206,282
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 103

===== PAGE 105 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
4 REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)
(b) Segment reporting (continued)
(III) GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION
Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by geographical location of customers is as
follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
– Chinese Mainland 1,705,799 1,596,171
– Hong Kong 30,324 25,389
– Overseas 39,625 35,213
1,775,748 1,656,773
The Group’s non-current assets, including property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, goodwill
and interests in joint ventures and associates, are substantially all located or allocated to operations
located in Chinese Mainland.
5 OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAINS/LOSSES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Interest income 5,995 4,444
Dividend income from other financial assets measured at FVTPL – 1,317
Government grants (Note) 22,112 19,656
Loss on disposal of a joint venture (6,431) –
Loss on disposal of an associate – (110)
Loss on deemed partial disposal of an associate – (23)
Gain on deemed disposal of an associate 856 –
Net foreign exchange loss (3,058) (3,202)
Net loss on early termination of leases – (549)
Others (291) 257
19,183 21,790
Note: Government grants mainly represented subsidies provided to the Group to support the improvement of scientific
and technology innovation capabilities and accelerate the promotion of digital transformation and technological
transformation, and there were no unfulfilled conditions.
104 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 106 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
6 PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:
(a) Finance costs
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Interest on bank borrowings 3,598 2,706
Interest on other borrowings 7,345 5,319
Interest on lease liabilities 20(b) 1,390 1,859
20(b) 12,333 9,884
(b) Staff costs
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Salaries, wages and other benefits 262,430 262,509
Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans 27,154 28,094
289,584 290,603
The employees of the subsidiaries of the Group established in The People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”)
participate in a defined contribution retirement benefit scheme managed by the local government authority,
whereby these subsidiaries are required to contribute to the scheme at a rate of 16% of the employees’
basic salaries. Employees of these subsidiaries are entitled to retirement benefits, calculated based on a
percentage of the average salaries level in the PRC, from the above mentioned retirement scheme at their
normal retirement age.
The Group also operates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under the Hong
Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme Ordinance for employees employed by the Group’s subsidiaries
incorporated in Hong Kong under a trustee. Under the MPF Scheme, the employer and its employees are
each required to make contributions to the plan at 5% of the employees’ relevant income, subject to a cap
of monthly relevant income of HK$30,000. Contributions to the MPF Scheme vest immediately, there is no
forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group to reduce the existing level of contribution.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 105

===== PAGE 107 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
6 PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION (CONTINUED)
(c) Other items
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Auditors’ remuneration:
– audit services 1,406 1,372
– other services 602 588
Amortisation of intangible assets 12 22,317 20,587
Depreciation charge 11(a)
– owned property, plant and equipment 34,047 29,013
– right-of-use assets 18,652 11,647
Cost of inventories (Note) 17(b) 859,878 687,237
Increase in provision for warranties 25 8,678 7,224
Impairment loss on trade, bills and other receivables and
contract assets, net 11,368 13,447
Impairment of prepayment 296 –
Expense relating to short-term leases, which not included
in the measurement of lease liabilities – 909
Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 91 202
Note: Cost of inventories includes approximately HK$90,572,000 (2024: HK$90,584,000) relating to staff costs, and
depreciation and amortisation expenses, which amount is also included in the respective total amounts disclosed
separately above or in Note 6(b) for each of these types of expenses.
106 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 108 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
7 INCOME TAX
(a) Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Current taxation – the PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”):
– Provision for the year 14,678 27,113
– Withholding tax on dividend income (Note 7(b)(viii)) 6,214 5,443
– Withholding tax on transfer of shares (Note 7(b)(ix)) 5,849 –
26,741 32,556
Current taxation – Hong Kong Profits Tax:
– Provision for the year 1,362 1,060
– Over-provision for in prior years (2) (177)
1,360 883
Current taxation – India Profits Tax:
– Provision for the year 864 3,157
Deferred taxation:
– Origination and reversal of temporary differences (2,664) (9,821)
26,301 26,775
(b) Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Profit before taxation 170,565 206,282
Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated at the rates
applicable to profits in the jurisdictions concerned
(Notes (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv)) 49,158 52,989
Tax effect of non-deductible expenses 9,075 5,456
Tax effect of share of results of joint ventures and associates (4,195) (4,954)
Tax effect of non-taxable interest income (110) (206)
Tax effect of foreign exchange gain/loss 447 588
Tax effect of utilisation/recognition of prior years’ tax losses and
temporary differences previously not recognised (188) (1,360)
Tax effect of tax losses and deductible temporary differences not
recognised 5,285 16,198
Tax effect of withholding tax in connection with the distributions
made by subsidiaries and joint ventures (Note (viii)) 6,214 5,443
Tax effect of withholding tax in connection with the transfer of
shares (Note (ix)) 5,849 –
Tax concessions (Notes (i), (v), (vi) and (vii)) (45,232) (47,202)
Over-provision in prior years (2) (177)
Income tax 26,301 26,775
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 107

===== PAGE 109 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
7 INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
(b) Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates:
(continued)
Notes:
(i) The Company and its subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax rate of 16.5%
(2024: 16.5%) for the year ended 31 December 2025, except for one subsidiary which is a qualifying corporation
under the two-tiered Profits Tax rate regime.
For this subsidiary, the first HK$2 million of assessable profits are taxed at 8.25% and the remaining assessable
profits are taxed at 16.5%. The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for this subsidiary was calculated at the same
basis in 2024.
(ii) The subsidiaries incorporated in jurisdictions other than the PRC, Hong Kong and India are not subject to any
income tax, pursuant to the rules and regulations of their respective jurisdictions of incorporation.
(iii) The subsidiary incorporated in India is subject to India Profits Tax rate of 25% (2024: 25%) for the year ended 31
December 2025.
(iv) The subsidiaries established in the PRC are subject to the PRC EIT rate of 25% (2024: 25%) for the year ended 31
December 2025.
(v) Certain subsidiaries established in the PRC have obtained approvals from the tax bureau to be taxed as enterprises
with advanced and new technologies. As a result, these subsidiaries enjoyed the preferential PRC EIT rate of 15%
(2024: 15%) for the year ended 31 December 2025. In addition to the preferential PRC EIT rate, these subsidiaries
are also entitled to an additional deductible tax allowance calculated at 80%/100% (2024: 80%/100%) of the
qualified research and development costs incurred by these subsidiaries.
(vi) Certain subsidiaries engaged in the encouraged industries in western region of the PRC and enjoyed a preferential
PRC EIT rate of 15% (2024: 15%) for the year ended 31 December 2025.
(vii) During the year ended 31 December 2025, certain subsidiaries established in the PRC met the criteria of Small Low-
profit Enterprise and enjoyed a preferential income tax policy. As such, for these subsidiaries, the first Renminbi
(“RMB”) 1 million of taxable profits are taxed at an effective tax rate of 2.5% (2024: 2.5%); the second and third
RMB1 million of taxable profits are taxed at an effective tax rate of 5% (2024: 5%).
(viii) Under the Law of the PRC EIT, 10% (2024: 10%) withholding tax is levied on dividend from enterprises established
in Chinese Mainland to enterprises established outside Chinese Mainland.
(ix) Under the Law of the PRC EIT, 10% withholding tax is levied on gain from transfer of shares in enterprises established
in Chinese Mainland by the enterprises established outside Chinese Mainland.
(x) The Group is operating in certain jurisdictions where the Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (“Pillar Two Rules”)
are effective. However, as the Group’s estimated effective tax rates of all the jurisdictions in which the Group
operates are higher than 15%. The management of the Group considered the Group is not liable to top-up tax
under the Pillar Two Rules.
108 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 110 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
8 DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS
Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2
of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:
2025
Salaries,
allowances Retirement
Directors’ and benefits Discretionary scheme
fees in kind bonuses contributions Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Executive directors
Mr. Liu Yu (Chief executive officer) – 551 1,077 121 1,749
Ms. Zhao Jingyuan – 432 732 121 1,285
Non-executive directors
Mr. Cao Mingda (Note (ii)) – – – – –
Mr. Li Zheng (appointed on 28 January 2026) – – – – –
Mr. Ren Yuhang (Note (ii)) – – – – –
Mr. Wang Daomin
(appointed on 28 January 2026) – – – – –
Ms. Fang Zhiwei (Note (ii))
(resigned on 28 January 2026) – – – – –
Ms. Sun Fang (Note (ii))
(resigned on 28 January 2026) – – – – –
Independent non-executive directors
Mr. Luo Zhenbang 240 – – – 240
Mr. Huang Lixin 240 – – – 240
Mr. Li Wei (resigned on 22 April 2025) 75 – – – 75
Ms. Ng Wing Yan Claudia
(appointed on 22 April 2025) 165 – – – 165
720 983 1,809 242 3,754
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 109

===== PAGE 111 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
8 DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)
2024
Salaries,
allowances Retirement
Directors’ and benefits Discretionary scheme
fees in kind bonuses contributions Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Executive directors
Mr. Liu Yu (Chief executive officer) – 598 1,157 118 1,873
Ms. Zhao Jingyuan
(appointed on 8 August 2024) – 479 840 118 1,437
Non-executive directors
Mr. Cao Mingda (Note (ii)) – – – – –
Ms. Fang Zhiwei (Note (ii))
(appointed on 8 August 2024) – – – – –
Mr. Ren Yuhang (Note (ii))
(appointed on 21 November 2024) – – – – –
Ms. Sun Fang (Note (ii)) – – – – –
Mr. Guan Jifa (Note (ii))
(resigned on 21 November 2024) – – – – –
Ms. Hou Weiwei (Note (ii))
(resigned on 8 August 2024) – – – – –
Independent non-executive directors
Mr. Luo Zhenbang 240 – – – 240
Mr. Huang Lixin 240 – – – 240
Mr. Li Wei 240 – – – 240
720 1,077 1,997 236 4,030
Notes:
(i) There were no amounts paid during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 to the directors or any of the five
highest paid individuals set out in Note 9 as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss
of office.
(ii) During the year ended 31 December 2025, the four (2024: six) directors agreed to waive their entitlements to directors’
fees totally amounted to HK$960,000 (2024: HK$960,000). Apart from this, there was no arrangement under which a
director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.
110 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 112 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
9 INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS
Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, two (2024: two) are directors whose emoluments are
disclosed in Note 8. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other three (2024: three) individuals are as
follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind 1,240 1,457
Discretionary bonuses 2,109 2,568
Retirement scheme contributions 333 354
3,682 4,379
The emoluments of the three individuals (2024: three individuals) who are amongst the 5 highest paid individuals
of the Group but not directors are within the following bands:
2025 2024
HK$500,001 – HK$1,000,000 1 –
HK$1,000,001 – HK$1,500,000 2 3
10 BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
The calculation of basic earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2025 is based on the profit
attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of the Company of approximately HK$133,974,000 (2024:
HK$167,604,000) and the weighted average of 2,097,147,000 ordinary shares (2024: 2,097,147,000 ordinary
shares) in issue during the year.
The Group has no dilutive ordinary shares outstanding for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.
Therefore, there was no difference between basic and diluted earnings per share.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 111

===== PAGE 113 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
11 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
(a) Reconciliation of carrying amount
Ownership
interests in Other Civil
land and properties communication Other
buildings held leased for transmission plant and Construction
for own use own use systems equipment in progress Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Cost:
At 1 January 2024 17,437 87,823 409,924 57,125 7,768 580,077
Additions – 18,485 – 12,299 55,382 86,166
Lease modification – (717) – – – (717)
Early termination of leases – (3,393) – – – (3,393)
Write-off/disposals – (29,617) – (4,087) – (33,704)
Transfer – – 60,720 330 (61,050) –
Exchange adjustments (374) (1,427) (10,778) (159) (82) (12,820)
At 31 December 2024 and
1 January 2025 17,063 71,154 459,866 65,508 2,018 615,609
Additions – 15,967 – 5,589 19,008 40,564
Lease modification – 167 – – – 167
Write-off/disposals – (15,278) – (16,798) – (32,076)
Transfer – – 18,816 – (18,816) –
Exchange adjustments 431 1,644 11,770 1,649 53 15,547
At 31 December 2025 17,494 73,654 490,452 55,948 2,263 639,811
Accumulated depreciation
and impairment:
At 1 January 2024 4,704 53,865 259,295 39,130 – 356,994
Charge for the year 868 11,647 21,665 6,480 – 40,660
Early termination of leases – (1,383) – – – (1,383)
Write-off/written back – (29,617) – (3,883) – (33,500)
Exchange adjustments (113) (704) (4,300) (145) – (5,262)
At 31 December 2024 and
1 January 2025 5,459 33,808 276,660 41,582 – 357,509
Charge for the year 865 18,652 25,635 7,547 – 52,699
Write-off/written back – (15,278) – (16,704) – (31,982)
Exchange adjustments 149 822 7,242 1,061 – 9,274
At 31 December 2025 6,473 38,004 309,537 33,486 – 387,500
Carrying amount:
At 31 December 2025 11,021 35,650 180,915 22,462 2,263 252,311
At 31 December 2024 11,604 37,346 183,206 23,926 2,018 258,100
112 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 114 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
11 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
(b) Right-of-use assets
The analysis of the carrying amount value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Buildings leased for own use, carried at depreciated cost 35,650 37,346
The Group has obtained the right to use office premises through tenancy agreements. The leases typically
run for an initial period of 24 to 60 months.
The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised in profit or loss is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Depreciation charge of properties leased for own use,
carried at depreciated cost 18,652 11,647
Interest on lease liabilities (Note 6(a)) 1,390 1,859
Expense relating to short-term leases, which not included
in the measurement of lease liabilities – 909
Details of total cash outflow for leases and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in Notes 20(c)
and 24, respectively.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 113

===== PAGE 115 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
12 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Internally
developed Purchased Income Patent
software software rights rights Trademarks Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Cost:
At 1 January 2024 48,766 37,584 104,059 54,553 93,798 338,760
Additions 8,727 1,754 – – – 10,481
Exchange adjustments (1,175) (1,297) (2,229) (705) (2,009) (7,415)
At 31 December 2024 and
1 January 2025 56,318 38,041 101,830 53,848 91,789 341,826
Additions 6,368 2,960 – – – 9,328
Exchange adjustments 1,509 1,000 2,573 1,360 2,319 8,761
At 31 December 2025 64,195 42,001 104,403 55,208 94,108 359,915
Accumulated amortisation:
At 1 January 2024 9,404 29,838 76,762 27,150 – 143,154
Charge for the year 7,660 1,715 5,748 5,464 – 20,587
Exchange adjustments (316) (872) (1,622) (664) – (3,474)
At 31 December 2024 and
1 January 2025 16,748 30,681 80,888 31,950 – 160,267
Charge for the year 8,957 2,151 5,729 5,480 – 22,317
Exchange adjustments 543 802 2,121 881 – 4,347
At 31 December 2025 26,248 33,634 88,738 38,311 – 186,931
Carrying amount:
At 31 December 2025 37,947 8,367 15,665 16,897 94,108 172,984
At 31 December 2024 39,570 7,360 20,942 21,898 91,789 181,559
Notes:
(i) The amortisation charges for the year of software, income rights and patent rights are included in “cost of sales”, “selling,
general and administrative expenses” and “research and development expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit
or loss.
(ii) Internally developed software consists of capitalised development costs being an internally developed intangible asset.
(iii) Trademarks are regarded as having an indefinite useful life because the related products and services are expected to
generate net cash inflows indefinitely.
For the purpose of impairment testing, trademarks with indefinite useful life and goodwill arising from the acquisition
95% equity interest of Suzhou Huaqi Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. (“Huaqi Intelligent”) (蘇州華啟智能科技股份有限
公司) have been allocated to the CGU of the provision of intelligent passenger information services (see Note 13).
114 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 116 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
13 GOODWILL
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Cost:
At 1 January 601,927 615,105
Exchange adjustments 15,208 (13,178)
At 31 December 617,135 601,927
Impairment losses:
At 1 January 57,983 59,252
Exchange adjustments 1,465 (1,269)
At 31 December 59,448 57,983
Carrying amount:
At 31 December 557,687 543,944
Impairments tests for cash-generating units containing goodwill
Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s CGUs identified according to the operations of the Group as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Operations in the provision of intelligent passenger information
services (Note (i)) 495,475 483,265
Operations in the provision of digital-intelligence urban rail services
(Note (ii)) 52,285 50,997
Operations related to the innovative development (Note (iii)) 9,927 9,682
557,687 543,944
Notes:
(i) Goodwill arose from the Group’s acquisition of the 95% equity interests in Huaqi Intelligent in 2019.
(ii) Goodwill arose from the Group’s acquisition of the digital-intelligence urban rail business in 2013.
(iii) Goodwill arose from the Group’s acquisition of the innovative development business in 2014.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 115

===== PAGE 117 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
13 GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
Key assumptions
The recoverable amount of the CGU of operations in provision of intelligent passenger information services,
the CGU of operations in provision of digital-intelligence urban rail services and the CGU of operations relating
to the innovative development were determined based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations used
cash flow projections based on financial budgets prepared by the directors of the Company covering a five-year
period. Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a steady growth rate. The cash flows are
discounted using a discount rate, which is pre-tax and reflect specific risks relating to the relevant segments.
The key assumptions used in the value-in-use calculations for the three CGUs include:
2025 2024
Operations in the provision of intelligent passenger information services
– Steady growth rate 0% 0%
– Pre-tax discount rate 11.03% 10.55%
Operations in the provision of digital-intelligence urban rail services
– Steady growth rate 0% 0%
– Pre-tax discount rate 13.15% 13.31%
Operations related to the innovative development
– Steady growth rate 0% 0%
– Pre-tax discount rate 13.15% 13.31%
116 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 118 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
14 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets and
liabilities of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.
Proportion of
ownership interest
Place of Particulars of
establishment/ registered/ The Group’s
incorporation issued and effective Held by
Name of subsidiary and operations paid-up capital interest subsidiaries Principal activities
BII Transit Systems (Beijing) The PRC RMB50,000,000 100% 100% Design, implementation and sale, and
Co., Ltd.*# maintenance, of application solutions for
億雅捷交通系統（北京）有限公司 the networking and controlling systems of
public transport and other companies, sale
of related software, hardware and spare
parts in utility tunnel areas
BII Transit Systems (HK) Co., Ltd. Hong Kong 1,000 shares 100% 100% Design, implementation and maintenance of
application solutions for the networking
and controlling systems of public transport
companies
BII Transportation Technology The PRC RMB130,000,000 100% 100% Design, implementation and sale, and
(Beijing) Co., Ltd.* maintenance, of application solutions for
北京京投億雅捷交通科技有限公司 the networking and controlling systems of
public transport and other companies, sale
of related software, hardware and spare
parts in utility tunnel areas
BII Technology Development Co., The PRC RMB300,000,000 100% 100% Provision of civil communication transmission
Ltd.* services, design, implementation and sale of
北京京投卓越科技發展有限公司 related software
China City Railway Transportation Hong Kong 18,000,010 shares 70% 70% Investment holding
Technology Investment Company
Limited (“CCRTT Investment”)
BII Information Security Technology The PRC RMB50,000,000 51% 51% Design, implementation and maintenance of
Development Co., Ltd.* application solutions for the networking
北京京投信安科技發展有限公司 and controlling systems of public transport
companies
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 117

===== PAGE 119 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
14 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets and
liabilities of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated. (continued)
Proportion of
ownership interest
Place of Particulars of
establishment/ registered/ The Group’s
incorporation issued and effective Held by
Name of subsidiary and operations paid-up capital interest subsidiaries Principal activities
Huaqi Intelligent*# The PRC RMB215,873,016 91.4% 91.4% Design, production and sale of produce on-
蘇州華啟智能科技股份有限公司 board passenger information system
(“on-board PIS”), train control and remote
diagnosis system and train network control
system
Litmus Technologies (Beijing) The PRC RMB14,285,700 51% 51% Design, implementation and sale, and
Co., Ltd.* (“Litmus”) maintenance, of application solutions for
北京樂碼仕智能科技有限公司 the networking and controlling systems of
public transport and other companies, sale
of related software
* The official name of the entity is in Chinese. The English name is for identification purpose only.
# These companies are foreign owned enterprises established in the PRC.
118 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 120 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
14 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
The following table lists out the financial information of CCRTT Investment, Huaqi Intelligent and its subsidiaries
and Litmus, the major subsidiaries of the Group which have material non-controlling interests (“NCI”).
The summarised financial information presented below represents the amounts before any inter-company
elimination.
Huaqi Intelligent and
CCRTT Investment its su bsidiaries L itmus
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Effective NCI percentage 30% 30% 8.56% 8.56% 49% 49%
Non-current assets – 72,179 212,703 179,429 5,046 6,785
Current assets 71,682 3,531 1,534,396 1,488,935 112,164 108,883
Current liabilities (81) (290) (551,526) (567,540) (48,231) (51,543)
Non-current liabilities – – (18,421) (8,554) (2,337) (4,115)
Net assets 71,601 75,420 1,177,152 1,092,270 66,642 60,010
Net assets attributable of NCI 21,480 22,626 103,952 96,526 32,655 29,405
Revenue – – 706,251 692,755 56,894 52,494
(Loss)/profit for the year (10,873) 786 88,227 88,349 7,549 6,786
Other comprehensive income/(expense) 7,054 (1,579) 28,499 (22,430) 1,584 (1,279)
(Loss)/profit attributable to NCI (3,262) 236 7,633 8,061 3,699 3,325
Other comprehensive income/(expense)
attributable to NCI 2,116 (474) 2,518 (2,175) 777 (627)
Dividends paid to NCI – – 2,725 2,105 1,226 3,223
Cash flow from operating activities 59 (157) 3,733 39,991 (8,021) 8,321
Cash flow from investing activities – 334 (1,427) 428 (333) (123)
Cash flow from financing activities – – (11,757) (1,651) (3,881) (6,577)
15 INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Interests in joint ventures 270,008 322,673
Interests in associates 28,977 62,757
298,985 385,430
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 119

===== PAGE 121 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
15 INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
The following list contains the particulars of joint ventures and associates, all of which are unlisted corporate
entities whose quoted market price is not available:
Proportion of
ownership interest
Particulars of The
Place of registered and Group’s Held Held
Name of joint venture/ establishment paid up effective by the by a
associate Note and operations capital interest Company subsidiary Principal activities
Joint ventures
Beijing Metro Science and (i) The PRC RMB30,000,000 – – – Maintenance of application
Technology Development (2024: (2024: solutions for the networking
Co., Ltd.* 49.00%) 49.00%) and controlling systems of
(“Metro Technology”) public transport companies
北京地鐵科技發展有限公司
Beijing Metro Co., Ltd.* (ii) The PRC RMB500,000,000 49.00% 49.00% – Subway operations
(“Beijing Metro”) (2024: (2024: management
北京京城地鐵有限公司 49.00%) 49.00%)
Associates
Baoding Cornerstone Lianying (iii) The PRC RMB298,000,000 – – – Investment holding
Venture Capital Investment and (2024: 2024:
Fund Centre (Limited Liability (v) 8.39%) 8.39%)
Partnership)* (“Lianying
Centre”)
保定基石連盈創業投資基金中心
（有限合夥）
Suzhou YQK Electronic (iii) The PRC RMB15,000,000 13.33% – 13.33% Research and Production of
Technology Co., Ltd.* and (2024: (2024: “on-board PIS” products
(“Suzhou YQK”) (iv) 13.33%) 13.33%)
蘇州易啟康電子科技有限公司
Suzhou Shida Xunyuan Electronic (iii) The PRC RMB6,400,000 20.00% – 20.00% Production of railway
Technology Co., Ltd.* (2024: (2024: accessories
蘇州視達訊遠電子科技有限公司 20.00%) 20.00%)
Zhongci Jiangsu Transportation (iii) The PRC RMB7,771,529 25.73% – 25.73% Production of railway
Industry Co.,Ltd.* (2024: (2024: accessories
中磁江蘇交通產業股份有限公司 25.73%) 25.73%)
120 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 122 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
15 INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
The following list contains the particulars of joint ventures and associates, all of which are unlisted corporate
entities whose quoted market price is not available: (continued)
Proportion of
ownership interest
Particulars of The
Place of registered and Group’s Held Held
Name of joint venture/ establishment paid up effective by the by a
associate Note and operations capital interest Company subsidiary Principal activities
Associates (continued)
Tianjin Wuyang Zhitong Intelligent (iii) The PRC RMB10,000,000 49.00% – 49.00% Production of railway
Technology Co., Ltd.* (2024: (2024: accessories
天津五洋智通智慧科技有限公司 49.00%) 49.00%)
Beijing Smart TOD Technology (iii) The PRC RMB20,000,000 32.00% – 32.00% Technology promotion and
Development Co., Ltd.* (2024: (2024: application services
北京京智網智慧科技發展有限公司 32.00%) 32.00%)
* The official name of the entity is in Chinese. The English name is for identification purpose only.
Notes:
(i) In March 2025, the Group disposed of a joint venture, Metro Technology, for a consideration of approximately
RMB68,332,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$74,564,000), resulting in a net loss on disposal of approximately
HK$6,431,000.
(ii) Beijing Metro was established on 15 February 2016 in Beijing by the Company and a major metro operating company,
which is another joint venture, to implement operational management of metro lines in Beijing. Beijing Metro is a private
company, and its market price is not publicly available.
(iii) According to the investment agreements or articles of these companies, the Group has rights to designate one or more
directors in these companies.
(iv) In September 2024, upon additional capital contribution made by one of the shareholders of Suzhou YQK, the registered
capital of Suzhou YQK was increased from approximately RMB14,350,000 to approximately RMB15,000,000. The
Group’s equity interest in Suzhou YQK was therefore diluted from 13.94% to 13.33%, resulting in a loss on deemed
disposal of approximately HK$23,000 (see Note 5) in previous year ended 31 December 2024.
(v) During the year ended 31 December 2025, as the Group no longer had the right to designate director to Lianying Centre
and accordingly ceased to have significant influence over the investee, the Group then accounted for its 8.39% equity
interest in Lianying Centre as a financial asset measured at FVTOCI (non-recycling) upon the loss of significant influence.
The fair value at the date of deemed disposal was approximately HK$41,363,000, resulting in a gain on deemed disposal
of an associate of approximately HK$856,000.
All of the above joint ventures and associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated
financial statements.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 121

===== PAGE 123 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
15 INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
Summarised financial information of the material joint ventures, adjusted for any differences in accounting
policies, and reconciled to the carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed below:
Metro Technology Beijing Metro
2025 2024 2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Gross amounts of the joint ventures
Current assets – 351,566 414,887 365,943
Non-current assets – 9,435 1,126,591 1,146,303
Current liabilities – (213,551) (113,948) (99,708)
Non-current liabilities – (145) (876,494) (899,889)
Net assets – 147,305 551,036 512,649
Included in the above assets and liabilities:
Cash and cash equivalents – 131,011 68,316 147,796
Current financial liabilities (excluding trade and
other payables and provisions) – 9,768 407 208
Non-current financial liabilities (excluding trade and
other payables and provisions) – – 876,494 899,889
Revenue 66,191 403,313 436,601 420,744
Profit for the year 3,597 1,055 29,082 27,273
Other comprehensive income/(expense) 2,461 (3,222) 13,240 (11,039)
Total comprehensive income/(expense) 6,058 (2,167) 42,322 16,234
Dividend from joint ventures – 372 1,928 1,898
Included in the above profit:
Depreciation 310 1,280 791 1,448
Interest income 33 955 425 1,142
Interest expense – – 27,707 33,849
Income tax 1,199 186 9,073 10,476
Reconciled to the Group’s interests in the
joint ventures
Gross amounts of the joint ventures’ net assets – 147,305 551,036 512,649
Group’s effective interest – 49% 49% 49%
Carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements – 72,179 270,008 251,198
122 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 124 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
15 INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
Aggregate information of joints ventures and associates that are not individually material:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates in the
consolidated financial statements 28,977 62,053
Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of those joint ventures and
associates’ profit 7,926 8,007
16 OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Non-current assets
Financial assets measured at FVTPL
– Be ijing Cornerstone Huiying Venture Capital
Investment Centre (Limited Liability Partnership)*
(“Cornerstone Huiying”)
北京基石慧盈創業投資中心（有限合夥） (i) 34,346 34,250
– Yo udao Technology Co., Ltd.* (“Youdao Technology”)
友道科技有限公司 (ii) 25,794 33,553
60,140 67,803
Equity securities designated at FVTOCI (non-recycling)
– Be ijing Ruubypay Science and Technology Co., Ltd.*
(“Ruubypay”)
北京如易行科技有限公司 (iii) 124,000 129,584
– Lianying Centre (iv) 41,918 –
165,918 129,584
226,058 197,387
* The official name of the entity is Chinese. The English name is for identification purpose only.
Notes:
(i) The Group holds 5% (2024: 5%) ownership interest in Cornerstone Huiying, which was established on 19 August 2020
and engaged in providing equity investment services. No dividend was received on this investment during the year (2024:
dividend of approximately HK$1,317,000 was received).
(ii) The Group holds 7.14% (2024: 7.14%) ownership interest in Youdao Technology, which was established on 10 March
2016 and engaged in providing education services regarding rail transit. The investment in Youdao Technology is
redeemable at the option of the Group in case of occurrence of certain triggering events. No dividend was received on
this investment during the year (2024:Nil).
(iii) The Group hold 9.59% (2024: 9.59%) ownership interest in Ruubypay, which was established on 3 March 2017 and
engaged in providing mobile payment technology and information service solutions in the field of public transport travel.
Given the investment strategy of the Group, the directors of the Company designated the investment in Ruubypay as
FVTOCI (non-recycling). No dividend was received on this investment during the year (2024:Nil).
(iv) As explained in Note 15(v) above, and given the investment strategy of the Group, the directors of the Company
designated its 8.39% interest in Lianying Centre as a financial asset measured at FVTOCI (non-recycling) during the year
ended 31 December 2025. No dividend was received on this investment during the year.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 123

===== PAGE 125 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
17 INVENTORIES
(a) Inventories in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Application solution related software, hardware and spare parts 455,261 419,140
Materials to be assigned to services contracts 38,293 31,996
493,554 451,136
(b) The analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as expenses and included in
profit or loss during the year is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Carrying amount of inventories sold 858,782 686,479
Write down of inventories 4,056 2,195
Reversal of write-down of inventories (2,960) (1,437)
Cost of inventories 859,878 687,237
The reversal of the write-down of inventories recognised in prior years arose from an increase in the estimated
net realisable value of certain goods as a result of the sale of such inventories.
All of the inventories are expected to be recovered within one year.
124 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 126 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
18 CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES
(a) Contract assets
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Contract assets
Arising from performance under contracts with customers 1,070,150 783,893
Less: loss allowance (52,652) (48,837)
1,017,498 735,056
Receivables from contracts with customers within
the scope of IFRS 15, which are included in
“Trade and other receivables” (Note 19) 649,973 983,954
As at 1 January 2024, contract assets amounted to approximately HK$714,262,000, and receivables from
contracts with customers within the scope of IFRS 15 (which are included in “Trade and other receivables”)
amounted to approximately HK$806,874,000.
Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract assets recognised are as follows:
The Group’s service contracts include payment schedules which require stage payments over the service
period once milestones are reached. These payment schedules prevent the buildup of significant contract
assets. The Group typically agrees to a one to three years retention period after the performance of sales
contracts, during which credit term may be granted to customers for retentions receivable, depending on
the market practice of the industry and credit assessment carried out by management on an individual
customer basis.
Contract assets are mainly generated from intelligent passenger information services segment and digital-
intelligence urban rail services segment. In 2025, revenue generated by the abovementioned segments
increased. As a result, the balance of contract assets at any given time thereafter also increased compared
to the previous year.
The amount of contract assets that is expected to be recovered after more than one year is approximately
HK$95,293,000 (2024: HK$78,432,000), all of which relates to retentions. All of the other contract assets
are expected to be recovered within one year.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 125

===== PAGE 127 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
18 CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)
(b) Contract liabilities
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Contract liabilities
Service contracts
– Billings in advance of performance 25,643 38,604
When the Group receives a deposit before the production activity commences this will give rise to contract
liabilities at the start of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the project exceeds the amount of the
deposit.
MOVEMENTS IN CONTRACT LIABILITIES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Balance at 1 January 38,604 45,800
Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue
during the year that was included in the contract liabilities
at the beginning of the year (39,057) (45,499)
Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billing in
advance of service 25,304 39,190
Exchange adjustments 792 (887)
Balance at 31 December 25,643 38,604
The amount of contract liabilities expected to be recognised as income within one year is approximately
HK$25,643,000 (2024: HK$38,604,000).
126 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 128 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
19 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Trade receivables 705,925 1,031,338
Bills receivable 481,918 230,281
1,187,843 1,261,619
Less: loss allowance (57,472) (47,981)
Trade and bills receivables, net of loss allowance 1,130,371 1,213,638
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables 59,921 65,681
Less: loss allowance (11,208) (9,980)
48,713 55,701
Value-added tax recoverable 23,135 16,425
1,202,219 1,285,764
All of the trade and other receivables are expected to be settled or recognised as expenses within one year.
As at 31 December 2025, trade and bills receivables amounting to approximately HK$28,832,000 (2024:
HK$28,262,000) have been pledged as security for the Group’s other borrowings (see Note 23).
As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade receivables and bills receivable, based on the
invoice date after loss allowance, is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Within 1 year 903,905 974,117
Over 1 year 226,466 239,521
1,130,371 1,213,638
All trade receivables are due for payment upon issuance of demand note and all bills receivable are with a
mandatory period of less than one year.
As at 31 December 2025, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate carrying
amount of HK$705,925,000 (2024: HK$1,031,338,000) which are past due as at the reporting date, of which
HK$461,172,000 (2024: HK$824,810,000) has been past due 90 days or more. The management of the Group
are of the view that it is not considered as default based on the financial background of the customers. Further
details on the Group’s credit policy and credit risk arising from trade receivables are set out in Note 29(a).
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 127

===== PAGE 129 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
20 BANK DEPOSITS AND CASH AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
(a) Bank deposits and cash comprise:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Bank deposits and cash and cash and cash equivalents in the
consolidated statement of cash flows 526,787 725,439
Bank deposits with original maturity over three months 268,077 –
Restricted bank deposits 25,774 35,765
Bank deposits and cash in the consolidated statement of
financial position 820,638 761,204
The Group’s operations in Chinese Mainland are conducted in RMB. RMB is not a freely convertible currency
and the remittance of RMB out of Chinese Mainland is subject to the relevant rules and regulations of
foreign exchange control promulgated by the PRC government.
128 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 130 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
20 BANK DEPOSITS AND CASH AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and
non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or
future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from
financing activities.
Bank Other Lease Interest
borrowings borrowings liabilities payable Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
(Note 22) (Note 23) (Note 24)
At 1 January 2024 76,421 255,000 38,909 122 370,452
Changes from financing cash flows for 2024:
Proceeds of bank borrowings 103,747 – – – 103,747
Repayment of bank borrowings (75,918) – – – (75,918)
Proceeds of other borrowings – 28,690 – – 28,690
Capital element of lease rentals paid – – (16,595) – (16,595)
Interest element of lease rentals paid – – (1,859) – (1,859)
Interest paid – – – (7,399) (7,399)
Total changes from financing cash flows 27,829 28,690 (18,454) (7,399) 30,666
Other changes:
Increase in lease liabilities – – 18,485 – 18,485
Lease modification – – (717) – (717)
Early termination of leases – – (1,461) – (1,461)
Interest expense (Note 6(a)) – – 1,859 8,025 9,884
Exchange adjustments (2,743) (428) (91) – (3,262)
Total other changes (2,743) (428) 18,075 8,025 22,929
At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 101,507 283,262 38,530 748 424,047
Changes from financing cash flows for 2025:
Proceeds of bank borrowings 114,716 – – – 114,716
Repayment of bank borrowings (102,699) – – – (102,699)
Proceeds of other borrowings – 28,451 – – 28,451
Prepayment of other borrowings – (90,000) – – (90,000)
Capital element of lease rentals paid – – (19,112) – (19,112)
Interest element of lease rentals paid – – (1,390) – (1,390)
Interest paid – – – (11,312) (11,312)
Total changes from financing cash flows 12,017 (61,549) (20,502) (11,312) (81,346)
Other changes:
Increase in lease liabilities – – 15,967 – 15,967
Lease modification – – 167 – 167
Interest expense (Note 6(a)) – – 1,390 10,943 12,333
Other non-cash movements (Note) – (28,593) – – (28,593)
Exchange adjustments 2,727 712 852 – 4,291
Total other changes 2,727 (27,881) 18,376 10,943 4,165
At 31 December 2025 116,251 193,832 36,404 379 346,866
Note: It resulted from the maturity of discounted trade and bills receivables under the factoring arrangement during the
year.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 129

===== PAGE 131 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
20 BANK DEPOSITS AND CASH AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
(c) Total cash outflow for leases
Amounts included in the consolidated statement of cash flows for leases comprise the following:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Within operating cash flows – 909
Within financing cash flows 20,502 18,454
20,502 19,363
These amounts relate to the following:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Lease rentals paid 20,502 19,363
21 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Trade payables 1,170,279 1,016,485
Bills payable 137,038 77,081
Trade and bills payables 1,307,317 1,093,566
Accrued expenses and other payables 133,979 123,804
Consideration payable for acquisition of a subsidiary – 80,730
Other taxes payables 82,222 58,820
1,523,518 1,356,920
All of the trade and other payables are expected to be settled or recognised as income within one year or are
repayable on demand.
As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade and bills payables, based on the maturity date, is
as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Due within 1 month or on demand 1,184,840 1,026,820
Due after 1 month but within 6 months 122,477 66,746
1,307,317 1,093,566
130 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 132 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
22 BANK BORROWINGS
All of the bank borrowings are unguaranteed, unsecured and repayable within one year. As at 31 December
2025, bank borrowings bear fixed interest rates ranging from 2.60% to 2.80%, except for an amount of
approximately HK$16,607,000 which bore a variable interest rate at Loan Prime Rate minus 65 to 70 basis
points. As at 31 December 2024, bank borrowings bore a fixed interest rate of 2.8%, except for an amount of
approximately HK$10,799,000 which bore a variable interest rate at Loan Prime Rate plus 65 basis points.
Some of the Group’s bank borrowings are subject to fulfilment of covenants commonly found in lending
agreements with financial institutions. If the Group were to breach the covenants, the drawn down borrowings
would become payable on demand. The Group’s management regularly monitors its compliance with these
covenants. Further details of the covenants and the Group’s management of liquidity risk are set out in Note
29(b). As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, none of the covenants relating to the drawn down facilities has been
breached.
23 OTHER BORROWINGS
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Current liabilities
Factoring loans (Note (i)) 28,832 28,262
Non-current liabilities
Other borrowing (Note (ii)) 165,000 255,000
Total 193,832 283,262
Notes:
(i) The factoring loans are unguaranteed, secured by the trade and bills receivable amounting to approximately
HK$28,832,000 (2024: HK$28,262,000) (Note 19), bear fixed interest rates ranging from 1.03% to 1.95% (2024: 1.74%
to 5.50%) per annum and are repayable within one year.
(ii) Other borrowing is secured by the Company’s 20% (2024: 30%) of equity interests in a subsidiary, interest-bearing at
a variable interest rate at 1 month Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate (“HIBOR”) plus 70 basis points (2024: 1 month
HIBOR plus 70 basis points) per annum and is payable in 2027.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 131

===== PAGE 133 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
24 LEASE LIABILITIES
As 31 December 2025, the lease liabilities were repayable as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Within 1 year 17,731 18,287
After 1 year but within 2 years 7,480 14,099
After 2 years but within 5 years 11,193 6,144
18,673 20,243
36,404 38,530
25 PROVISION FOR WARRANTIES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
At 1 January 9,366 9,281
Additional provision made 8,678 7,224
Provision utilised (8,542) (6,937)
Exchange adjustments 238 (202)
At 31 December 9,740 9,366
Less: amount included under “current liabilities” (5,427) (5,165)
4,313 4,201
The above represents the warranty costs for repairs, which are estimated based on assumptions about the
anticipated rates. The Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the data to the
calculation, based on the Group’s prevailing aftersales service policies, the sales volume and the past experience
of the level of repairs and replacement. The estimation basis is reviewed on an ongoing basis and revised where
appropriate. Any increase or decrease in the provision would affect profit or loss in future years.
132 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 134 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
26 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
(a) Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised:
(I) MOVEMENT OF EACH COMPONENT OF DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
The component of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
position and the movements during the year are as follows:
Amortisation
and Fair value
depreciation Tax adjustments
expenses Impairment difference on intangible
in excess Credit of property in other Provision assets and
of the tax losses Write-down plant and equity Deferred for Right-of-use Lease related
Deferred tax arising from: allowances Accruals allowance of inventories equipment security income warranties assets liabilities Tax losses amortisation Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Balance at 1 January 2024 989 1,582 13,128 2,242 2,965 1,214 – 1,392 (5,371 ) 5,345 10,248 (42,792 ) (9,058 )
Exchange adjustments (12) (6) (304 ) (50) (63) (11) (5) (33) 113 (116) (302) 859 70
(Charged)/credited to the
consolidated statement of profit
or loss (Note 7(a)) (609) (1,140) 1,537 114 – (9) 329 45 127 61 5,542 3,824 9,821
Charged to other comprehensive
income – – – – – (98 7) – – – – – – (98 7)
Balance at 31 December 2024 and
1 January 2025 368 436 14,361 2,306 2,902 207 324 1,404 (5,131 ) 5,290 15,488 (38,109) (154 )
Exchange adjustments (1 ) 33 383 61 73 26 (4) 36 (128) 132 363 (929) 45
(Charged)/credited to the
consolidated statement of profit
or loss (Note 7(a)) (779) 1,656 1,486 164 – 114 (320) 19 91 (149) (2,098) 2,480 2,664
Credited to other comprehensive
income – – – – – 1,31 1 – – – – – – 1,31 1
Balance at 31 December 2025 (412) 2,125 16,230 2,531 2,975 1,658 – 1,459 (5,168) 5,273 13,753 (36,558) 3,866
(II) RECONCILIATION TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Deferred tax assets in the consolidated statement of
financial position 35,801 33,536
Deferred tax liabilities in the consolidated statement of
financial position (31,935) (33,690)
3,866 (154)
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 133

===== PAGE 135 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
26 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
(CONTINUED)
(b) Deferred tax assets not recognised
As at 31 December 2025, the Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of unused tax losses,
impairment provision and accruals arising from certain subsidiaries of approximately HK$155,345,000 (2024:
HK$107,319,000) as it is not probable that future taxable profits against which the losses or deductible
temporary difference can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and entity. Except for an
amount of approximately HK$43,346,000 (2024: HK$42,526,000) which will not expire under the relevant
tax legislation, the remaining unused tax losses of approximately HK$38,348,000 (2024: HK$44,515,000)
at 31 December 2025 will expire in one to ten years (2024: one to ten years).
(c) Deferred tax liabilities not recognised
As at 31 December 2025, the Group has not recognised deferred tax liabilities in respect of temporary
differences attributable to the undistributable profits of the subsidiaries established in Chinese Mainland of
approximately HK$784,222,000 (2024: HK$759,196,000) as the Company controls the dividend policy of
these subsidiaries and it has been determined that it is probable that such profits will not be distributed in
the foreseeable future.
27 DEFERRED INCOME
Government grants of HK$1,213,000 (2024: HK$1,316,000) have been received in the current year towards
research and development cost on key technologies for integrated operation of suburban railways and urban rail
transit. As the recognition criteria have not been met, no amount has been recognised in profit or loss for both
years.
134 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 136 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
28 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS
(a) Movements in components of equity
The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s
consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in
the Company’s individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out
below:
Share Share Capital Accumulated
capital premium reserve losses Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
(Note 28(c)) (Note 28(d)(i)) (Note 28(d)(ii))
Balance at 1 January 2024 20,971 1,607,664 52,991 (39,084) 1,642,542
Changes in equity for 2024:
Total comprehensive expense – – – (12,808) (12,808)
Dividends declared in respect of the
previous year (Note 28(b)(ii)) – (52,429) – – (52,429)
Balance at 31 December 2024 and
1 January 2025 20,971 1,555,235 52,991 (51,892) 1,577,305
Changes in equity for 2025:
Total comprehensive income – – – 31,748 31,748
Dividends declared in respect of the
previous year (Note 28(b)(ii)) – (50,332) – – (50,332)
At 31 December 2025 20,971 1,504,903 52,991 (20,144) 1,558,721
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 135

===== PAGE 137 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
28 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
(b) Dividends
(I) DIVIDENDS PAYABLE TO EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE
YEAR
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period
of HK$2.0 cents (2024: HK$2.4 cents) per ordinary share 41,943 50,332
The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognised as a liability
at the end of the reporting period.
(II) DIVIDENDS TO EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE PREVIOUS
FINANCIAL YEAR, APPROVED DURING THE CURRENT YEAR
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year,
approved and paid during the year, of HK$2.4 cents
(2024: HK$2.5 cents) per ordinary share 50,332 52,429
(c) Share capital
AUTHORISED AND ISSUED SHARE CAPITAL
2025 2024
Number Number
of shares HK$’000 of shares HK$’000
Authorised:
Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each 5,000,000,000 50,000 5,000,000,000 50,000
Issued and fully paid:
At 1 January and 31 December 2,097,146,727 20,971 2,097,146,727 20,971
136 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 138 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
28 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
(d) Nature and purpose of reserves
(I) SHARE PREMIUM
The application of the share premium account is governed by Section 34 of the Companies Law,
Chapter 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands.
(II) CAPITAL RESERVE
The capital reserve mainly comprises: (i) the excess/deficiency of the carrying values of the controlling
equity interests in subsidiaries acquired and the considerations paid under the reorganisation
took place in 2011; (ii) the excess/deficiency of the considerations paid for/received from over the
changes in the carrying amounts of non-controlling interests in the acquisitions of further interests in
subsidiaries or disposal of partial interests in subsidiaries without change in control; (iii) the portion
of the grant date fair value of unexercised share options granted to directors and equity shareholder
of the Company and employees of the Group that has been recognised in accordance with the
accounting policy adopted for share-based payments; and (iv) the share of the investee’s net assets
changes, other than profit or loss or other comprehensive income and distributions received.
(III) STATUTORY RESERVES
In accordance with the articles of association of the subsidiaries established in the PRC (excluding
Hong Kong), these subsidiaries were required to set up certain statutory reserves, which were non-
distributable. The transfers to these reserves are governed by the articles of association of the
respective subsidiaries. The statutory reserves can only be utilised for predetermined means upon
approval by the relevant authority.
(IV) EXCHANGE RESERVE
The exchange reserve comprises foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the
financial statements of companies outside Hong Kong into the presentation currency. The reserve is
dealt with in accordance with the accounting policy set out in Note 2(v).
(e) Capital management
The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as
a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for equity shareholders and benefits for other
stakeholders, by pricing products and services commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access
to finance at a reasonable cost.
The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt including borrowings, net of cash and cash
equivalents and equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company comprising issued equity,
retained profits and other reserves.
The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a semi-annual basis. As part of this review,
the directors consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. The Group will
balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends as well as the issue of new debt or
the redemption of existing debt.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 137

===== PAGE 139 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s business.
The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group
to manage these risks are described below.
(a) Credit risk
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a
financial loss to the Group.
The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade, bills and other receivables, and contract assets.
Management has a credit policy in place and the exposure to this credit risk is monitored on an ongoing
basis.
The credit risk on cash at bank and pledged bank deposits is limited as the counterparties are banks with
sound credit standing.
The Group does not provide any other guarantees that would expose the Group to credit risk.
TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES AND CONTRACT ASSETS
The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer
rather than the industry or country in which the customers operate and therefore significant concentrations
of credit risk primarily arise when the Group has significant exposure to individual customers. At the end
of the reporting period, 7% (2024: 7%) and 22% (2024: 27%) of the total trade and bills receivables and
contract assets were due from the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers respectively.
Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These
evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to
pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic
environment in which the customer operates. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from
customers.
138 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 140 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(CONTINUED)
(a) Credit risk (continued)
TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES AND CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
Bills receivable
For bills receivable, the Group grouped bills receivable in accordance with credit risk characteristics and
calculated the expected credit loss on a portfolio basis.
Portfolio Credit risk characteristics
Bank acceptance bills Credit risk is characterised by the credit rating of the accepting
bank in the bank acceptance bills
Commercial acceptance bills Credit risk is characterised by the credit rating of the accepting
company in the commercial acceptance bills
For bank acceptance bills, the credit risk is limited because the bills are guaranteed by banks for payments
and the banks are creditworthy financial institutions in the PRC. The movement in the impairment losses
amount in respect of commercial acceptance bills during the year is as follow:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Balance at 1 January 597 896
Impairment loss/(reversal of impairment loss) recognised
during the year, net 896 (284)
Exchange adjustments 27 (15)
Balance at 31 December 1,520 597
Trade receivables and contract assets
The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets at an amount equal to lifetime
ECLs, which is calculated using a provision matrix or based on the probability of default with reference to
available market information, taking into account any credit enhancement. For trade receivables or contract
assets that are individually significant and where there is objective evidence that the credit risk is obviously
different from others, ECL is measured on an individual basis. As at 31 December 2025, the balance of
HK$49,852,000 (2024: HK$54,916,000) were assessed on an individual basis.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 139

===== PAGE 141 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(CONTINUED)
(a) Credit risk (continued)
TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES AND CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
Trade receivables and contract assets (continued)
The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade
receivables and contract assets:
As at 31 December 2025
Average Gross
expected carrying Loss
loss rate amount allowance
% HK$’000 HK$’000
Trade receivables
Within 1 year 1.39% 429,495 (5,988)
More than 1 year but within 2 years 4.90% 126,762 (6,208)
More than 2 years 29.24% 149,668 (43,756)
705,925 (55,952)
Contract assets 4.92% 1,070,150 (52,652)
1,776,075 (108,604)
As at 31 December 2024
Average Gross
expected carrying Loss
loss rate amount allowance
% HK$’000 HK$’000
Trade receivables
Within 1 year 1.14% 752,991 (8,557)
More than 1 year but within 2 years 3.41% 189,901 (6,471)
More than 2 years 36.58% 88,446 (32,356)
1,031,338 (47,384)
Contract assets 6.23% 783,893 (48,837)
1,815,231 (96,221)
The expected loss rate is calculated based on actual loss experience over the past five years. These ratios are
adjusted to reflect differences in the economic environment during the periods in which the historical data
is collected, the current environment and the Group’s view of the economic environment over the expected
lives of the receivables.
140 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 142 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(CONTINUED)
(a) Credit risk (continued)
TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES AND CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
Trade receivables and contract assets (continued)
Movements in the loss allowance amount in respect of trade receivables and contract assets during the year
are as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Balance at 1 January 96,221 85,897
Impairment loss recognised during the year, net 9,804 12,363
Exchange adjustments 2,579 (2,039)
Balance at 31 December 108,604 96,221
OTHER RECEIVABLES
For other receivables, the management makes periodic individual assessment on the recoverability of other
receivables based on historical settlement records, past experience, and also quantitative and qualitative
information that is reasonable and supportive forward-looking information.
Movements in the loss allowance account in respect of other receivables during the year are as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Balance at 1 January 7,889 6,685
Impairment loss recognised during the year, net 668 1,368
Exchange adjustments 208 (164)
Balance at 31 December 8,765 7,889
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 141

===== PAGE 143 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(CONTINUED)
(b) Liquidity risk
The Company is responsible for the Group’s overall cash management and the raising of borrowings to
cover expected cash demands. The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its current and expected liquidity
requirements, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet its liquidity requirements in the
short and longer term.
As disclosed in Note 22, certain of the Group’s banking facilities are subject to the fulfilment of covenants.
Some of those relating to the Group’s financial metrics which are tested periodically, as are commonly
found in lending arrangements with financial institutions. If the Group were to breach the covenants the
related loans would become payable on demand. The Group did not identify any difficulties complying with
the covenants. Information about the covenants for those bank loans classified as current at the end of the
reporting period is set out below:
Timing to comply with
Loan Carrying amount Covenant(s) the covenant(s)
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Loan A 5,536 – (i) Dividends or profits Annually
distributed to its
shareholders should
not exceeding
50% of its after-tax
profits before the
interest and related
fees have been fully
settled.
(ii) The total amount Annually
of the external
guarantees shall not
exceed 0.50 times
of the company’s
net assets, and
both the aggregate
amount of external
guarantees and
the amount of any
single guarantee
shall not exceed the
limits prescribed
in its articles of
association.
142 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 144 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(CONTINUED)
(b) Liquidity risk (continued)
Timing to comply with
Loan Carrying amount Covenant(s) the covenant(s)
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Loan B 15,500 – (i) The debt-to-asset At the end of each quarter
ratio should not of financial year
exceed 60%.
(ii) The current ratio At the end of each quarter
should not be lower of financial year
than 1.5.
Loan C 14,393 – (i) The debt-to-asset At the end of each quarter
ratio should not of financial year
exceed 60%.
(ii) The current ratio At the end of each quarter
should not be lower of financial year
than 1.5.
Loan D 13,286 – (i) The debt-to-asset At the end of each quarter
ratio should not of financial year
exceed 60%.
(ii) The current ratio At the end of each quarter
should not be lower of financial year
than 1.5.
Loan E 1,107 – (i) The debt-to-asset At the end of each quarter
ratio should not of financial year
exceed 60%.
(ii) The current ratio At the end of each quarter
should not be lower of financial year
than 1.5.
Loan F 13,286 – (i) The debt-to-asset At the end of each quarter
ratio should not of financial year
exceed 60%.
(ii) The current ratio At the end of each quarter
should not be lower of financial year
than 1.5.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 143

===== PAGE 145 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(CONTINUED)
(b) Liquidity risk (continued)
Timing to comply with
Loan Carrying amount Covenant(s) the covenant(s)
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Loan G – 15,118 (i) The debt-to-asset At the end of each quarter
ratio should not of financial year
exceed 60%.
(ii) The current ratio At the end of each quarter
should not be lower of financial year
than 1.5.
Loan H – 15,118 (i) The debt-to-asset At the end of each quarter
ratio should not of financial year
exceed 60%.
(ii) The current ratio At the end of each quarter
should not be lower of financial year
than 1.5.
Loan I – 15,118 (i) The debt-to-asset At the end of each quarter
ratio should not of financial year
exceed 60%.
(ii) The current ratio At the end of each quarter
should not be lower of financial year
than 1.5.
144 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 146 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(CONTINUED)
(b) Liquidity risk (continued)
The following table details the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the
Group’s financial liabilities which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows and the earliest dates
the Group can be required to pay:
2025
Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
More More
than than
Within 1 year 2 years
1 year but less but less
or on than than Carrying
demand 2 years 5 years Total amount
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Bank borrowings 117,661 – – 117,661 116,251
Other borrowings 35,052 170,863 – 205,915 193,832
Lease Liabilities 18,729 7,983 11,694 38,406 36,404
Trade and other payables 1,441,296 – – 1,441,296 1,441,296
1,612,738 178,846 11,694 1,803,278 1,787,783
2024
Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
More More
than than
Within 1 year 2 years
1 year but less but less
or on than than Carrying
demand 2 years 5 years Total amount
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Bank borrowings 103,134 – – 103,134 101,507
Other borrowings 41,805 13,464 267,689 322,958 283,262
Lease Liabilities 19,596 14,646 6,346 40,588 38,530
Trade and other payables 1,298,100 – – 1,298,100 1,298,100
1,462,635 28,110 274,035 1,764,780 1,721,399
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 145

===== PAGE 147 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(CONTINUED)
(c) Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
because of changes in market interest rates. The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation
to loans from a related party with a fixed-rate and other interest-bearing borrowings. Cash flow interest
rate risk in relation to bank balances and restricted bank deposits is considered insignificant. Interest rate
risk is managed by the management of the Group on an ongoing basis with the primary objective of
limiting the extent to which interest expense could be affected by adverse movement in interest rates. The
Group’s interest rate profile as monitored by management is set out in (i) below.
(I) INTEREST RATE RISK PROFILE
The following table details the interest rate risk profile of the Group’s borrowings at the end of the
reporting period:
2025 2024
Effective Effective
interest rate interest rate
% HK$’000 % HK$’000
Fixed rate borrowings:
Lease liabilities 3.10%-5.14% 36,404 3.95%-5.14% 38,530
Bank borrowings 2.60%-2.80% 99,644 2.80% 90,708
Other borrowing 1.03%-1.95% 28,832 1.74%-5.50% 28,262
164,880 157,500
Variable rate borrowings:
Bank borrowings 2.30%-2.35% 16,607 4.10% 10,799
Other borrowing 3.77% 165,000 5.28% 255,000
181,607 265,799
Total borrowings 346,487 423,299
Fixed rate borrowings as a
percentage of total borrowings 48% 37%
146 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 148 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(CONTINUED)
(c) Interest rate risk (continued)
(II) SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS
At 31 December 2025, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 50 basis points in interest
rates, with all other variables held constant, would have decreased/increased the Group’s profit after
tax and retained profits by approximately HK$751,000 (2024: HK$1,105,000).
The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and
retained profits) that would arise assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end of
the reporting period and had been applied to remeasure those financial instruments held by the Group
which expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk at the end of the reporting period.
(d) Currency risk
The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through bank deposit and cash and other receivables that
are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e. a currency other than the functional currency of the operations
to which the transactions relate. The currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily RMB, United States
dollars (“USD”), Euro (“EUR”) and Japanese Yen (“JPY”).
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 147

===== PAGE 149 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(CONTINUED)
(d) Currency risk (continued)
(I) EXPOSURE TO CURRENCY RISK
The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk
arising from recognised assets denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the
entity to which they relate. For presentation purposes, the amounts of the exposure are shown in HK$,
translated using the spot rates at the year end date. Differences resulting from the translation of the
financial statements of foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency are excluded.
Exposure to foreign currencies (expressed in HK$)
2025
RMB HK$ USD EUR JPY
’000 ’000 ’000 ’000 ’000
Bank deposits and cash 28,638 1,817 32,935 1,470 –
Contract assets – 257 2,617 92 –
Trade and other receivables – 2,428 – 11,086 792
Gross exposure arising from recognised assets and liabilities 28,638 4,502 35,552 12,648 792
Exposure to foreign currencies (expressed in HK$)
2024
RMB HK$ USD EUR JPY
’000 ’000 ’000 ’000 ’000
Bank deposits and cash 111,720 843 13,151 1,366 –
Contract assets – 46 2,611 90 –
Trade and other receivables – 1,538 – 1,937 –
Gross exposure arising from recognised assets and liabilities 111,720 2,427 15,762 3,393 –
148 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 150 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(CONTINUED)
(d) Currency risk (continued)
(II) SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS
The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after taxation and
retained profits that would arise if foreign exchange rates to which the Group has significant exposure
at the end of the reporting period had changed at that date, assuming all other risk variables remained
constant.
2025 2024
Increase/ Increase/
Increase/ (decrease) Increase/ (decrease)
(decrease) in profit after (decrease) in profit after
in foreign taxation and in foreign taxation and
exchange retained exchange retained
rates profits rates profits
HK$’000 HK$’000
RMB 10% 2,864 10% 11,172
(10%) (2,864) (10%) (11,172)
HK$ 10% 391 10% 197
(10%) (391) (10%) (197)
USD 10% 3,448 10% 1,510
(10%) (3,448) (10%) (1,510)
EUR 10% 1,075 10% 254
(10%) (1,075) (10%) (254)
JPY 10% 67 10% –
(10%) (67) (10%) –
Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of the instantaneous
effects on each of the Group entities’ profit after taxation and retained profits measured in the
respective functional currencies, translated into HK$ at the exchange rates ruling at the end of the
reporting period for presentation purposes.
The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied to re-
measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to foreign currency
risk at the end of the reporting period, including intercompany receivables within the Group which are
denominated in a currency other than the functional currencies of the borrower. The analysis excludes
differences that would result from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations into
the Group’s presentation currency. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2024.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 149

===== PAGE 151 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(CONTINUED)
(e) Financial instruments measured at fair value
(I) FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY
The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end
of the reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as
defined in IFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified
is determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation
technique as follows:
• Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs, i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in
active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date.
• Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs, i.e. observable inputs which fail to
meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for
which market data are not available.
• Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.
The Group has a team headed by the finance manager performing valuations for the financial
instruments, including unlisted equity securities and contingent considerations which are categorised
into Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The team reports directly to the Chief Financial Officer and the
directors of the Company. A valuation report with analysis of changes in fair value measurement is
prepared by the team at each interim and annual reporting date, and is reviewed and approved by the
Chief Financial Officer. Discussion of the valuation process and results with the Chief Financial Officer
and the directors of the Company is held twice a year, to coincide with the reporting dates.
150 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 152 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(CONTINUED)
(e) Financial instruments measured at fair value (continued)
(I) FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (CONTINUED)
Fair value
measurement
as at
31 December
Fair value at 2025
31 December categorised
2025 into Level 3
HK$’000 HK$’000
Recurring fair value measurement
Financial assets:
Other financial assets measured at FVTPL 60,140 60,140
Other financial assets designated at FVTOCI 165,918 165,918
Financial liabilities:
Contingent considerations – –
Fair value
measurement
as at
31 December
Fair value at 2024
31 December categorised
2024 into Level 3
HK$’000 HK$’000
Recurring fair value measurement
Financial assets:
Other financial assets measured at FVTPL 67,803 67,803
Other financial assets designated at FVTOCI 129,584 129,584
Financial liabilities:
Contingent considerations 1,955 1,955
During the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there were no transfers between Level 1 and
Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels
of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 151

===== PAGE 153 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(CONTINUED)
(e) Financial instruments measured at fair value (continued)
(I) FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (CONTINUED)
The movements during the year in the balance of Level 3 fair value measurements are as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Other financial assets measured at FVTPL:
Balance at 1 January 67,803 76,935
Changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss
during the period (9,253) (7,597)
Exchange adjustments 1,590 (1,535)
Balance at 31 December 60,140 67,803
Other financial assets designated at FVTOCI:
Balance at 1 January 129,584 125,800
Transferred from deemed disposal of an associate 41,363 –
Net unrealised gains or losses recognised in other
comprehensive income (8,740) 6,578
Exchange adjustments 3,711 (2,794)
Balance at 31 December 165,918 129,584
Contingent considerations payable:
Balance at 1 January 1,955 1,998
Payment of contingent considerations (1,985) –
Exchange adjustments 30 (43)
Balance at 31 December – 1,955
152 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 154 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(CONTINUED)
(e) Financial instruments measured at fair value (continued)
(II) INFORMATION ABOUT LEVEL 3 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
Other financial assets measured at FVTPL
The valuation model of the fair value of unlisted equity investment in Cornerstone Huiying is based on
adjusted recent transaction price of the underlying investments or the market multiples (i.e. price to
earnings multiples) from comparable listed companies, which is adjusted for the lack of marketability
discounted at weighted average rate of 34.2% (2024: 31.7%) of the underlying investments.
The Group determines the fair value of unlisted equity investment in Youdao Technology based on
market multiples (i.e. price to earnings multiples) from comparable listed companies, which is adjusted
for the lack of marketability discounted at weighted average rate of 31.5% (2024: 31.5%).
As at 31 December 2025, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, a decrease/increase
in discount for lack of marketability by 1% would have increased/decreased the Group’s profit by
HK$351,000 (2024: HK$386,000).
Other financial assets designated at FVTOCI
The valuation model of the fair value of unlisted equity investment in Ruubypay is based on market
multiples (i.e. enterprise value to earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation
multiple/price to sales multiples) from comparable listed companies, which is adjusted for the lack
of marketability discounted at weighted average rate of 33.9% (2024: 31.5%) of the underlying
investments.
The Group determines the fair value of unlisted equity investment in Lianying Centre based on market
multiples (i.e. price to earnings multiples) from comparable listed companies, which is adjusted for the
lack of marketability discounted at weighted average rate of 21.0% (2024: N/A).
As at 31 December 2025, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, a decrease/
increase in discount for lack of marketability by 1% would have increased/decreased the Group’s other
comprehensive income by HK$1,093,000 (2024: HK$2,160,000).
Contingent considerations
The fair value of contingent considerations was determined using valuation model considering the
present value of expected payable, discounted using a risk-free discount rate.
(f) Fair values of financial instruments carried at other than fair value
The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost are not
materially different from their fair values at 31 December 2025 and 2024.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 153

===== PAGE 155 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
30 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
In addition to those disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the material related party
transactions entered into by the Group during the year are set out below.
(a) Key management personnel remuneration
Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the directors of the
Company as disclosed in Note 8 and certain of the highest paid employees of the Group as disclosed in
Note 9, is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Short-term employee benefits 8,118 9,108
Retirement scheme contributions 696 709
8,814 9,817
Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (see Note 6(b)).
(b) Related party transactions
TRANSACTIONS WITH ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Interest expense 6,913 4,975
Revenue from intelligent passenger information services 1,732 77,019
Revenue from digital-intelligence urban rail services 501,275 299,427
Revenue from innovative development 41,933 31,004
Purchases of goods and service 94,584 40,068
Payments relating to lease – 4,204
TRANSACTIONS WITH JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Purchases of goods and services 72,593 142,746
Revenue from intelligent passenger information services 13,344 7,181
Revenue from digital-intelligence urban rail services – 1,735
Dividends 4,244 2,818
154 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 156 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
30 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
(c) Related party balances
BALANCES WITH ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Trade receivables 106,593 153,469
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables 4,559 4,308
Contract assets 335,523 233,358
Contract liabilities 14,283 21,842
Trade payable 102,232 40,497
Accrued expenses and other payables 18,548 1,934
Other borrowings 165,000 260,669
BALANCES WITH JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Trade receivables 16,092 5,075
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables 1,998 –
Contract assets 957 2,839
Trade payables 27,858 14,509
Except for other borrowings which is secured, interest bearing and repayable according to the relevant
contract terms (see Note 23), all the above balances are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand
or according to the relevant contract terms.
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 155

===== PAGE 157 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
30 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
(d) Transactions with other state-controlled entities in the PRC
The ultimate holding company of the Company, Beijing Infrastructure Investment Co., Ltd. (“BII”), is an
enterprise controlled by the PRC government. Apart from transactions with BII and its affiliates which
were disclosed in Notes 30(b) and 30(c) above, the Group also has transactions with other state-controlled
entities, included but not limited to the following:
• provision of hardware and software products and services of passenger information system of high-
speed railways, intercity railways, suburban railways and metro system;
• provision of professional integration service and intelligent hardware and software products and
services of metro transportation, including cloud and big data service;
• provision of one-stop infrastructure services for domestic and international clients;
• bank deposits;
• bank borrowings; and
• purchase of other financial assets.
The above transactions were entered into in the Group’s ordinary course of business. The pricing and
the selection of suppliers, service providers and financial institutions are not dependent on whether the
counterparties are state-controlled entities or not. The directors of the Company are of the view that
separate disclosures of these transactions would not be meaningful.
In the opinion of the management of the Group, the above transactions are collectively significant
transactions of the Group with state-controlled enterprises controlled by the PRC government.
156 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 158 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
31 THE COMPANY’S STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Non-current assets
Investments in subsidiaries 14 570,757 570,757
Interest in a joint venture 294,735 294,735
865,492 865,492
Current assets
Other receivables 985,346 887,554
Bank deposit and cash 55,190 122,754
1,040,536 1,010,308
Current liabilities
Accrued expenses and other payables 182,307 43,495
182,307 43,495
Net current assets 858,229 966,813
Total assets less current liabilities 1,723,721 1,832,305
Non-current liability
Other borrowing 165,000 255,000
NET ASSETS 1,558,721 1,577,305
CAPITAL AND RESERVES 28
Share capital 20,971 20,971
Reserves 1,537,750 1,556,334
TOTAL EQUITY 1,558,721 1,577,305
BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025 157

===== PAGE 159 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
32 IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY
As at 31 December 2025, the directors of the Company consider the immediate and ultimate controlling party
of the Company to be Beijing Infrastructure Investment (Hong Kong) Limited, a company incorporated in Hong
Kong, and BII, a company established in the PRC, respectively. Neither of these companies produces financial
statements available for public use.
33 POSSIBLE IMPACTS OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS
ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
Up to the date of issue of these consolidated financial statements, the IASB has issued a number of new or
amended standards, which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2025 and which have not been
adopted in these consolidated financial statements. These developments include the following which may be
relevant to the Group.
Effective for
accounting periods
beginning on or after
Amendments to IFRS 9, Financial instruments and IFRS 7, Financial instruments: 1 January 2026
disclosures – Contracts referencing nature-dependent electricity
Amendments to IFRS 9, Financial instruments and IFRS 7, Financial instruments: 1 January 2026
disclosures – Amendments to the classification and measurement of financial
instruments
Annual improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11 1 January 2026
IFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements 1 January 2027
The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected
to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that except for the new or amended standards
mentioned below, the adoption of all other new or amended standards is unlikely to have a significant impact on
the consolidated financial statements except for the following:
IFRS 18 “Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements” (“IFRS 18”)
IFRS 18 sets out requirements on presentation and disclosures in financial statements and will replace IAS 1
“Presentation of Financial Statements” (“IAS 1”) and this new IFRS Accounting Standard, while carrying forward
many of the requirements in IAS 1, introduces new requirements to present specified categories and defined
subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on management-defined performance measures
in the notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation and disaggregation of information to be
disclosed in the financial statements. In addition, some IAS 1 paragraphs have been moved to IAS 8 “Accounting
Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors” and IFRS 7. Minor amendments to IAS 7 “Statement of
Cash Flows” and IAS 33 “Earnings per Share” are also made.
IFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1
January 2027, with early application permitted. The application of the new standard is expected to affect the
presentation of the statement of profit or loss and disclosures in the future financial statements. The Group is in
the process of assessing the detailed impact of IFRS 18 on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
158 BII Railway Transportation Technology Holdings Company Limited Annual Report 2025

===== PAGE 160 =====
This annual report is printed on environmental friendly paper