Annual Report
 2023/24
CONTENTS

Corporate Information                                                                         2
Directors and Senior Management                                                               3
Chairman’s Statement                                                                          7
Management Discussion and Analysis                                                            9
Corporate Governance Report                                                                 16
Directors’ Report                                                                           28
Independent Auditor’s Report                                                                39
Consolidated Statement of Proﬁt or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income                      44
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                                                46
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                 48
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                                        51
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                              53
Financial Summary                                                                          138




                                  Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   1
    CORPORATE INFORMATION



    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                     BRANCH REGISTRAR AND
    Mr. FANG Yan Tak, Douglas
                                                           TRANSFER OFFICE
    Mr. LI Kwok Wai, Frankie                               Tricor Secretaries Limited
    Mr. LEUNG Tze Kuen                                     17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    Mr. CHEUNG Wai Man (appointed on 12 July 2024)         16 Harcourt Road
    Mr. CHU Chi Wai, Allan*
                                                           Hong Kong
    Mr. LAU Yuen Sun, Adrian*
    Professor LAU Kei May*
                                                           PRINCIPAL BANKERS
    *   independent non-executive director
                                                           The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
                                                             Corporation Limited
    COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                           1 Queen’s Road Central
    Mr. LAU Siu Ki, Kevin                                  Hong Kong

    AUDITOR                                                UBS AG
    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu                               Hong Kong Branch
                                                           2 International Finance Centre
    REGISTERED OFFICE                                      52/F, 8 Finance Street
    Victoria Place, 5th Floor                              Central
    31 Victoria Street                                     Hong Kong
    Hamilton HM 10
    Bermuda                                                Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                           23/F, Bank of China Centre
    HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL                              Olympian City
    PLACE OF BUSINESS                                      11 Hoi Fai Road
    7th Floor                                              West Kowloon
    On Dak Industrial Building                             Hong Kong
    2-6 Wah Sing Street
    Kwai Chung                                             BNP Paribas
    New Territories                                        Hong Kong Branch
    Hong Kong                                              59-63/F Two International Finance Centre
                                                           8 Finance Street
    PRINCIPAL REGISTRAR AND                                Central
    TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                           Hong Kong
    Ocorian Management (Bermuda) Limited
    Victoria Place, 5th Floor                              Dah Sing Bank Limited
    31 Victoria Street                                     248 Queen’s Road East
    Hamilton HM 10
                                                           Wan Chai
    Bermuda
                                                           Hong Kong

                                                           Bank of Communications (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                           20 Pedder Street
                                                           Central
                                                           Hong Kong




2   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                                   DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
FANG Yan Tak, Douglas, aged 51, is the Chairman of the Company and currently a director at Fang
Brothers Holdings Limited (“Fang Brothers”), the ultimate holding company of the Company, and its
various affiliated companies. Prior to joining Fang Brothers, he worked at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette,
an investment bank in the United States of America. Mr. Fang received his Bachelor of Science degree
from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1995. Mr. Fang was appointed as a Non-executive
Director in June 2014, and re-designated as an executive director and appointed as the Chairman in
September 2022.

LI Kwok Wai, Frankie, aged 66, is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company responsible for planning
and developing corporate strategies, corporate policies setting and overall management of the Group. He
is also a director of various subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Li graduated from the Hong Kong University
majoring in Business Management and has substantial experience in banking and corporate finance. Mr.
Li joined the Company as a Director in November 1995.

LEUNG Tze Kuen, aged 61, is responsible for the planning and developing finance strategies, direct
investment management and policy setting of the Group. He is also a director of various subsidiaries of
the Company. Mr. Leung graduated from the Chinese University of Hong Kong majoring in Accounting.
He also holds an MBA degree from Monash University, Australia. He is a member of CPA Australia. He
has extensive experience in operational and financial management. Mr. Leung was appointed as an
Executive Director of the Company in September 2007.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
CHU Chi Wai, Allan, aged 72, has over 52 years’ experience in the electronics industry. Mr. Chu is the
Executive Director of Fairable Investment Limited which is an investment holding company. Mr. Chu joined
the Company as an Independent Non-executive Director in August 1998.

LAU Yuen Sun, Adrian, aged 69, holds a Bachelor Degree in Commerce from the University of Windsor,
Canada and has years of experience in banking and investment. Mr. Lau had worked for the National
Bank of Canada as the vice president of Asia region as well as the general manager of the Hong Kong
branch from September 1994 to December 1996. He has served directorships in various listed companies
in Hong Kong. Mr. Lau joined the Company as an Independent Non-executive Director in May 2004.

LAU Kei May, aged 69, is a Chair Professor of the Department of Electronic & Computer Engineering at
the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (“HKUST”). Prof. Lau received the B.S. and M.S.
degrees in physics from the University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, and the PhD, Degree in Electrical
Engineering from Rice University, Houston, Texas. Before joining HKUST in 2000, she had a brief stint
in the electronics industry, and was a professor at the University of Massachusetts/Amherst for 18 years.
Prof. Lau is a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (“IEEE”), the Optical Society
(“OSA”) and the Hong Kong Academy of Engineering Sciences. She is also a recipient of the Institute of
Engineering and Technology (IET) J J Thomson Medal for Electronics, OSA Nick Holonyak Jr. Award,
IEEE Photonics Society Aron Kressel Award, and Hong Kong Croucher Senior Research Fellowship. She
served as an editor of professional journals in her field. Prof. Lau joined the Company as an Independent
Non-executive Director in March 2021.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24    3
    DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



    SENIOR MANAGEMENT
    TSUI Siu Keung, aged 50, is the President of the display business responsible for the formation of overall
    strategic planning, business development and business management of LCD, LCM and CTP products. Mr.
    Tsui graduated from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University with a degree in manufacturing engineering.
    Mr. Tsui has over 24 years of experience in customer service management, sales, and marketing. Mr. Tsui
    has been involved in product development management since 2018. Mr. Tsui joined the Group in 2000.

    YANG Zhao Hui, aged 52, is the Executive Vice President of the display business responsible for the
    production management of Capacitive Touch Panel (“CTP”), touch screen display module and Physical
    Vapor Deposition (“PVD”), and the management of the factory’s equipment and power system. He has
    extensive experience in LCD and CTP manufacturing, PVD process, equipment management, maintenance
    and management of automation equipment and project management. Mr. Yang joined the Group in 2004.

    HUANG Wen Huei, aged 49, is the Vice President and the General Manager of the branch office in Taiwan,
    and responsible for facilitating and developing new business. Mr. Huang obtained the bachelor degree in
    chemical engineering at National Taiwan University, and the master’s degree in business administration
    at FuJen Catholic University. He has over 22 years’ experience in management of marketing, R&D, quality
    assurance and process technology. Mr. Huang joined the Group in 2004.

    CHEUNG Wai Man, aged 48, is the Vice President of the Group responsible for the direct investment
    management, investor relations and financial management. Mr. Cheung is a director of various subsidiaries
    of the Company and Nantong Jianghai Capacitor Co., Ltd., an associate of the Group which shares are
    listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. He is also currently a senior vice president of Fang Brothers.
    Mr. Cheung graduated from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University with a Bachelor of Arts (Honours) in
    Accountancy. He also holds an MBA degree from Fudan University, the People’s Republic of China. Mr.
    Cheung is a member of The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and the Hong Kong Institute
    of Certified Public Accountants. Prior to joining Fang Brothers in 2010, Mr. Cheung has worked for an
    international accounting firm and for listed companies with extensive experience in auditing, mergers
    and acquisitions, operational and financial management. Mr. Cheung joined the Group in 2023 and was
    appointed as an Executive Director of the Company with effect from 12 July 2024. On 12 July 2024, Mr.
    Cheung has (i) obtained legal advice from Messrs. Ronald Tong & Co, a firm of solicitors qualified to
    advise on Hong Kong law, as regards the requirements under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
    on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”) that are applicable to him as a Director and
    the possible consequences of making a false declaration or giving false information to the Stock Exchange
    pursuant to Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules and (ii) confirmed he understood his obligations as a Director.

    XIE Hong Jun, aged 46, is the Vice President responsible for sales and marketing for certain areas in
    the PRC and overseas markets. Mr. Xie has 24 years’ experience in LCD material control and marketing.
    Mr. Xie joined the Group in 2000.

    XU Xiu Yan, aged 45, is the Vice President mainly responsible for sales and marketing for overseas
    market. Ms. Xu graduated from Guangdong University of Foreign Studies with a bachelor’s degree in
    Business Management. Ms. Xu has been working in the field of customer service management, sales
    and marketing for over 21 years. Ms. Xu joined the Group in 2002.




4   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                                  DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Wu Geng Hau, aged 49, is the Vice President responsible for project management (“PM”) and research
and development (“R&D”). Mr. Wu obtained a master’s degree in engineering from Feng Chia University
in Taiwan. He has over 18 years’ experience in management of PM, R&D and process technology. Mr.
Wu joined the Group in 2006.

Yang Luan Xia, aged 47, is the Vice President responsible for the production and management of Liquid
Crystal Display Modules (“LCM and TFT modules”) and Capacitive Touch Panel module (“CTP”). Ms.
Yang has over 26 years’ experience of manufacturing and management experience in the LCD display
industry, and is adept at target management and overall planning. Ms. Yang joined the Group in 2009.

Wang Xiao San, aged 50, is the Senior Manager responsible for PRC finance, import and export
operations and logistics system management, and has broad experience in finance, taxation and credit
management. He is a senior accountant and a member of the China Certified Tax Agents Association.
Mr. Wang joined the Group in 2006.

YANG Ying Jun, aged 57, is the Senior Manager and the Chief Accountant of the Group. Mr. Yang has
extensive experience in finance and accounting. He graduated from Xi’an University of Technology with
a Bachelor’s Degree. He is a member of both the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants and
the China Certified Tax Agents Association. He is an affiliate of the Association of Chartered Certified
Accountants. Mr. Yang joined the Group in 2005.

XIE Wen Zhen, aged 53, is the Senior Manager responsible for the purchases of LCD, LCM and CTP
and the material control. Ms. Xie graduated from Shaanxi University of Science & Technology with a
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering. Ms. Xie joined in the Group in 2001.

WU Hong Jin, aged 55, is the Senior Manager responsible for the factory management in Guangxi
province. Mr. Wu has 32 years experience in LCD industry. He graduated from South China Normal
University. Mr. Wu joined the Group in 2013.

CHEN Chuan Hao, aged 48, is the Senior Manager responsible for sales and marketing in Japan and
Taiwan. Mr. Chen graduated from the Japanese Department of National Chengchi University of Taiwan,
and has extensive experience in handling high-demand Japanese customers. Mr. Chen joined the Group
in 2009.

CAO Jun, aged 46, is the Senior Manager mainly responsible for sales and marketing for overseas market.
Mr. Cao graduated from Wuyi University with a bachelor’s degree in Telecommunications Engineering. Mr.
Cao has been working in the field of customer service management, sales and marketing for 16 years,
Mr. Cao joined the Group in 2008.




                                           Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   5
    DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



    MOU Li Chang, aged 42, is the Senior Manager responsible for PVD coating manufacturing, production
    technology and equipment management, LCD manufacturing, production technology management,
    and information technology and digital business. Mr. Mou graduated from Chongqing University with a
    bachelor’s degree in Applied Physics. Mr. Mou has over 20 years of experience in LCD and Displays
    products development, manufacturing and production technology management. Mr. Mou joined the Group
    in 2004.

    YANG Xiao Dong, aged 42, is the Senior Manager responsible for the development of LCD and Displays
    products and the management of customer technical support. Mr. Yang has over 19 years of senior
    technical work experience in the LCD industry and graduated from Hebei University of Technology, one
    of the Project 211 Universities in China, majoring in LCD Physics. Mr. Yang joined the Group in 2005.

    LUO Yong Sheng, aged 42, is the Senior Manager responsible for the engineering manufacturing and
    production technology control of the new TFT and CTP Display. Mr. Luo has 20 years of experience in
    engineering manufacturing and production technology control in LCD, LCM, touch screens, and touch
    screen display modules. Mr. Luo joined the Group in 2013.

    Guo Ji Hui, aged 42, is the Senior Manager responsible for the quality management of LCD\LCM\TFT\
    CTP. Mr. Guo has 20 years of relevant working experience in product development/quality management
    and joined the Group in 2004.

    ZHANG Guo Hua, aged 46, is the Senior Manager responsible for the maintenance, management,
    optimisation and improvement of the production automation equipment and power equipment and
    facilities throughout the factory, and the construction of production lines. Mr. Zhang has over 20 years
    of senior technical working experience in equipment and factory management as well as production line
    construction. Mr. Zhang joined the Group in 2003.




6   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



Dear Shareholders,


On behalf of the board of Directors (the “Board”) of Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited, (“Yeebo” or
the “Company”), I present the results of the Company and its subsidiaries (which are collectively referred
to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 March 2024 (the “Year”).


The business environment was complicated and volatile during the Year. The post-COVID-19 pandemic
recovery fell short of expectations. Interest rates stayed at high levels. Geopolitical tensions were
intensifying. As anticipated by the slower and more challenging macro-economic conditions, the Group’s
revenue decreased to HK$937 million for the Year from approximately HK$1,326 million for the year
ended 31 March 2023 (“the previous financial year”). If we exclude all non-recurring gains related to
the associates in the previous financial year, profit attributable to owners of the Company decreased by
approximately 31% to HK$177 million for the Year from HK$256 million for the previous financial year.


For our business of liquid crystal displays (LCD) and display modules, the core elements of our corporate
growth strategy and business plan remained unchanged: i) a keen focus in the new product developments
for industrial and medical applications; ii) a relentless drive for higher value-add and customized content in
our product offering; and iii) winning greater wallet share among our leading customers. We obtained ISO
13485 certification for Medical Devices Quality Management Systems during the Year, a key qualification
in supporting our growth in the medical and life science devices. We have also continued to work on
improving our operational efficiency and cost control, and raising the levels of automation and customer
services.


Nantong Jianghai Capacitor Co., Ltd. (“Nantong Jianghai”) is the only company of its kind to have the
capabilities to develop, produce and distribute a comprehensive range of capacitors: (i) small to large-sized
aluminium electrolytic capacitors, (ii) thin-film capacitors, and (iii) supercapacitors in mainland China.
It also has a well-established, long-term customer base and dominant presence in the market. Despite
increased market volatility throughout the Year and the ever-hyper competitive domestic market, Nantong
Jianghai managed to largely hold its own for the Year, and gained wallet share from some of its largest
and strategic customers. Revenue and profit for the Year decreased marginally by 3.5%, to HK$5.2 billion,
and by 1.6% to HK$750 million, respectively. A hard earned and well deserved yearly result. The Group’s
stake in Nantong Jianghai has reduced from 29.10% from the previous year to 28.83%, and the share of
profit decreased by 5.0% to HK$217.2 million.


As at 31 March 2024, the Group held 245,021,000 shares, representing 28.83%, in Nantong Jianghai
with a market value of HK$4.0 billion. In March 2024, the Group entered into an agreement to sell its
20.02% equity stake in Nantong Jianghai for a cash consideration of about RMB3.23 billion to Zhejiang
Construction Investment Group Company Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Zhejiang Communications
Investment Group Co., Ltd. The transaction was approved at Yeebo’s special general meeting on 17 April
2024. This marked another significant milestone for both the Company and Nantong Jianghai. We are
very buoyant and positive on its prospect. While Nantong Jianghai will retain the agility and flexibility of
a market-driven corporate entity, it will also have the distinct advantage of accessing the resources and
opportunities typically exclusive to the state-owned enterprises. Upon the completion of the deal, Yeebo
retains an 8.81% stake in Nantong Jianghai and stays on as a meaningful minority stakeholder of it.




                                              Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24     7
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



    Suzhou QingYue Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd. (“Suzhou QingYue”) is one of the global leaders
    in passive mode organic light emitting diode (“PMOLED”). Due to the cyclical fluctuations in demand for
    various end-use applications during the Year, Suzhou QingYue saw its revenue decreased by 48.9%
    to HK$649 million, and the Group’s share of loss of Suzhou QingYue was HK$40.6 million, against the
    share of profit of HK$13.2 million for the previous financial year. Specifically, revenue from the PMOLED
    business decreased because of (i) the reduced demand for downstream applications, and (ii) the
    downward pressure on gross margins faced by the e-paper module business. To cope with the challenges,
    Suzhou QingYue strengthened its internal management and broadened the addressable markets for its
    products. It continued to invest in research and development across its three major business segments
    during the Year with the aim of further consolidating its leading position. As at 31 March 2024, the Group
    held 126,345,600 shares, representing 28.08%, in Suzhou QingYue with a market value of HK$1.6 billion.


    Not to be saddled by the economic volatilities and operating challenges, there were also achievements
    and milestones in the Year that were worth celebrating and would set up the Company nicely for the
    years to come. This Year marked the beginning of Yeebo’s corporate transformation journey. It had been
    a long and studied approach, as the Company carefully analyzed market trends, competitive landscapes,
    and technological roadmaps to ensure a successful transformation. In June 2023, the Company acquired
    a small minority stake in a private graphics processing unit chips company. This investment not only
    bolstered the Group’s technical expertise but also solidified its commitment to the Artificial Intelligence
    (“AI”) compute market. With a clear two-pronged plan – encompassing both operational initiatives and
    strategic investments – the Company has set its sights on becoming a leader in the AI compute space.


    We are grateful for the shareholders’ enduring trust and support. The Board recommends a final dividend
    of HK5.0 cents per share for the Year.


    On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our gratitude to our staff for their
    dedication and to our shareholders for their support.




    Fang Yan Tak, Douglas
    Chairman

    28 June 2024




8   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
The Group recorded a consolidated revenue for the year ended 31 March 2024 (the “Year”) of
approximately HK$937 million (2023: HK$1.33 billion), representing a decrease of 29% as compared
with that for the preceding year. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately HK$177
million (2023: HK$615 million), representing a decrease of HK$438 million. The decline in profit was mainly
attributable to the non-recurring gains on the disposal of certain shares in Nantong Jianghai Capacitor
Company Ltd. (“Nantong Jianghai”), an associate of the Company, and on the deemed disposal of the
Group’s investments in Suzhou QingYue Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd. (“Suzhou QingYue”),
another associate of the Company, pursuant to the listing of its shares on the Science and Technology
Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange in previous year; as well as the decrease in revenue
from the displays business and share of results of associates for the Year.

The overall business was stagnant and customers preferred to err on the side of caution throughout the
Year. Factors such as keen competition, weak external sentiment, persistently high interest rates and
geopolitical tensions have inevitably affected our business.

Our range of products includes Liquid Crystal Display (“LCD”), Liquid Crystal Display module (“LCM”),
Thin Film Transistor module (“TFT”) and Capacitive Touch Panel module (“CTP”). Revenue from the
sales of LCD, LCM, TFT and CTP decreased by 23%, 33%, 40% and 18% to HK$138.3 million, HK$368.0
million, HK$167.3 million and HK$263.0 million respectively. We have been focusing on enhancing our
CTP-related equipment to meet the increasing demand for CTP applications. The revenue from CTP has
made a growing contribution to the Group’s total revenue for the Year.

By implementing the Strategic Client Program, the Group is able to elevate its service standards and
provide customers with more precise and top-notch services that align with their specific needs. With a
strategic focus on high-growth business segments like engineering machinery and medical equipment,
the Group is well-prepared to take advantage of upcoming opportunities in the market.

As a result of the under utilization of production capacity during the Year due to a drop in revenue, the
gross profit margin decreased from 16.8% to 15.4%. Gross profit for the Year amounted to HK$143.9
million as compared with HK$223.3 million for the preceding year.

Other income amounted to approximately HK$23.7 million (2023: HK$31.9 million), representing a
decrease of HK$8.2 million. The drop was mainly due to the decrease in interest income from debt
investments at amortised cost.

Other gains and losses amounted to a net gain of approximately HK$9.2 million (2023: a net loss of
HK$13.3 million). The increase in net gain was mainly due to the recognition of impairment losses on
property, plant and equipment in the previous year.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     The Group recorded an allowance on credit loss for debt investments at amortised cost of HK$14.3 million
     (2023: HK$56.6 million) and a loss on derecognition of debt investments at amortised cost of HK$3.4
     million for the Year (2023: a gain on derecognition of HK$8.7 million). In September 2023, the issuer of
     the debt investments at amortised cost (the “Issuer”) obtained the consent of the bondholders to further
     extend the maturity date of all debt investments issued by the Issuer by four years to June 2028 and
     September 2029. The investment was reflected in the consolidated statement of financial position as debt
     investments at amortised cost with a carrying value of approximately HK$17.6 million (2023: HK$32.9
     million). The directors of the Company are closely monitoring the situation and will take necessary actions
     where appropriate.


     Selling and distribution expenses amounted to approximately HK$78.2 million (2023: HK$98.0 million). The
     decrease was mainly due to the decrease in business promotion expenses, transportation expenditures
     and staff-related costs.


     Administrative expenses amounted to approximately HK$36.2 million (2023: HK$39.4 million). The
     decrease was mainly attributable to the decrease in staff-related costs.


     INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
     Investment in Nantong Jianghai
     Nantong Jianghai, the Group’s 28.83%-owned associate, is mainly engaged in the manufacture and sales
     of aluminium electrolytic, thin film and super capacitors, and the production and sales of aluminium foil
     for high-performance aluminium electrolytic capacitors.


     Despite the keen competition and intensified involution, Nantong Jianghai delivered solid results for the
     Year. The Group’s share of profit from Nantong Jianghai for the Year amounted to HK$217.2 million, as
     compared with HK$228.6 million in the preceding year. The slight drop in share of profit from Nantong
     Jianghai was due to the decrease in shareholding in Nantong Jianghai from 31.06% immediately before
     the Group started to divest part of its investment in Nantong Jianghai on 31 May 2022 to 28.83% as at
     31 March 2024.


     Aluminum electrolytic capacitors remain the cornerstone of Nantong Jianghai’s business and development.
     With the competitiveness of its products and its ability to expand into different applications, Nantong
     Jianghai was able to capture the increasing demand in aluminum electrolytic capacitors and thin film
     capacitors, especially in sectors such as new energy, energy storage, electric vehicles and charging
     piles. Solid-state laminated aluminum electrolytic capacitors, being one of the key components of AI
     applications, will certainly play an important lead in Nantong Jianghai’s future growth. Nantong Jianghai
     places great emphasis on its market-oriented development strategy. Its primary goals include expanding
     and deepening customer connections, enhancing core competitiveness, and achieving growth in both
     revenue and profitability. Moreover, Nantong Jianghai is committed to further solidifying its foundation
     for sustainable and healthy development.




10   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



The Group entered into an agreement in March 2024 to dispose of 20.02% equity stake or 170,130,000
shares in Nantong Jianghai for a cash consideration of about RMB3.23 billion to Zhejiang Construction
Investment Group Company Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Zhejiang Communications Investment
Group Co., Ltd (the “Transaction”). The Transaction is pending approval from the relevant authorities
and the related gain on disposal is expected to be recorded in the year ending 31 March 2025. Upon
completion of the Transaction, the Group will continue to own 74,891,000 shares in, representing 8.81% of
the total issued share capital of, Nantong Jianghai and Nantong Jianghai will cease to be an associate of
the Company. The remaining Nantong Jianghai shares owned by the Group will be measured at fair value
through profit or loss in the Group’s consolidated financial statements. Further details of the Transaction
were set out in the Company’s circular to the shareholders dated 28 March 2024.


Investment in Suzhou QingYue
Suzhou QingYue, the Group’s 28.08%-owned associate, is engaged in the production and sales of passive
mode organic light-emitting diodes (“PMOLED”), e-paper modules and Micro-OLED. The Group’s share
of loss from Suzhou QingYue amounted to approximately HK$40.6 million for the Year, as compared with
a share of profit of HK$13.2 million in the preceding year.


The notable decrease in revenue and gross profit within the PMOLED and e-paper modules business
segments coupled with the absorption of a hefty value added tax were the key factors leading to the
transition from profit to loss for the Year. During the Year, the PMOLED business witnessed a decline
primarily due to price competition, margin squeeze and the sluggish demand for downstream applications
such as medical devices, security products and household applications. In addition, the e-paper module
business faced a decrease in sales as a result of the reduced demand from its major customer.


The Micro-OLED business segment is gradually building up new customer base in the “near-eye” display
sector, augmented reality (“AR”) and virtual reality (“VR”) markets. As in its initial stage of mass production,
the Micro-OLED is experiencing a learning curve in enhancing the production yield and efficiency.


With the aim of improving its operational results, Suzhou QingYue is taking steps to strengthen its internal
management and expand its market presence in PMOLED, e-paper modules, and Micro-OLED, with
particular focus on expanding the customer base across its business segments. Concurrently, Suzhou
QingYue remains committed to investing in research and development for Micro-OLED technology with
the aim of capitalising on emerging market prospects, especially in the field of AR and VR.

Investment in Zaozhuang Reinno Electronics Technology Co., Ltd. (“Zaozhuang
Reinno”)
Zaozhuang Reinno, the Group’s 33.33%-owned associate, is engaged in the development, manufacturing
and sales of OLED-related materials, flexible printed circuits and other electronic products. The Group’s
share of loss from Zaozhuang Reinno amounted to approximately HK$24.7 million for the Year, which
was mainly due to an allowance on credit losses on trade receivables being made, as compared with a
share of profit of HK$773,000 in the preceding year.




                                               Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24      11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     INCOME TAX
     Effective tax rate in relation to the Group’s core business (income tax expenses excluding the withholding
     tax on undistributed profits in associates as a percentage of profit before income tax excluding the share
     of results of associates) was 13% (2023: 13%).


     PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     A variety of factors impact the outcomes and business operations of the Group. The primary risk is the
     uncertainty in the economic environment, both globally and in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”,
     for this report, excludes Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region
     and Taiwan), given the ongoing tensions between the PRC and the United States of America, the Russo-
     Ukrainian conflict, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and high interest rates. The intense competition in the
     displays market will also affect the Group’s profitability. Additionally, labor shortages and wage increases
     may have an impact on the Group’s cost structure.


     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
     The Group places a strong emphasis on corporate social responsibility, with a focus on environmental
     sustainability as a key priority. A systematic approach has been implemented to incorporate green and
     sustainable practices into its operations, including initiatives such as environmentally friendly product
     design, carbon emission reduction, process management, energy and resource management, and supply
     chain management. These measures are aimed at reducing the Group’s environmental footprint and
     minimising any negative impact on the environment. Upgrades to environmental protection facilities in the
     Group’s manufacturing plants have improved the handling and treatment of wastewater, gas emissions,
     general waste, and recycled materials. Details of the Group’s strategies, efforts and performance with
     respect to environment, social and governance (“ESG”) for the Year are set out in the Group’s ESG
     Report, which is uploaded onto the websites of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
     Exchange”) and the Company.


     COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
     The Group’s operations are mainly carried out in the PRC and Hong Kong, and the Company was
     incorporated in Bermuda and its shares listed on the Stock Exchange. During the Year, there has not
     been any cases of non-compliance with all the laws and regulations in the above-mentioned jurisdictions
     which have a significant impact on the operations of the Group.




12   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



RELATIONSHIP WITH KEY STAKEHOLDERS
Human resources are one of the greatest assets of the Group and the Group regards the personal
development of its employees as a matter of the utmost importance. It is the objective of the Group
to continue to be an attractive employer for committed employees. The Group strives to motivate its
employees with a clear career path and opportunities for advancement and improvement of their skills.
In addition, the Group offers competitive remuneration packages to the employees. The Group has also
adopted a share award scheme to recognise and reward the employees for their contribution to the growth
and development of the Group. The Group has developed long-standing relationships with a number of
suppliers and taken great care to ensure that they share the Group’s commitment to quality and ethics.
The Group also carefully selects its suppliers and requires them to satisfy certain assessment criteria
including track records, experience, financial strength, reputation, ability to produce high-quality products
and effectiveness of quality control. The Group is committed to offering a broad and diverse range of
value-for-money, good-quality products to its customers. Management believes that the above objectives
will help to enhance the value of the Company for its shareholders.


PROSPECTS
Despite the prevailing challenges in the external environment, characterised by high interest rates and
strained relations between the PRC and the United States of America, the Group adopts a cautiously
optimistic view towards the prospective business growth. It firmly believes that its track record of
successfully implementing business strategies, loyal client base, and the committed management team will
unlock immense growth prospects in the long term. The Group’s strategic priorities include strengthening
its position in the engineering machinery, medical equipment, charging pile, and commercial appliance
markets, while also venturing into new markets amidst the industrial digital era.


LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
As at 31 March 2024, excluding the assets classified as held for sale and its associated liabilities, the
Group’s current ratio was 1.6 (2023: 2.3). The gearing ratio, as a ratio of bank borrowings to net worth,
was 1.3% (2023: 0.2%). As at 31 March 2024, the Group had total assets of approximately HK$2,907
million, which were financed by liabilities of HK$406 million and total equity of HK$2,501 million. As at
31 March 2024, the Group’s banking facilities amounted to approximately HK$286 million (2023: HK$161
million) of which approximately HK$31.7 million (2023: HK$4.3 million) were utilised mainly in the forms
of letters of credit, short term loan and bills payable.


Certain subsidiaries of the Group have assets and liabilities in foreign currencies, which expose the Group
to foreign currency risk. The management monitors the foreign exchange risk and has taken appropriate
hedging measures against significant foreign currency exposures.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND CHARGES OF ASSETS
The Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities and there were no significant charges or
pledges on any of the Group’s assets as at 31 March 2024.




                                              Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24    13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     EMPLOYMENT AND REMUNERATION POLICY
     The remuneration package for the Group’s employees is structured by reference to market terms and
     industry’s practice. Discretionary bonus and other rewards are based on the financial performance of
     the Group and the performance of individual staff. Staff benefit plans maintained by the Group include
     mandatory and voluntary provident fund scheme and medical insurance. The Company has adopted a
     restricted share award scheme (the “Scheme”) pursuant to which shares of the Company will be purchased
     by an independent trustee from the market and held in trust for the participants of the Scheme, including
     employees or consultants engaged by any member of the Group, until such shares are vested with the
     relevant participants in accordance with the provisions of the Scheme. The purpose of the Scheme is to
     act as an incentive to retain and encourage the participants for the continuing operation and development
     of the Group.


     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
     The percentage of the Group’s turnover and purchases attributable to major customers and suppliers
     were as follows:


                                                                                   2024                2023


     Percentage of purchases from the Group’s largest supplier                        7                   13
     Percentage of purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers                 26                   32
     Percentage of turnover to the Group’s largest customer                           4                    5
     Percentage of turnover to the Group’s five largest customers                    15                   18


     As a result of the diversification of both its customers and suppliers, the Group had no material
     concentration risk in both sales and sourcing.

     As at 31 March 2024, to the best knowledge of the Directors, none of the Directors or any shareholders
     holding more than 5% of the Group’s share capital and their respective associates had any beneficial
     interest in the Group’s five largest customers and/or five largest suppliers.


     DIVIDEND
     The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) has resolved to recommend the payment of a final
     dividend of HK5.0 cents (2023: a final dividend of HK5.0 cents and a second special dividend of HK5.0
     cents) per share for the year ended 31 March 2024 subject to the approval of the shareholders of the
     Company (the “Shareholders”) at the forthcoming annual general meeting. The final dividend will be paid
     on or about Friday, 4 October 2024 to Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of
     the Company at the close of business on Tuesday, 27 August 2024.




14   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
The annual general meeting of the Company is scheduled to be held on Friday, 16 August 2024 (the
“Annual General Meeting”). For determining the entitlement to attendance and a vote at the Annual
General Meeting, the register of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 13 August 2024 to
Friday, 16 August 2024, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be effected. In
order to be eligible to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting, all transfers of shares, accompanied
by the relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong
Kong, Tricor Secretaries Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for
registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 12 August 2024. The proposed final dividend is subject
to the approval of the Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting. For determining the entitlement to the
proposed final dividend, the register of members of the Company will be closed on Monday, 26 August
2024 to Tuesday, 27 August 2024, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be
effected. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfers of shares, accompanied by the
relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong,
Tricor Secretaries Limited, for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 23 August 2024.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED
SECURITIES
As the Board is of the view that the current trading price of the shares of the Company does not reflect
their intrinsic value, it intends to continue exercising its powers to buy back the shares (the “Share Buy-
back”) in the open market under the general mandate (the “Repurchase Mandate”) to buy back shares
granted by the Shareholders at the annual general meeting held on 21 September 2023 (the “2023 AGM”).
According to the Repurchase Mandate, the Company is allowed to buy back a maximum of 96,011,400
shares, being 10% of the total number of issued shares as at the date of the 2023 AGM. The Board
believes that the Share Buy-back and subsequent cancellation of the repurchased shares can increase
the value of the shares and lead to an increase in the return to Shareholders. In addition, the Board
believes that the Share Buy-back reflects the Company’s confidence in its long-term business prospect
and is conducted in the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


The exercise of the Repurchase Mandate by the Company will be subject to market conditions and will
be at the absolute discretion of the Board. Accordingly, there is no assurance of the timing, quantity or
price of any Share Buy-back. In any event, as disclosed in the explanatory statement in respect of the
Repurchase Mandate included in the Company’s circular dated 26 July 2023, the Board does not intend
to exercise the Repurchase Mandate to the extent that would (i) have a material adverse impact on the
working capital requirements or gearing ratio of the Company; or (ii) give rise to any obligation to make
any mandatory offer under the Hong Kong Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs; or
(iii) result in the number of shares held by the public falling below the minimum percentage prescribed
by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   15
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
     The Board believes that corporate governance is essential to the success of the Company and has
     adopted various measures to ensure that a high standard of corporate governance is maintained.
     Throughout the year ended 31 March 2024, the Company has applied the principles and complied with
     the requirements of the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”) listed out in Appendix C1 of the Rules
     Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”).


     COMPLIANCE WITH MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
     BY DIRECTORS (the “Model Code”)
     The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules as its code of
     conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors. Having made specific enquiries of all Directors,
     the Board is not aware of any non-compliance with the required standard as set out in the Model Code
     throughout the year ended 31 March 2024.


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     As at 31 March 2024, the Board comprises:


     Executive Directors
     Mr. Fang Yan Tak, Douglas (Chairman)
     Mr. Li Kwok Wai, Frankie (Chief Executive Officer)
     Mr. Leung Tze Kuen


     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan
     Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian
     Prof. Lau Kei May


     In addition, Mr. Chen Shuang, JP served as a Non-executive Director until he retired on 21 September
     2023.




16   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Board members have no financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships with
one another. Such balanced board composition is formed to ensure strong independence exists across
the Board. The Board has also met the Listing Rules’ requirement to have at least one-third in number
of its members comprising Independent Non-executive Directors.


A board diversity policy has been formulated by the Board setting out the approach to maintaining a board
with a diversity of directors. The Company recognises the benefits of diversity at the Board level as an
essential element in supporting its sustainable development. All Board appointments will continue to be
based on meritocracy with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. Selection of candidates
will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and
educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The
ultimate decision will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the
Board.


In accordance with the requirements under the Code, the Company has set an initial target that the Board
should not comprised members of single gender.


Regarding the current Board’s composition, the Board comprises five male and one female Directors.
The Directors believe that the composition of the Board reflects the necessary balance of skills and
experience appropriate for the requirements of the business development of the Group and for effective
leadership as all the Executive Directors possess extensive experience in business while the Independent
Non-executive Directors possess professional knowledge and broad experience in finance, management
and the displays industry. The Directors are of the opinion that the present structure of the Board can
ensure the independence and objectivity of the Board and provide a system of checks and balances to
safeguard the interests of the shareholders and the Company.


Having made specific enquiry with all Independent Non-executive Directors, all such Directors confirmed
that they have met the criteria of Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules regarding the guidelines for assessment
of independence.


Consideration was given to the independence of Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan and Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian,
both of them have served on the Board for more than nine years. Both Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan and Mr.
Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian do not have any interest in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part
XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, nor do they have any relationship with any other Directors,
senior management or any substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company. Moreover, both of
them have never engaged in any executive management of the Group. Taking into consideration the
independent nature of their roles and duties in the past years, the Board considers both Mr. Chu Chi
Wai, Allan and Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian to be independent under the Listing Rules despite their years
of services with the Company.


The biographical details of the Directors are set out in page 3 of this Annual Report.




                                            Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   17
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     During the year, eight board meetings were held and the attendance of each Director is set out as follows:


                                                                              Number of Meetings Attended/
     Name of Directors                                                                   Entitled to Attend


     Mr. Fang Yan Tak, Douglas                                                                              8/8
     Mr. Li Kwok Wai, Frankie                                                                               8/8
     Mr. Leung Tze Kuen                                                                                     8/8
     Mr. Chen Shuang                                                                                        0/4
     Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan                                                                                 8/8
     Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian                                                                               8/8
     Prof. Lau Kei May                                                                                      7/8


     Apart from the regular Board meetings, the Chairman also held a meeting with all the Independent Non-
     executive Directors during the year.


     The Company has in place effective mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available
     to the Board. The Board conducted an annual review on such mechanisms during the year ended 31
     March 2024 and is of the view that the mechanisms have been properly implemented and are effective.
     In particular, the Company plans regular Board and Board committees meeting schedules well in advance
     and provides remote facilities for attendance, so as to facilitate active attendance and participation in
     the meetings. Board members, especially Independent Non-executive Directors, are welcome and are
     encouraged to raise enquiries, suggestions and views during the meetings. The Board process as stated
     above, including agenda setting and provision of meeting information, facilitates effective and active
     participation by all Directors. The Board and each Director has unrestricted access to the advice and
     services of the Company Secretary and also has the liberty to seek independent professional advice to
     assist them in performing their duties to the Company at the Company’s expense.


     The Company from time to time provides briefings, training sessions and materials to the Directors to
     develop and refresh their knowledge and skills including updates on the latest development regarding the
     Listing Rules and other applicable legal and regulatory requirements to enhance their awareness of the
     same. The Board continuously reviews and monitors the Company’s corporate governance and practice
     to ensure compliance of regulatory requirements and up keeping of good practices.


     The Board is responsible for formulating overall strategy, monitoring and controlling the performance
     of the Group. In addition to its overall supervisory role, the Board also retains specific responsibilities
     such as approving specific senior appointments, approving financial accounts, recommending dividend
     payments, approving policies relating to the Board’s compliance, whilst managing the Group’s business
     is the responsibility of the management of the Group (the “Management”).


     When the Board delegates aspects of its management and administration functions to the Management,
     it has given clear directions, in particular, with respect to the circumstances where the Management
     shall report back and obtain prior approval from the Board before making decisions or entering into any
     commitment on behalf of the Company.




18   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Every newly appointed Director will receive formal, comprehensive and tailored induction on appointment
to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and governance policies and operations of the Group
and full awareness of Director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant
statutory requirements. This understanding is deepened and continued by the Directors’ participation in
Board meetings and their work on various committees.


The Directors are regularly updated and apprised of any new regulations and guidelines, as well as
any amendments thereto issued by the Stock Exchange, the Securities and Futures Commission of
Hong Kong and the Hong Kong Companies Registry, particularly the effects of such new or amended
regulations and guidelines on directors. Relevant reading materials are also provided to the Directors.
On an ongoing basis Directors are encouraged to keep up to date on all matters relevant to the Group
and attend briefings and seminars as appropriate. The Company has been provided by the Directors of
their respective training records.


Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer are segregated and assumed by separate
individuals who have no relationship with each other, to strike a balance of power and authority so that
the job responsibilities are not concentrated on any one individual. The Chairman focuses on overall
corporate development and strategic direction of the Group, and provides leadership for, and oversees the
effective functioning of, the Board. The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the day-to-day corporate
management as well as planning and developing the Group’s strategy.


Nomination of Directors
The Company has set up a Nomination Committee which is responsible for nominating appropriate person
either to fill a casual vacancy or as an additional member to the existing Board.


According to the bye-laws, notice in writing of the intention to propose a person for election as a Director
and notice in writing by that person of his willingness to be elected shall have been lodged at the Head
Office or at the Registration Office of the Company at least seven days before the date of the general
meeting, or else no person, other than a retiring Director, shall, unless recommended by the Board for
election, be eligible for election to the office of Director at any general meeting.


The period for lodgment of the notices referred to above will commence no earlier than the day after the
despatch of the notice of the general meeting appointed for such election and end no later than 7 days
prior to the date of such general meeting.


In evaluating and selecting any candidate for directorship, the following criteria should be considered:


•     character and integrity;


•     qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge, experience and diversity
      aspects under the Board diversity policy that are relevant to the Company’s business and corporate
      strategy;




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24    19
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     •     any measurable objectives adopted for achieving diversity on the Board;


     •     requirement for the Board to have independent Directors in accordance with the Listing Rules
           and whether the candidate would be considered independent with reference to the independence
           guidelines set out in the Listing Rules;


     •     any potential contributions the candidate can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills,
           experience, independence and gender diversity;


     •     willingness and ability to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a member of the Board and/
           or Board committee(s); and


     •     such other perspectives that are appropriate to the Company’s business and succession plan that
           may be adopted by the Board and/or the Nomination Committee from time to time for nomination
           of Directors and succession planning.


     The Nomination Committee, upon receipt of the proposal on appointment of new Director and the
     biographical information of the candidate, will evaluate such candidate based on the criteria as set out
     above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship and made recommendation to
     the Board to appoint the candidate for directorship.


     Appointment and Re-election of Directors
     According to the bye-laws, at each annual general meeting of the Company one third of the Directors for
     the time being (and if the number of Directors is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest
     to but not less than one third) shall retire by rotation. This complies with the provision B.2.2 of the Code
     which requires all Directors to be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.


     With respect to the re-election of Directors at the annual general meeting, the Nomination Committee
     will review the overall contribution and services to the Company of the retiring Directors and the level of
     participation and performance on the Board to determine whether the retiring Directors would continue
     to meet the criteria as set out above and made recommendation to the Board in respect of the proposed
     re-election of Directors at the general meeting. The relevant information of the retiring Directors together
     with the recommendation of the Board would then be disclosed in the circular accompanying the notice
     of the general meeting and sent to shareholders in accordance with the Listing Rules and applicable
     laws and regulations.


     As a good corporate governance practice, Nomination Committee member is required to abstain
     from assessing his own independence (in case he is an Independent Non-executive Director) and re-
     appointment.




20   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board establishes committees to assist it in carrying out its responsibilities. The Board has appointed
three Board committees i.e. the Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee and Audit Committee to
oversee particular aspects of the Group’s affairs. Each of the committees has defined terms of reference
setting out its duties, powers and function. The committees report regularly to the Board and, where
appropriate, make recommendations on matters discussed.


Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee was established on 24 November 2011. The Committee comprises Mr. Li
Kwok Wai, Frankie, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan and Mr.
Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian, both Independent Non-executive Directors. Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan was appointed
as Chairman of the Nomination Committee. The terms of reference stipulating the authority and duties of
the Nomination Committee conform to the provisions of the Code and are posted on the websites of the
Stock Exchange and the Company.


The Nomination Committee shall meet at least once a year. One meeting was held during the year ended
31 March 2024. All the Nomination Committee members attended the meeting.


The major roles and functions of the Nomination Committee are as follows:


1.    To review the size, structure and composition (including the skill, knowledge, experience and
      diversity of perspective) of the Board.


2.    To identify individuals who are suitably qualified to become Directors.


3.    To assess the independence of the Independent Non-executive Directors.


4.    To make recommendation to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and
      succession planning for Directors.


5.    To review the Director Nomination Policy and Board Diversity Policy as and when necessary and
      monitor its implementation.


Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee was established on 27 May 2005. The Committee comprises Mr. Li Kwok
Wai, Frankie, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian and Mr. Chu
Chi Wai, Allan, both Independent Non-executive Directors. Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian, was appointed
as Chairman of the Remuneration Committee. The written terms of reference stipulating the authority
and duties of the Remuneration Committee conform to the provisions of the Code and are posted on the
websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   21
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     The Remuneration Committee shall meet at least twice a year. During the year, two meetings were held
     and the attendance of each Remuneration Committee member is set out as follows:


                                                                                Number of Meetings Attended/
     Name of Directors                                                                     Entitled to Attend


     Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian                                                                                  2/2
     Mr. Li Kwok Wai, Frankie                                                                                  2/2
     Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan                                                                                    2/2


     The remuneration policy of the Group is to ensure all its employees are remunerated in line with
     market terms and individual performance. At the meetings held during the year, the overall pay trend in
     Hong Kong, Taiwan and Mainland China was noted and the remuneration of the Directors and senior
     management team was reviewed accordingly.


     The major roles and functions of the Remuneration Committee are as follows:


     1.      To review and recommend to the Board the overall remuneration policy for the Directors and senior
             management.


     2.      To review and recommend to the Board for its approval the remuneration of the Directors; and to
             review and approve the remuneration of other senior management; by reference to corporate goals
             and objectives resolved by the Board from time to time.


     3.      To ensure that the level of remuneration for Independent Non-executive Directors are linked to
             their level of responsibilities undertaken and contribution to the effective functioning of the Board.


     4.      To ensure that no Director is involved in deciding his own remuneration.


     Details of the annual remuneration of the members of the senior management by band for the year ended
     31 March 2024 are as follows:


                                                                                          Number of employees


     Below HK$1,000,000                                                                                         17
     HK$1,000,000 to HK$1,500,000                                                                                1
     HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                                1


     Total                                                                                                      19


     Details of the remuneration of each Director for the year ended 31 March 2024 are set out in note 12 to
     the financial statements.




22   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Audit Committee
The Audit Committee of the Company comprises Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian, Professor Lau Kei May and
Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan, all being Independent Non-executive Directors. Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian, was
appointed as Chairman of the Audit Committee. The terms of reference stipulating the authority and
duties of the Audit Committee conform to the provisions of the Code and are posted on the websites of
the Stock Exchange and the Company.

The Audit Committee shall meet at least twice a year. During the year, two meetings were held and the
attendance of each Audit Committee member is set out as follows:

                                                                         Number of Meetings Attended/
Name of Directors                                                                   Entitled to Attend


Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian                                                                               2/2
Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan                                                                                 2/2
Prof. Lau Kei May                                                                                      2/2

During the year, the Audit Committee had performed the following work:

(i)     reviewed the financial reports for the year ended 31 March 2023 and for the six months ended 30
        September 2023;

(ii)    reviewed the effectiveness of the systems of internal control and risk management;

(iii)   reviewed the external auditors’ statutory audit plan and engagement letter;

(iv)    discussed with the Company’s external auditors the internal control of the Group; and

(v)     reviewed and approved the scope and fees of the audit for the year ended 31 March 2024.

The major roles and functions of the Audit Committee are as follows:

1.      To consider the appointment of the external auditors, the audit fees, and any questions of
        resignation or dismissal of the external auditors of the Group.

2.      To discuss with the external auditors the nature and scope of the audit.

3.      To review the interim and annual financial statements before submission to the Board.

4.      To discuss problems and reservations arising from the interim review and final audit, and any
        matters the auditors may wish to discuss.

5.      To review the external auditors’ management letters and management’s response.

6.      To review the Company’s systems of financial controls, internal controls and risk management to
        ensure that they are appropriate and functioning properly.


                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   23
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
     During the year under review, the remuneration paid or payable to the Company’s auditor, Messrs. Deloitte
     Touche Tohmatsu, is set out as follows:

                                                                                                                Fees paid
     Services rendered                                                                                        and payable
                                                                                                                  HK$’000


     Audit services                                                                                                    3,135
     Non audit services*                                                                                               3,271


                                                                                                                       6,406

     *     Included HK$2,500,000 for services provided in relation to a very substantial disposal of the Group, the details of
           which are set out in a circular to the Shareholders dated 28 March 2024.


     Internal Controls and Risk Management
     The Board is responsible for maintaining an adequate internal control and risk management system to
     safeguard shareholders’ investments and the Group’s assets, and reviewing their effectiveness annually
     through the audit committee. The Audit Committee reports to the Board on any material issues and
     makes recommendations to the Board. Procedures have been put in place to safeguard the Group’s
     assets against unauthorised use or disposal, to ensure proper accounting records are kept so that reliable
     financial information can be provided when required, and to ensure compliance with all applicable laws
     and regulations. These procedures have been based on industry norms and are designed to provide
     reasonable assurance and protection against errors, losses and fraud.

     During the year, the Company has appointed a firm of independent internal control consultants to conduct
     regular internal audits of the Group. These are risk-based audits designed to review the effectiveness of
     the companies’ material internal controls so as to provide assurance that key business and operational
     risks are identified and managed, and to ensure that the internal control measures are carried out
     appropriately and are functioning as intended. The independent internal control consultants report
     their findings to the Audit Committee and the Board and make recommendations to optimize the risk
     management and internal control systems of the Group.

     The Group has established a set of risk management policies and measures, which has been codified in its
     policies and adopted by it. Such policies and measures are designed to manage rather than eliminate the
     risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance
     against material misstatement or loss. The ultimate goal of the Group’s risk management policies and
     measures is to bring focus and effort to the issues in its business operations that create impediments
     to the Group’s success. The Group’s risk management process starts with identifying the major risks
     associated with its business, industry and market in the ordinary course of business. Depending on the
     likelihood and potential impacts of the relevant risks exposed to the Group, the management will prioritize
     the risks and will either take immediate mitigating action, devise contingency plan or conduct periodic
     review in accordance with the contingency plan. The Management is responsible for identifying and
     analysing the risks associated with their respective function, preparing risk mitigation plans, measuring
     effectiveness of such risk mitigation plans and reporting status of risk management. A risk management
     committee has been set up which is responsible for advising on risk management matters, while the Audit
     Committee and ultimately the Board will supervise the implementation of the Group’s risk management
     policies and measures.


24   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The importance of internal controls and risk management is communicated to staff members in order
to foster an environment in which internal controls are understood and respected within the Group. The
Company also has a formal written whistle-blowing policy to enable staff members to communicate their
concerns about any aspect of internal operations.


During the year, the Board has reviewed the effectiveness of the systems of internal control and
risk management of the Group. The Board is of the view that the system of internal controls and risk
management in place for the year under review is sound and sufficient to safeguard the interests of
shareholders, customers and employees, as well as the Group’s assets. The Board has also reviewed the
adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of staff of the Group’s accounting, internal audit and
financial reporting functions, and their training programmes and budget during the year and considered
that the Group had adequate staff resources with the competence, qualifications and experience necessary
for the effective performance of its accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions.


In relation to the handling and dissemination of inside information in accordance with the Listing Rules
and the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), the Group has adopted
measures including raising awareness of confidentiality in the Group, issuing notices regarding “black-out”
period and restrictions on dealings to Directors and employees on a regular basis to ensure compliance
when handling and disclosing inside information.


ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
The Directors are responsible for overseeing the preparation of accounts of each financial period, which
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and of the results and cash flow for that
period. In preparing the accounts for the year ended 31 March 2024, the Directors have selected suitable
accounting policies and have applied them consistently, adopted appropriate Hong Kong Financial
Reporting Standards and Hong Kong Accounting Standards which are pertinent to its operations and
relevant to the financial statements, made judgments and estimates that are prudent and reasonable, and
have prepared the accounts on the going concern basis. The statement of the external auditor about its
reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements is set out in the independent auditor’s
report on pages 39 to 43 of this Annual Report.

DIVIDEND POLICY
The Board has the discretion to declare and distribute dividends to the shareholders of the Company,
subject to the memorandum of association and bye-laws of the Company and all applicable laws and
regulations. In recommending or declaring dividends, the Company shall maintain adequate cash reserves
for meeting its working capital requirements and future growth as well as its shareholders value. The
Company has no fixed dividend pay-out ratio. The Board considers that, in general, the amount of
dividends to be declared will depend on general economic conditions as well as the Group’s actual and
expected financial performance, retained profits and distributable reserves, cash flow, working capital
requirements, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion plans, liquidity position, and other
factors as may be considered relevant at such time by the Board.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   25
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
     The Company establishes and maintains different communication channels with its shareholders through
     the publication of annual and interim reports and press announcements. As a channel of further promoting
     effective communication, the Company’s website is maintained to disseminate the relevant financial and
     non-financial information on a timely basis.


     The annual general meeting provides a useful forum for shareholders to exchange views with the Board.
     Except for Mr. Chen Shuang, a then Non-executive Director, who was not able to the Company’s 2023
     annual general meeting due to other commitments, all the other Directors attended the Company’s 2023
     annual general meeting and were available to answer shareholders’ questions.


     At the Company’s 2023 annual general meeting, all votings were conducted by poll in accordance with
     the requirements of the Listing Rules.


     Shareholders holding not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company shall have the
     right, by written requisition to the Head Office of the Company for the attention of the Board or the
     Company Secretary, to require a special general meeting of the Company to be called by the Board for
     the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two
     months after such requisition. Shareholders may also send written enquiries to the Company for putting
     forward any enquiries or proposals to the Head Office of the Company for the attention of the Board or
     the Company Secretary.


     A Shareholders Communication Policy has been posted on the Company’s website (www.yeebo.com.hk).


     Where shareholders have any enquiry and/or proposals putting forward at shareholders’ meeting, they
     may send them by mail to the Company Secretary at the Company’s Head Office or via email to ir@
     yeebo.com.hk.


     The Board has reviewed its prevailing shareholders’ communication policy during the year and believes
     that, in light of the multiple channels of communication and engagement in place as stated above, the
     current shareholders’ communication policy of the Company has been properly implemented during the
     year ended 31 March 2024.




26   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION AND BYE-LAWS
Pursuant to the Consultation Conclusions on Listing Regime for Overseas Issuers published by the
Stock Exchange in November 2021, the Stock Exchange has revised the core shareholder protection
standards under Appendix A1 to the Listing Rules with effect from 1 January 2022. Accordingly, a special
resolution for the purpose of amending the Company’s bye-laws in order to (i) bring the bye-laws in line
with the relevant requirements of the Listing Rules as well as the applicable laws of Bermuda; (ii) allow
general meetings of the Company to be held in the form of a hybrid meeting or electronic meeting where
shareholders may attend by electronic means in addition to a physical meeting where shareholders attend
in person; (iii) provide flexibility to the Company in relation to the conduct of general meetings; and (iv)
make other housekeeping and consequential amendments to the bye-laws, including making consequential
amendments in connection with the above proposed amendments and for clarity and consistency with
other provisions of the bye-laws where it is considered desirable and to better align the wording with
those of the Listing Rules and the applicable laws of Bermuda was approved by the shareholders at the
Company’s annual general meeting held on 21 September 2023.


With effect from 11 June 2024, the Listing Rules have been amended to the effect that, among others,
the requirements to cancel repurchased shares has been removed such that listed issuers may hold the
repurchased shares in treasury subject to the laws of their places of incorporation and their constitutional
documents, and a framework in the Listing Rules to govern the resale of treasury shares has been
adopted. The existing memorandum (the “Existing Memorandum”) and bye-laws of the Company currently
do not authorise the Company to hold any share purchased or acquired by the Company as treasury
shares. A special resolution is proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company for
the purpose of altering the Existing Memorandum to, inter alia, authorise the Company to, subject to and
in accordance with the Bermuda Companies Act, the Listing Rules, and such other laws and regulations
as may from time to time be applicable, hold any share purchased or acquired by the Company as
treasury shares. The Directors consider that such amendments provide greater flexibility to the Company
in repurchasing and reselling shares, thereby allowing the Company an additional channel to manage its
capital structure. If the proposed resolution is approved and adopted, the Company may cancel shares
repurchased or hold them as treasury shares, subject to market conditions and the Group’s capital
management needs at the relevant time of the repurchases.


The existing Company’s memorandum of association and bye-laws is available on the Company’s website
and the Stock Exchange’s website.

COMPANY SECRETARY
Mr. Lau Siu Ki, Kevin of Hin Yan Consultants Limited, external service provider, has been engaged by
the Company as the Company Secretary. The primary contact person at the Company, whom Mr. Lau
contacts, is Mr. Leung Tze Kuen, Executive Director.


During the year ended 31 March 2024, Mr Lau has taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional
training to update his skills and knowledge.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24    27
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     The directors present their annual report and the audited consolidated financial statements for the year
     ended 31 March 2024.


     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     The Company is an investment holding company. The activities of its principal subsidiaries and associates
     are set out in notes 42 and 19, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements.


     BUSINESS REVIEW
     A fair review of the Group’s business and the analysis of the Group’s performance for the year ended 31
     March 2024 as well as outlook/prospects of the Group’s business are provided in the sections “Chairman’s
     Statement” on pages 7 to 8 and “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 9 to 15 of this Annual
     Report.


     RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS
     The results of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2024 are set out in the consolidated statement of
     profit or loss and other comprehensive income on pages 44 to 45.


     The Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK5.0 cents per ordinary share to the
     shareholders on the register of members on Tuesday, 27 August 2024, amounting to approximately
     HK$47,141,000, and the retention of the remaining profit. The proposed final dividend has to be approved
     in the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to be held on Friday, 16 August 2024.


     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     During the year, the Group acquired property, plant and equipment at a cost of approximately
     HK$45,381,000. Details of this and other movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group
     during the year are set out in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.

     SHARE CAPITAL
     Details of the movements in the share capital of the Company during the year ended 31 March 2024 are
     set out in note 32 to the consolidated financial statements.




28   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Group are set out in the consolidated statement of changes
in equity on pages 48 to 50.


The Company’s reserve available for distribution to shareholders as at 31 March 2024 were as follows:


                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000


Contributed surplus                                                               49,259            49,259
Retained profits                                                                 138,211           101,417


                                                                                 187,470           150,676


Under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended), the contributed surplus account of the
Company is available for distribution. However, the Company cannot declare to pay a dividend, or make
a distribution out of contribution surplus if:


(a)   it is or would after the payment be unable to pay its liabilities as they become due; or


(b)   the realisable value of its assets would thereby be less than the aggregate of its liabilities and its
      issued share capital and share premium accounts.


DIRECTORS
The directors of the Company at the date of this report were:

Executive directors:
Mr. Fang Yan Tak, Douglas
Mr. Li Kwok Wai, Frankie
Mr. Leung Tze Kuen


Independent non-executive directors:
Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan
Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian
Prof. Lau Kei May


In addition, Mr. Chen Shuang, JP served as a Non-executive Director until he retired on 21 September
2023.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24    29
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     In accordance with Clause 86 and 87 of the Company’s bye-laws, Mr. Leung Tze Kuen and Prof. Lau
     Kei May will retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company and, being eligible, offer
     themselves for re-election at such meeting.


     The directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting do not have a service
     contract which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation, other
     than statutory compensation.


     The Company has received annual confirmation of independence from the three independent non-
     executive directors in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the
     Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) and considers them to be independent.


     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Biographical details of the directors and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages 3 to
     6 of this Annual Report.


     INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES IN SECURITIES
     At 31 March 2024, the interests and short positions of the directors and chief executives and their
     associates in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company and its associated corporations
     (within the meaning of part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)), as recorded in the
     register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the
     Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to the Model
     Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) were as follows:


     (A)   Long position in the shares of the Company


                                                                 Number of shares and
                                                                  nature of interests
                                                                                                 Percentage
                                                                                              of Company’s
                                                                  Personal                    issued capital
                                                                  interests           Total         (Note(i))


           Mr. Li Kwok Wai, Frankie                            108,504,000     108,504,000           11.35%
           Mr. Leung Tze Kuen (Note (ii))                        3,200,000       3,200,000            0.33%




30   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT



(B)   Long position in the shares of associated corporations of the Company
      (1)    Antrix Investment Limited (“Antrix”) (Note(iii))
                                               Number of shares and nature of interests
                                                                                                       Percentage of
                                                                     Through                                 issued
                                                   Personal        controlled                              capital of
                                                   interests     corporations                 Total           Antrix


             Mr. Li Kwok Wai, Frankie                       –       17,351,735         17,351,735               33.33%

      (2)    Fang Brothers Holdings Limited (“Fang Brothers”) (Note(iv))
                                               Number of shares and nature of interests
                                                                                                    Percentage of
                                                                                                           issued
                                                   Personal             Spouse                          capital of
                                                   interests          interests               Total Fang Brothers


             Mr. Fang Yan Tak,
              Douglas                            16,000,000                    –       16,000,000               20.00%

             Notes:

             (i)      Based on the total number of issued shares of the Company as at 31 March 2024 of 956,174,000
                      (which included 10,554,000 repurchased by the Company but had not been cancelled as at 31 March
                      2024).

             (ii)     The 3,200,000 shares included 90,000 shares granted under the share award scheme of the Company
                      and vested on 3 April 2024.

             (iii)    As at 31 March 2024, Antrix held 570,000,000 shares of the Company.

             (iv)     As at 31 March 2024, Fang Brothers beneficially owned 66.67% of the issued share capital of Antrix.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2024, none of the directors, the chief executive or their
associates had any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the
Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded
in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified
to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                  Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24            31
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     At no time during the year was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to
     enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or
     debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS
     No contracts of significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a
     director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the
     year or at any time during the year.


     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
     Subject to the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), every director is entitled
     under the Company’s memorandum of association and bye-laws to be indemnified and secured harmless
     out of the assets and profits of the Company against all costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses
     which he or she may sustain or incur in or about the execution or discharge of his or her duties. To the
     extent permitted by such Ordinance, the Company has taken out insurance against the liability and costs
     associated with defending any proceedings which may be brought against directors of companies in the
     Group.


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
     As at 31 March 2024, none of the directors of the Company or any of Company’s subsidiaries, or their
     respective associates had interests in businesses, other than being a director of the Company and/or its
     subsidiaries and their respective associates, which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or
     indirectly, with the businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries as required to be disclosed pursuant
     to the Listing Rules.


     REMUNERATION FOR DIRECTORS
     In compliance with the Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules, the Company has established
     a remuneration committee to formulate remuneration policies. Directors’ remuneration are subject to
     shareholders’ approval at general meetings. Other emoluments are determined by the Board with reference
     to directors’ duties and responsibilities, the recommendations of the remuneration committee and the
     performance and results of the Group. Details of the remuneration of the directors are set out in note 12
     to the consolidated financial statements.


     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     Details of related party transactions undertaken in the normal course of business of the Group are set out
     in note 40 to the consolidated financial statements. None of these related party transactions constitutes
     a connected transaction as defined under the Listing Rules that is required to be disclosed.


     The Company has complied with disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing
     Rules for the year ended 31 March 2024.




32   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT



SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
As at 31 March 2024, the register of substantial shareholders maintained by the Company pursuant to
Section 336 of the SFO shows that the following shareholders had notified the Company of relevant
interests and short positions in the issued share capital of the Company:


Long position in the shares of the Company


                                                                                                            % of the
                                                                                                        Company’s
                                                                                                             issued
                                               Capacity and                           Number of        share capital
                                               nature of interest                    shares held           (Note (i))


Antrix (Note (ii))                             Directly beneficially owned           570,000,000              59.61%
Esca Investment Limited (Note (ii))            Indirectly beneficially owned         570,000,000              59.61%
Fang Brothers (Note (ii))                      Indirectly beneficially owned         570,000,000              59.61%

Notes:

(i)      Based on the total number of issued shares of the Company as at 31 March 2024 of 956,174,000 (which included
         10,554,000 repurchased by the Company but had not been cancelled as at 31 March 2024).

(ii)     As at 31 March 2024, Antrix was held as to 66.67% by Esca Investment Limited (a company wholly-owned by Fang
         Brothers in which none of its shareholders holds more than 20% of its issued capital). The shares held by Esca
         Investment Limited and Fang Brothers represent the same interest held by Antrix.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2024, the Company was not notified by any persons who had
interests or short positions of 5% or more in the shares and underlying shares of the Company which is
required to be recorded under Section 336 of the SFO.


EMOLUMENT POLICY
The emolument policy of the employees of the Group is reviewed regularly by the board of directors.
Remuneration packages are structured to take into account the merit, qualifications and competence of
individual employees as well as the general market conditions.




                                                   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24         33
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     SHARE AWARD SCHEME
     The purpose of the Scheme is to recognise and motivate the contribution of certain qualifying persons
     and to provide incentives and help the Company in retaining and recruiting qualifying persons for the
     continual operation and development of the Group, and to provide them with a direct economic interest
     in attaining the long-term business objectives of the Company;


     The participants of the Scheme include any employee (whether full-time, part-time or on contractual basis)
     of any member of the Group (including without limitation any executive and non-executive director of any
     member of the Group) as well as any person who is engaged by any member of the Group in the position
     as a consultant or otherwise to provide service(s) to the Group;


     The maximum number of Shares which may be granted under the Scheme is 101,115,517 Shares,
     representing 10% of the issued Shares as at 24 October 2012, the date of adoption of the Scheme;


     The maximum entitlement of each participant under the Scheme is 10,111,551 Shares, representing 1%
     of the issued Shares as at the date of adoption of the Scheme;


     Under the rules of the Scheme, the Shares granted to each participant will be vested in batches from
     the sixth to tenth year of the respective grant, provided that all the grant Shares shall be deemed to be
     vested on the date of the grantee attains the normal retirement age or the date of death of the grantee;


     No purchase price is payable by the grantees for Shares awarded under the Scheme and the Shares
     to be granted are subject to acceptance by the grantees within a reasonable time as stipulated in the
     respective grant letter;


     The Shares to be granted under the Scheme will be purchased by the trustee of the Scheme from the
     open market out of cash contributed by the Company;


     The Scheme will expire on 23 October 2027 unless the Board determines to terminate the Scheme sooner
     by a 3 months’ prior notice provided that the early termination shall not affect any subsisting rights of any
     participant of the Scheme.




34   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT



Details of movements in the Scheme during the year ended 31 March 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                                           Weighted
                                                                                                                            Average
                                                                                                                      Closing Price
                                                                                                                      of the Shares
                                                                                                                        Immediately                            Unvested
                                         Unvested                                                                         before the                             Awards
                                           Awards                                   Awards      Awards               Date of Vesting     Awards       Awards Outstanding
Name or                                Outstanding                                 Granted       Vested                 (For Awards    Cancelled       Lapsed       as at
Category                                       as at                                 During      During    Purchase Vested During      During the   During the 31 March
of Grantees              Date of Grant 1 April 2023    Vesting Period              the Year    the Year        Price       The Year)        Year         Year       2024

Leung Tze Kuen           27 Dec 2013         64,000    1 Apr 2019 to 31 Mar 2024          –      64,000         n/a             2.84           –           –            –
  (Executive Director)   25 Aug 2014        128,000    1 Apr 2020 to 31 Mar 2025          –     128,000         n/a             2.84           –           –            –
                         25 Sep 2015        120,000    1 Apr 2021 to 31 Mar 2026          –     120,000         n/a             2.84           –           –            –
                         27 Sep 2016        200,000    1 Apr 2022 to 31 Mar 2027          –     200,000         n/a             2.84           –           –            –
                         29 Aug 2017        150,000    1 Apr 2023 to 31 Mar 2028          –     150,000         n/a             2.84           –           –            –
                         10 Dec 2018        620,000    1 Apr 2024 to 31 Mar 2029          –     620,000         n/a             2.84           –           –            –
                         03 Dec 2019        600,000    1 Apr 2025 to 31 Mar 2030          –     600,000         n/a             2.84           –           –            –
                         18 Apr 2023              –    1 Apr 2026 to 31 Mar 2031    300,000     300,000         n/a             2.84           –           –            –
                         18 Apr 2023              –    1 Apr 2027 to 31 Mar 2032    200,000     200,000         n/a             2.84           –           –            –
                         18 Apr 2023              –    1 Apr 2028 to 31 Mar 2033    150,000     150,000         n/a             2.84           –           –            –
                         31 Mar 2024              –    1 Apr 2029 to 31 Mar 2034     90,000           –           –                –           –           –       90,000

Sub-total                                  1,882,000                                740,000    2,532,000                                       –           –       90,000

Five highest paid        16 Aug 2013              –    1 Apr 2019 to 31 Mar 2024          –           –           –                –           –           –            –
  employees (Note)       25 Aug 2014              –    1 Apr 2020 to 31 Mar 2025          –           –           –                –           –           –            –
                         25 Sep 2015              –    1 Apr 2021 to 31 Mar 2026          –           –           –                –           –           –            –
                         27 Sep 2016              –    1 Apr 2022 to 31 Mar 2027          –           –           –                –           –           –            –
                         29 Aug 2017              –    1 Apr 2023 to 31 Mar 2028          –           –           –                –           –           –            –
                         29 Oct 2018              –    1 Apr 2024 to 31 Mar 2029          –           –           –                –           –           –            –
                         03 Dec 2019              –    1 Apr 2025 to 31 Mar 2030          –           –           –                –           –           –            –
                         18 Apr 2023              –    1 Apr 2026 to 31 Mar 2031          –           –           –                –           –           –            –
                         18 Apr 2023              –    1 Apr 2027 to 31 Mar 2032          –           –           –                –           –           –            –
                         18 Apr 2023              –    1 Apr 2028 to 31 Mar 2033          –           –           –                –           –           –            –
                         31 Mar 2024              –    1 Apr 2029 to 31 Mar 2034          –           –           –                –           –           –            –

Sub-total                                         –                                       –           –                                        –           –            –

Other Employees          16 Aug 2013         208,000   1 Apr 2019 to 31 Mar 2024           –    208,000         n/a             2.84           –           –             –
                         25 Aug 2014         429,600   1 Apr 2020 to 31 Mar 2025           –    250,800         n/a             2.84           –           –       178,800
                         25 Sep 2015         462,000   1 Apr 2021 to 31 Mar 2026           –    194,000         n/a             2.84           –           –       268,000
                         27 Sep 2016         728,000   1 Apr 2022 to 31 Mar 2027           –    230,000         n/a             2.84           –           –       498,000
                         29 Aug 2017         920,000   1 Apr 2023 to 31 Mar 2028           –    232,000         n/a             2.84           –           –       688,000
                         29 Oct 2018       1,240,000   1 Apr 2024 to 31 Mar 2029           –     60,000         n/a             2.84           –           –     1,180,000
                         03 Dec 2019       1,960,000   1 Apr 2025 to 31 Mar 2030           –     80,000         n/a             2.84           –           –     1,880,000
                         18 Apr 2023               –   1 Apr 2026 to 31 Mar 2031     240,000     30,000         n/a             2.84           –           –       210,000
                         18 Apr 2023               –   1 Apr 2027 to 31 Mar 2032     250,000     30,000         n/a             2.84           –           –       220,000
                         18 Apr 2023               –   1 Apr 2028 to 31 Mar 2033   1,340,000    210,000         n/a             2.84           –           –     1,130,000
                         31 Mar 2024               –   1 Apr 2029 to 31 Mar 2034   1,270,000          –           –                –           –           –     1,270,000

Sub-total                                  5,947,600                               3,100,000   1,524,800                                       –           –     7,522,800

Grand Total                                7,829,600                               3,840,000   4,056,800                                       –           –     7,612,800

Note:         The five highest paid individuals included two executive Directors and three non-Director employees of the Group.
              The movements in this section only include the Shares granted to non-Director employees. Other than Mr. Leung Tze
              Kuen, no Shares have been granted to any other Directors under the Scheme.




                                                                           Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24                                    35
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     Details of movements in the Scheme during the year ended 31 March 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                                                               Weighted
                                                                                                                                Average
                                                                                                                          Closing Price
                                                                                                                          of the Shares
                                                                                                                            Immediately                            Unvested
                                              Unvested                                                                        before the                             Awards
                                                Awards                                   Awards     Awards               Date of Vesting     Awards       Awards Outstanding
     Name or                                Outstanding                                 Granted      Vested                 (For Awards    Cancelled       Lapsed       as at
     Category                                       as at                                 During     During    Purchase Vested During      During the   During the 31 March
     of Grantees              Date of Grant 1 April 2022    Vesting Period              the Year   the Year        Price       The Year)        Year         Year       2023

     Leung Tze Kuen           27 Dec 2013        128,000    1 Apr 2019 to 31 Mar 2024         –      64,000         n/a             3.23           –           –       64,000
       (Executive Director)   25 Aug 2014        192,000    1 Apr 2020 to 31 Mar 2025         –      64,000         n/a             3.23           –           –      128,000
                              25 Sep 2015        160,000    1 Apr 2021 to 31 Mar 2026         –      40,000         n/a             3.23           –           –      120,000
                              27 Sep 2016        250,000    1 Apr 2022 to 31 Mar 2027         –      50,000         n/a             3.23           –           –      200,000
                              29 Aug 2017        150,000    1 Apr 2023 to 31 Mar 2028         –           –           –                –           –           –      150,000
                              10 Dec 2018        620,000    1 Apr 2024 to 31 Mar 2029         –           –           –                –           –           –      620,000
                              03 Dec 2019        600,000    1 Apr 2025 to 31 Mar 2030         –           –           –                –           –           –      600,000

     Sub-total                                  2,100,000                                     –     218,000                                        –           –     1,882,000

     Five highest paid        16 Aug 2013              –    1 Apr 2019 to 31 Mar 2024         –           –           –                –           –           –            –
       employees (Note)       25 Aug 2014              –    1 Apr 2020 to 31 Mar 2025         –           –           –                –           –           –            –
                              25 Sep 2015              –    1 Apr 2021 to 31 Mar 2026         –           –           –                –           –           –            –
                              27 Sep 2016              –    1 Apr 2022 to 31 Mar 2027         –           –           –                –           –           –            –
                              29 Aug 2017              –    1 Apr 2023 to 31 Mar 2028         –           –           –                –           –           –            –
                              29 Oct 2018              –    1 Apr 2024 to 31 Mar 2029         –           –           –                –           –           –            –
                              03 Dec 2019              –    1 Apr 2025 to 31 Mar 2030         –           –           –                –           –           –            –

     Sub-total                                         –                                      –           –                                        –           –            –

     Other Employees          16 Aug 2013         456,000   1 Apr 2019 to 31 Mar 2024         –     228,000         n/a             3.23      20,000           –       208,000
                              25 Aug 2014         740,400   1 Apr 2020 to 31 Mar 2025         –     246,800         n/a             3.23      64,000           –       429,600
                              25 Sep 2015         686,400   1 Apr 2021 to 31 Mar 2026         –     171,600         n/a             3.23      52,800           –       462,000
                              27 Sep 2016         970,000   1 Apr 2022 to 31 Mar 2027         –     194,000         n/a             3.23      48,000           –       728,000
                              29 Aug 2017         980,000   1 Apr 2023 to 31 Mar 2028         –           –           –                –      60,000           –       920,000
                              29 Oct 2018       1,300,000   1 Apr 2024 to 31 Mar 2029         –           –           –                –      60,000           –     1,240,000
                              03 Dec 2019       2,060,000   1 Apr 2025 to 31 Mar 2030         –           –           –                –     100,000           –     1,960,000

     Sub-total                                  7,192,800                                     –     840,400                                  404,800           –     5,947,600


     Grand Total                                9,292,800                                     –    1,058,400                                 404,800           –     7,829,600


     Note:         The five highest paid individuals included two executive Directors and three non-Director employees of the Group.
                   The movements in this section only include the Shares granted to non-Director employees. Other than Mr. Leung Tze
                   Kuen, no Shares have been granted to any other Directors under the Scheme.




36   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws, or the laws of Bermuda,
which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION OF HOLDERS OF LISTED SECURITIES
The Company is not aware of any tax relief or exemption available to the shareholders of the Company
by reason of their holding of the Company’s securities.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED
SECURITIES
The Company repurchased 28,306,000 shares on the Stock Exchange during the year ended 31 March
2024. Details of which are follows:


                                           Number of
                                              shares            Highest           Lowest            Total
Month of repurchase                      repurchased          price paid       price paid     amount paid
                                                                  (HK$)            (HK$)           (HK$)


April 2023                                   2,174,000              2.92              2.82       6,256,880
June 2023                                    1,830,000              2.89              2.84       5,259,980
July 2023                                    4,454,000              2.97              2.82      12,915,800
August 2023                                  5,108,000              3.00              2.89      15,084,480
September 2023                               1,546,000              2.94              2.80       4,444,760
October 2023                                 2,640,000              2.88              2.80       7,551,980
November 2023                                  300,000              2.84              2.79         848,200
December 2023                                3,638,000              2.81              2.75      10,117,800
January 2024                                 2,496,000              2.97              2.75       7,136,840
March 2024                                   4,120,000              3.50              3.34      14,195,860


Total                                       28,306,000                                          83,812,580


The Board is of the view that the trading price of the shares of the Company did not reflect their intrinsic
value, and the above repurchase and subsequent cancellation of Company’s shares could increase the
value of the Company’s shares and lead to an increase in the return to Shareholders. In addition, the
Board believes that the repurchases reflected the Company’s confidence in its long-term business prospect
and were conducted in the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


Save as disclosed above, no repurchase has been made by the Company or any of its subsidiaries on
the Stock Exchange of any listed securities of the Company during the year.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24    37
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     Details of the Group’s corporate governance practices are set out in the Corporate Governance Report
     on pages 16 to 27 of this Annual Report.


     The Company had adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code of
     conduct regarding securities transactions by the directors. Having made specific enquiry of the directors,
     the Board is not aware of any non-compliance with the required standard set out in the Model Code.


     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     The Company has maintained a sufficient public float throughout the year ended 31 March 2024.


     AUDIT COMMITTEE
     The Audit Committee comprises Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian, Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan, and Prof. Lau Kei
     May, all being Independent Non-executive Directors. The Audit Committee has reviewed with management
     the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group and discussed auditing, internal control
     and financial reporting matters, including the review of the financial statements of the Group for the year
     ended 31 March 2024.


     AUDITOR
     A resolution will be submitted to the annual general meeting to re-appoint Messrs. Deloitte Touche
     Tohmatsu as auditor of the Company.


     On behalf of the Board




     Li Kwok Wai, Frankie
     Chief Executive Officer

     Hong Kong
     28 June 2024




38   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE MEMBERS OF YEEBO (INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS) LIMITED
億都（國際控股）有限公司
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 44 to 137, which
comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March 2024, and the consolidated
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity
and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position of the Group as at 31 March 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and
its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”)
and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities
for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the
Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and
we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   39
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
     our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in
     the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
     thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


     Key audit matter                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter
     Valuation of trade receivables


     We identified valuation of trade receivables            Our procedures in relation to valuation of trade
     as a key audit matter due to the involvement            receivables included:
     of management’s estimates in evaluating the
     allowance of credit losses of the Group’s trade         •     Understanding the key process on how
     receivables at the end of the reporting period.               the management of the Group estimates
                                                                   the allowance of credit losses of trade
     As at 31 March 2024, the Group’s carrying amount              receivables;
     of trade receivables is HK$162,648,000 (net of
     allowance for credit losses of HK$7,473,000) and        •     Evaluating management’s basis in
     out of these trade receivables of HK$48,218,000               determining credit loss allowance on trade
     were past due.                                                receivables as at 31 March 2024, including
                                                                   their basis of identification of credit-impaired
     As disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated financial          trade receivables, the reasonableness of
     statements, the management of the Group estimates             management’s grouping of the trade debtors
     the amount of lifetime ECL of trade receivables               into different credit risk categories in the
     based on individual assessment for those debtors              collective assessment basis, and the basis
     with significant balances and credit-impaired and/            of estimated loss rates applied in each
     or collective assessment through grouping of                  category in the collective assessment basis
     various debtors that have similar loss patterns,              (with reference to historical default rates and
     after considering ageing, repayment history and/or            forward-looking information);
     past due status of the respective trade receivables.
     Estimated loss rates are based on historical            •     Testing the accuracy of ageing category
     observed default rates over the expected life of the          of trade receivables ageing analysis as at
     debtors and forward-looking information.                      31 March 2024 to develop the collective
                                                                   assessment basis, on a sample basis, by
     As disclosed in note 34 to the consolidated financial         comparing individual items in the ageing
     statements, the Group reversed of net allowance of            analysis with the relevant supporting
     credit losses on trade receivables of HK$6,127,000            documents including sales invoices and
     for the year ended 31 March 2024.                             delivery documents; and


                                                             •     Recalculating the expected credit loss
                                                                   allowance recognised by the management
                                                                   at 31 March 2024 and comparing with the
                                                                   recorded balance.




40   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements
and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to
be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in
this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements
that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or
to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   41
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



     A U D I T O R’S R E S P O N S I B I L I T I E S F O R T H E                   AUDIT         OF      THE
     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
     as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
     report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Bermuda
     Companies Act, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability
     to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
     but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material
     misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
     individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions
     of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
     professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


     •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
           whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
           obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
           of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
           error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
           override of internal control.


     •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
           that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
           effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


     •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
           estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.


     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
           and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
           or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
           If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
           report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures
           are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
           up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group
           to cease to continue as a going concern.




42   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



A U D I T O R’S R E S P O N S I B I L I T I E S F O R T H E A U D I T                      OF      THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
      including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
      underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
      business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
      We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain
      solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions
taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and
are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Wan Wai Nga.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong


28 June 2024




                                            Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   43
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     For the year ended 31 March 2024




                                                                                 2024         2023
                                                                      NOTES   HK$’000       HK$’000


     Revenue                                                          5&6      936,607     1,325,806
     Cost of sales                                                            (792,696)   (1,102,514)


     Gross profit                                                             143,911       223,292
     Other income                                                       7      23,690        31,851
     Other gains and losses                                             8       9,194       (13,328)
     (Loss) gain on derecognition of debt investments at
       amortised cost                                                  20       (3,407)       8,720
     Reversal of (allowances on) credit losses, net
       – trade receivables                                                      6,127         1,735
       – debt investments at amortised cost                                   (14,333)      (56,584)
     Selling and distribution expenses                                        (78,206)      (98,019)
     Administrative expenses                                                  (36,182)      (39,355)
     Finance costs                                                     9       (1,152)         (943)
     Gain on disposal of equity interests of an associate              19           –       241,503
     (Loss) gain on deemed disposal of associates                      19      (2,055)      195,586
     Share of results of associates                                    19     151,886       242,572


     Profit before income tax                                                 199,473       737,030
     Income tax expense                                                10     (12,696)      (75,786)


     Profit for the year                                               11     186,777       661,244


     Other comprehensive (expense) income
     Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
     Share of other comprehensive expense of associates,
        net of related income tax                                      19       (7,578)       (4,272)


     Items that may be reclassified subsequently
        to profit or loss:
     Exchange differences arising on the translation
        of foreign operations:
        Subsidiaries                                                           (30,256)     (42,132)
        Associates                                                            (109,382)    (137,307)


     Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve
      upon disposal of equity interests of an associate                              –        1,424


     Total comprehensive income for the year                                   39,561       478,957




44   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                     For the year ended 31 March 2024




                                                                                2024             2023
                                                              NOTE           HK$’000           HK$’000


Profit for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                       176,764          615,109
  Non-controlling interests                                                    10,013           46,135


                                                                              186,777          661,244


Total comprehensive income attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                        32,901          433,919
  Non-controlling interests                                                     6,660           45,038


                                                                               39,561          478,957


                                                                            HK cents          HK cents
Earnings per share
  – basic                                                       15                18.7             63.6


  – diluted                                                     15                18.6             63.2




                                          Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   45
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     As at 31 March 2024




                                                                                    2024       2023
                                                                        NOTES    HK$’000     HK$’000


     Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                                      16      208,990      215,851
      Right-of-use assets                                                17        3,819       16,430
      Investment properties                                              18          573          774
      Interests in associates                                            19      335,770    2,061,371
      Debt investments at amortised cost                                 20       17,608       32,878
      Intangible assets                                                  21        1,459        1,459
      Other receivables and prepayments                                  23        3,711        4,892
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
        (“FVTPL”)                                                        25      136,632           –


                                                                                 708,562    2,333,655


     Current assets
      Inventories                                                        22      137,600     184,683
      Trade and other receivables                                        23      199,546     295,419
      Cash and cash equivalents                                          24      152,867     300,313


                                                                                  490,013    780,415
       Assets classified as held for sale                                26     1,708,365          –


                                                                                2,198,378    780,415


     Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                           27      226,130     271,437
      Contract liabilities                                               28       26,633      39,303
      Derivative financial instruments                                                 –       3,262
      Tax payable                                                                 13,214      13,903
      Bank borrowings                                                    29       31,735       4,284
      Lease liabilities                                                  30        2,562       4,750


                                                                                 300,274     336,939
       Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale    26       82,710           –


                                                                                 382,984     336,939




46   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                   As at 31 March 2024




                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                              NOTES           HK$’000           HK$’000


Net current assets                                                           1,815,394          443,476


Total assets less current liabilities                                        2,523,956        2,777,131


Non-current liabilities
 Deferred tax liabilities                                        31             21,301          106,327
 Lease liabilities                                               30              1,361           11,947


                                                                                22,662          118,274


                                                                             2,501,294        2,658,857


Capital and reserves
 Share capital                                                   32            191,235          195,236
 Reserves                                                                    2,213,562        2,356,549


Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                 2,404,797        2,551,785
Non-controlling interests                                                       96,497          107,072


Total equity                                                                 2,501,294        2,658,857


The consolidated financial statements on pages 44 to 137 were approved and authorised for issue by the
Board of Directors on 28 June 2024 and are signed on its behalf by:




               Fang Yan Tak, Douglas                              Li Kwok Wai, Frankie
                    DIRECTOR                                           DIRECTOR




                                           Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   47
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the year ended 31 March 2024




                                                                                      Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                   Shares
                                                                                                                  held for        PRC
                                                                Capital     Capital                    Share        share     statutory       Other                                  Non-
                                            Share      Share   reserve redemption Translation          award        award      reserve     reserve      Retained                controlling
                                           capital   premium    (note i)   reserve       reserve      reserve     scheme       (note ii)   (note iii)     profits      Total     interests       Total
                                          HK$’000    HK$’000   HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000


     At 1 April 2022                      198,616    110,750     2,125      11,444       192,898      11,682      (27,712)     17,923        (4,404) 1,910,935 2,424,257           67,707 2,491,964


     Profit for the year                        –          –          –          –             –            –           –             –            –    615,109     615,109        46,135     661,244
     Other comprehensive (expense)
       income for the year
       Share of other comprehensive
          (expense) income of
         associates, net of related
         income tax                             –          –          –          –             –            –           –             –      (4,404)           –      (4,404)          132      (4,272)
       Exchange differences arising
         on the translation of foreign
         operations                             –          –          –          –      (178,210)           –           –             –            –           –    (178,210)       (1,229) (179,439)
       Reclassification of cumulative
         translation reserve upon
         disposal of equity interest of
         an associate                           –          –          –          –         1,424            –           –             –            –           –       1,424             –       1,424


     Total comprehensive (expense)
       income for the year                      –          –          –          –      (176,786)           –           –             –      (4,404)    615,109     433,919        45,038     478,957


     Repurchase and cancellation of
       ordinary shares (note 32)           (3,380)         –          –      3,831             –            –           –             –        (451)     (57,745)    (57,745)            –     (57,745)
     Shares purchased for share
       award scheme                             –          –          –          –             –            –      (9,170)            –            –           –      (9,170)            –      (9,170)
     Recognition of equity-settled
       share-based payment
       expenses under share
       award scheme (note 37)                   –          –          –          –             –        1,538           –             –            –           –       1,538             –       1,538
     Shares vested under share
       award scheme (note 37)                   –          –          –          –             –       (1,776)      3,408             –            –      (1,632)          –             –           –
     Transfer of reserves                       –          –          –          –             –            –           –        5,083             –      (5,083)          –             –           –
     Dividend to non-controlling
       interests                                –          –          –          –             –            –           –             –            –           –           –        (5,673)     (5,673)
     Dividends recognised as a
       distribution (note 14)                   –          –          –          –             –            –           –             –            –    (241,014) (241,014)              –    (241,014)


     At 31 March 2023                     195,236    110,750     2,125      15,275        16,112      11,444      (33,474)     23,006        (9,259) 2,220,570 2,551,785          107,072 2,658,857

48   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                               For the year ended 31 March 2024




                                                                                 Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                              Shares
                                                                                                             held for        PRC
                                                           Capital     Capital                    Share        share     statutory       Other                                  Non-
                                       Share      Share   reserve redemption Translation          award        award      reserve     reserve      Retained                controlling
                                      capital   premium    (note i)   reserve       reserve      reserve     scheme       (note ii)   (note iii)     profits      Total     interests      Total
                                     HK$’000    HK$’000   HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000


Profit for the year                        –          –          –          –             –            –           –             –            –    176,764     176,764        10,013     186,777
Other comprehensive (expense)
  income for the year
  Share of other comprehensive
     (expense) income of
    associates, net of related
    income tax                             –          –          –          –             –            –           –             –      (7,578)           –      (7,578)            –     (7,578)
  Exchange differences arising
    on the translation of foreign
    operations                             –          –          –          –      (136,285)           –           –             –            –           –    (136,285)       (3,353) (139,638)
  Reclassification of cumulative
    translation reserve upon
    disposal of equity interest of
    an associate                           –          –          –          –             –            –           –             –            –           –           –             –          –


Total comprehensive (expense)
  income for the year                      –          –          –          –      (136,285)           –           –             –      (7,578)    176,764      32,901          6,660     39,561


Repurchase and cancellation of
  ordinary shares (note 32)           (4,001)         –          –      5,661             –            –           –             –      (1,660)     (83,813)    (83,813)            –    (83,813)
Shares purchased for share
  award scheme                             –          –          –          –             –            –      (6,381)            –            –           –      (6,381)            –     (6,381)
Recognition of equity-settled
  share-based payment
  expenses under share
  award scheme (note 37)                   –          –          –          –             –        4,562           –             –            –           –       4,562             –      4,562
Shares vested under share
  award scheme (note 37)                   –          –          –          –             –       (8,459)     11,740             –            –      (3,281)          –             –          –
Transfer of reserves                       –          –          –          –             –            –           –        2,851             –      (2,851)          –             –          –
Dividend to non-controlling
  interests                                –          –          –          –             –            –           –             –            –           –           –      (17,235)    (17,235)
Dividends recognised as a
  distribution (note 14)                   –          –          –          –             –            –           –             –            –     (94,257)    (94,257)            –    (94,257)


At 31 March 2024                     191,235    110,750     2,125      20,936      (120,173)       7,547     (28,115)     25,857      (18,497) 2,213,132 2,404,797            96,497 2,501,294




                                                                                 Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24                                                     49
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     Notes:

     (i)      The capital reserve of the Group represents the difference between the aggregate nominal value of the share capital
              of acquired subsidiaries and the aggregate nominal value of the Company’s shares issued for the acquisition at the
              time of the group reorganisation prior to the listing of the Company’s shares in 1993, and after the reclassification of
              the amounts related to the share premium arising from issue of shares of a subsidiary prior to the group reorganisation
              to the capital reserve and after reserve movements at the time of the capital reduction in previous years.

     (ii)     In accordance with the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”), domestic enterprises in the PRC are
              required to transfer 10% of their profit after taxation, as determined under accounting principles generally accepted
              in the PRC (“PRC GAAP”), to the statutory surplus reserve until such reserve balance reaches 50% of the registered
              capital of the respective PRC subsidiaries.

     (iii)    The other reserve of the Group mainly represents: (a) the share of other comprehensive income from the interests
              in associates and (b) the difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the
              consideration paid arising from the acquisition of additional interests in subsidiaries in previous years.




50   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                     For the year ended 31 March 2024




                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000


Operating activities
Profit before income tax                                                        199,473          737,030
Adjustments for:
  Gain on disposal of equity interest of an associate                                 –         (241,503)
  Loss (gain) on deemed disposal of associates                                    2,055         (195,586)
  Share of results of associates                                               (151,886)        (242,572)
  Finance costs                                                                   1,152              943
  Interest income                                                               (14,340)         (22,213)
  Impairment loss recognised on property, plant and equipment                         –           16,279
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                  41,540           48,813
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                             4,823            5,056
  Depreciation of investment properties                                             201              201
  Recognition of equity-settled share-based payment expenses under
    share award scheme                                                            4,562             1,538
  Net (gain) loss on disposal and written off of property, plant and
    equipment                                                                       (324)             341
  (Reversal of) allowance on credit losses, net of reversal
    – trade receivables                                                          (6,127)          (1,735)
    – debt investments at amortised cost                                         14,333           56,584
  Loss (gain) on derecognition on debt investments at amortised cost              3,407           (8,720)
  Gain on fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL                          (174)               –
  (Gain) loss on fair value changes of derivative financial instruments          (3,127)           3,189
  Reversal of allowance for inventories, net                                    (17,626)          (4,567)
  Unrealised exchange gain                                                       (8,923)          (6,308)


Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                         69,019          146,770
Decrease in inventories                                                          58,177           82,197
Decrease in trade and other receivables                                          76,688           66,069
Decrease in trade and other payables                                            (41,818)         (33,812)
Decrease in contract liabilities                                                (13,117)          (9,392)


Cash generated from operations                                                  148,949          251,832
Income tax paid                                                                  (6,776)         (12,252)


Net cash from operating activities                                              142,173          239,580




                                            Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   51
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024




                                                                               2024       2023
                                                                            HK$’000     HK$’000


     Investing activities
     Purchase of property, plant and equipment                               (56,244)   (25,351)
     Prepayment for acquisition of plant and equipment                        (3,981)    (8,455)
     Purchase of debt investments at amortised cost                                –    (39,320)
     Repayment of debt investments at amortised cost                           3,707      9,084
     Proceeds on disposal of equity interests of an associate, net of tax          –    300,312
     Dividend received from associates, net of withholding tax                46,766     34,511
     Purchases of financial assets at FVTPL                                 (136,458)         –
     Interest income received                                                  9,398     10,934
     Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment                    442        324
     Repayment of loan receivables                                            42,146      1,764
     Advance of loan receivables                                             (10,958)         –


     Net cash (used in) from investing activities                           (105,182)   283,803


     Financing activities
     Dividends paid                                                          (94,257)   (241,014)
     Dividend paid to non-controlling interests                              (17,235)     (5,673)
     Payment for repurchase of ordinary shares                               (83,813)    (57,745)
     Payment for purchase of shares for share award scheme                    (6,381)     (9,170)
     Repayment of lease liabilities                                           (4,694)     (5,084)
     Interest paid                                                            (1,152)       (943)
     Repayment of bank borrowings                                            (40,085)    (98,237)
     New bank borrowings raised                                               67,408      90,646


     Net cash used in financing activities                                  (180,209)   (327,220)


     Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                   (143,218)   196,163


     Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates                              (4,228)       (184)


     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                     300,313     104,334


     Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year,
      represented by bank balances and cash                                 152,867     300,313




52   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       For the year ended 31 March 2024



1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited (the “Company”) is incorporated in Bermuda as an exempted
     company with limited liability and its shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited (the “SEHK”). Its parent company is Antrix Investment Limited (incorporated in the British
     Virgin Islands (the “BVI”)) and its ultimate holding company is Fang Brothers Holdings Limited
     (incorporated in the BVI). The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business
     of the Company are disclosed in the “Corporate Information” section to the annual report.


     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), which is also
     the functional currency of the Company.


     The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are the manufacturing and
     sale of liquid crystal displays (“LCDs”), liquid crystal displays modules (“LCMs”), thin film transistor
     modules (“TFTs”) and capacitive touch panel modules (“CTPs”) (collectively “Displays”) products.


2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG
     FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”)
     New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
     In the current year, the Group has applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs issued
     by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time, which are
     mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 April 2023 for the preparation
     of the consolidated financial statements:


     HKFRS 17 (including the             Insurance Contracts
      October 2020 and
      February 2022 Amendments
      to HKFRS 17)
     Amendments to HKAS 8                Definition of Accounting Estimates
     Amendments to HKAS 12               Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from
                                           a Single Transaction
     Amendments to HKAS 12               International Tax Reform-Pillar Two model Rules
     Amendments to HKAS 1 and            Disclosure of Accounting Policies
      HKFRS Practice Statement 2


     Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to HKFRSs in the current
     year has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current
     and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




                                            Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24      53
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG
           FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (CONTINUED)
           New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current
           year (Continued)
           2.1    Amendments to HKAS 1 “Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-
                  current” and related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)
                  (the “2020 Amendments”) and Amendments to HKAS 1 “Non-current
                  Liabilities with Covenants” (the “2022 Amendments”)
                  The 2020 Amendments provide clarification and additional guidance on the assessment of
                  right to defer settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date for classification of
                  liabilities as current or non-current, which:

                  •      clarify that if a liability has terms that could, at the option of the counterparty, result
                         in its settlement by the transfer of the entity’s own equity instruments, these terms do
                         not affect its classification as current or non-current only if the entity recognises the
                         option separately as an equity instrument applying HKAS 32 “Financial Instruments:
                         Presentation”.

                  •      specify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current should be based
                         on rights that are in existence at the end of the reporting period. Specifically, the
                         amendments clarify that the classification should not be affected by management
                         intentions or expectations to settle the liability within 12 months.

                  For rights to defer settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date which are
                  conditional on the compliance with covenants, the requirements introduced by the 2020
                  Amendments have been modified by the 2022 Amendments. The 2022 Amendments specify
                  that only covenants with which an entity is required to comply with on or before the end of
                  the reporting period affect the entity’s right to defer settlement of a liability for at least twelve
                  months after the reporting date. Covenants which are required to comply with only after the
                  reporting period do not affect whether that right exists at the end of the reporting period.

                  In addition, the 2022 Amendments specify the disclosure requirements about information
                  that enables users of financial statements to understand the risk that the liabilities could
                  become repayable within twelve months after the reporting period, if an entity classifies
                  liabilities arising from loan arrangements as non-current when the entity’s right to defer
                  settlement of those liabilities is subject to the entity complying with covenants within twelve
                  months after the reporting period.

                  The 2022 Amendments also defer the effective date of applying the 2020 Amendments to
                  annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024. The 2022 Amendments,
                  together with the 2020 Amendments, are effective for annual reporting periods beginning
                  on or after 1 January 2024, with early application permitted. If an entity applies the 2020
                  Amendments for an earlier period after the issue of the 2022 Amendments, the entity should
                  also apply the 2022 Amendments for that period.

                  The management considered that the application of the 2020 and 2022 Amendments will
                  not affect the classification of the Group’s other liabilities as at 31 March 2024.


54   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2024



2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG
     FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (CONTINUED)
     New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current
     year (Continued)
     2.2   Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice
           Statement 2 Disclosure of Accounting Policies
           The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. HKAS 1
           Presentation of Financial Statements is amended to replace all instances of the term
           “significant accounting policies” with “material accounting policy information”. Accounting
           policy information is material if, when considered together with other information included
           in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions
           that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those
           financial statements.

           The amendments also clarify that accounting policy information may be material because of
           the nature of the related transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are
           immaterial. However, not all accounting policy information relating to material transactions,
           other events or conditions is itself material. If an entity chooses to disclose immaterial
           accounting policy information, such information must not obscure material accounting policy
           information.

           HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements (the “Practice Statement”)
           is also amended to illustrate how an entity applies the “four-step materiality process” to
           accounting policy disclosures and to judge whether information about an accounting policy
           is material to its financial statements. Guidance and examples are added to the Practice
           Statement.

           The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial
           positions and performance but has affected the disclosure of the Group’s accounting policies
           set out in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                          Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   55
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG
           FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (CONTINUED)
           New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current
           year (Continued)
           2.2    Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice
                  Statement 2 Disclosure of Accounting Policies (Continued)
                  Amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective

                  The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have
                  been issued but are not yet effective:

                  Amendments to HKFRS 10                Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                   and HKAS 28                            its Associate or Joint Venture1
                  Amendments to HKFRS 16                Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback2
                  Amendments to HKAS 1                  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current and
                                                          related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5
                                                          (2020)2
                  Amendments to HKAS 1                  Non-current Liabilities with Covenants2
                  Amendments to HKAS 7 and              Supplier Finance Arrangements2
                   HKFRS 7
                  Amendments to HKAS 21                 Lack of Exchangeability3

                  1      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
                  2      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.
                  3      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.


                  The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all amendments to HKFRSs
                  will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable
                  future.


     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           3.1    Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
                  The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs
                  issued by the HKICPA. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial
                  statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably expected to
                  influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements
                  include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
                  the SEHK (the “Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


                  The directors of the Company have, at the time of approving the consolidated financial
                  statements, a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue
                  in operational existence for the foreseeable future. Thus they continue to adopt the going
                  concern basis of accounting in preparing the consolidated financial statements.



56   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       For the year ended 31 March 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information
           Basis of consolidation
           The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company
           and entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the
           Company:


           •      has power over the investee;


           •      is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee;
                  and


           •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.


           The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances
           indicated that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.


           When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power
           over the investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct
           the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. The Group considers all relevant facts
           and circumstances in assessing whether or not the Group’s voting rights in an investee are
           sufficient to give it power, including:


           •      the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of
                  holdings of the other vote holders;


           •      potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;


           •      rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and


           •      any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not
                  have, the current ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need
                  to be made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings.


           Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and
           ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses
           of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated
           statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains
           control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.




                                           Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24       57
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (CONTINUED)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                  Basis of consolidation (Continued)
                  Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the
                  owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of
                  subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests
                  even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.


                  When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring
                  their accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.


                  All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to
                  transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


                  Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity
                  therein, which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate
                  share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

                  Interests in associates
                  An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence
                  is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but
                  is not control or joint control over those policies.


                  The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated
                  financial statement using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of
                  associates used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting
                  policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances.
                  Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognised in the
                  consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the
                  Group’s share of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate. Changes
                  in net assets of the associate other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are
                  not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by
                  the Group. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate exceeds the Group’s interest
                  in that associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of
                  the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognising its share
                  of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has
                  incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.




58   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       For the year ended 31 March 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)
           Interests in associates (Continued)
           An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on
           which the investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate,
           any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of
           the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is
           included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of
           the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment,
           after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the
           investment is acquired.


           The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate
           may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the
           investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 as a
           single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less
           costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated
           to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment.
           Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with HKAS 36 to the extent
           that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.


           When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted
           for as a disposal of the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being
           recognised in profit or loss. When the Group retains an interest in the former associate and
           the retained interest is a financial asset within the scope of HKFRS 9, the Group measures
           the retained interest at fair value at that date and the fair value is regarded as its fair value
           on initial recognition. The difference between the carrying amount of the associate and the
           fair value of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing of the relevant interest
           in the associate is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the
           associate. In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other
           comprehensive income in relation to that associate on the same basis as would be required
           if that associate had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain
           or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income by that associate would be
           reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the Group
           reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as a reclassification adjustment)
           upon disposal/partial disposal of the relevant associate.


           When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting
           from the transactions with the associate are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial
           statements only to the extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the Group.




                                           Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24       59
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (CONTINUED)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                  Interests in associates (Continued)
                  Changes in the Group’s interests in associate

                  When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate but the Group continues to
                  use the equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or
                  loss that had previously been recognised in other comprehensive income relating to that
                  reduction in ownership interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on
                  the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.


                  Non-current assets held for sale
                  Non-current assets (and disposal groups) are classified as held for sale if their carrying
                  amount will be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing
                  use. This condition is regarded as met only when the asset (or disposal group) is available
                  for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary
                  for sales of such asset (or disposal group) and its sale is highly probable. Management must
                  be committed to the sale, which should be expected to qualify for recognition as a completed
                  sale within one year from the date of classification.


                  When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving loss of control of a subsidiary, all of
                  the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary are classified as held for sale when the criteria
                  described above are met, regardless of whether the Group will retain a non-controlling
                  interest in the relevant subsidiary after the sale.


                  When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving disposal of an investment, or a portion
                  of an investment, in an associate or joint venture, the investment or the portion of the
                  investment that will be disposed of is classified as held for sale when the criteria described
                  above are met, and the Group discontinues the use of the equity method in relation to the
                  portion that is classified as held for sale from the time when the investment (or a portion of
                  the investment) is classified as held for sale.


                  Non-current assets (and disposal groups) classified as held for sale are measured at the
                  lower of their previous carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell, except for financial
                  assets within the scope of HKFRS 9, investment properties, others (please specify) which
                  continue to be measured in accordance with the accounting policies as set out in respective
                  sections.




60   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)
           Revenue from contracts with customers
           Revenue from contracts with customers Information about the Group’s accounting policies
           relating to contracts with customers is provided in note 5.


           Foreign currencies
           In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in
           currencies other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are
           recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end
           of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at
           the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical
           cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.


           Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation
           of monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.


           For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and
           liabilities of the Group’s foreign operations are translated into the presentation currency
           of the Group (i.e. HK$) using exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period.
           Income and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates for the year, unless
           exchange rates fluctuate significantly during the period, in which case, the exchange rates
           prevailing at the dates of transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are
           recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of
           translation reserve (attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).


           Employee benefits
           Retirement benefit costs

           Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans, state-managed retirement benefit
           schemes and the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) are recognised
           as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.


           Short-term employee benefits

           Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits
           expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee
           benefits are recognised as an expense.


           A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries and
           annual leave) after deducting any amount already paid.




                                          Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24    61
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (CONTINUED)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                  Share based payments
                  Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

                  Shares granted to employees

                  Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services
                  are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.


                  The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date
                  without taking into consideration all-non market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-
                  line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that
                  will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (share award reserve). At the
                  end of the reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of shares that
                  are expected to ultimately vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting
                  conditions. The impact of the revision of the estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss
                  with a corresponding adjustment to the share award reserve.


                  When the trustee purchases the Company’s shares from the open market, the consideration
                  paid, including any directly attributable incremental costs, is presented as shares held for
                  share award scheme and deducted from total equity. No gain or loss is recognised on
                  transactions of the Company’s own shares.


                  When the trustee transfers the Company’s shares to grantees upon vesting, the related
                  costs of the granted shares vested are reversed from shares held for share award scheme.
                  Accordingly, the related expense of the granted shares vested is reversed from the share
                  award reserve. The difference arising from this transfer is debited/credited to retained profits.


                  When the granted shares are forfeited before the vesting date, the amount previously
                  recognised in share award reserve will be reversed through profit or loss.




62   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     For the year ended 31 March 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)
           Taxation
           Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.


           The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from
           “profit before income tax” as reported in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
           other comprehensive income because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible
           in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current
           tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
           end of the reporting period.


           Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
           and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used
           in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all
           taxable temporary differences.


           Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with
           investments in subsidiaries and interests in associates, except where the Group is able
           to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary
           difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


           The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that
           would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period,
           to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.


           Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items
           that are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the
           current and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
           equity respectively.




                                           Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24     63
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (CONTINUED)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                  Property, plant and equipment
                  Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production
                  or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction
                  in progress) are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less
                  subsequent accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.


                  Property, plant and equipment in the course of construction for production, supply or
                  administrative purpose are carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs
                  include any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition
                  necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management, including
                  costs of testing whether the related assets is functioning properly. Depreciation of these
                  assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready
                  for their intended use.


                  When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both
                  leasehold land and building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the
                  leasehold land and the building elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial
                  recognition. To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably,
                  interest in leasehold land is presented as “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement
                  of financial position. When the consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease
                  building element and undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties
                  are classified as property, plant and equipment.


                  Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets, other than construction in
                  progress, less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line
                  method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed
                  at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted
                  for on a prospective basis.


                  Cash and cash equivalents
                  Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position
                  include cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits.




64   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       For the year ended 31 March 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)
           Inventories
           Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories
           are determined on a first-in, first-out method. Net realisable value represents the estimated
           selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary
           to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly
           attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the
           sale.

           Financial instruments
           Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party
           to the contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial
           assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or
           sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the
           time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.


           Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade
           receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance
           with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue
           of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities
           at FVTPL, are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial
           liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the
           acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately
           in profit or loss.


           The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial
           asset or financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the
           relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future
           cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an
           integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts)
           through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a
           shorter period to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.




                                            Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24       65
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (CONTINUED)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                  Financial instruments (Continued)
                  Financial assets

                  Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

                  Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised
                  cost:


                  •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect
                         contractual cash flows; and


                  •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
                         payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.


                  All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL.


                  A financial asset is held for trading if:


                  •      it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term;


                  •      on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the
                         Group manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking;
                         or


                  •      it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.


                  In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be
                  measured at the amortised cost as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly
                  reduces an accounting mismatch.




66   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     For the year ended 31 March 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)
           Financial instruments (Continued)
           Financial assets (Continued)

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)

           (i)    Amortised cost and interest income


                  For financing assets other than purchased or originated credit impaired financial
                  assets (i.e. assets that are credit impaired on initial recognition), interest income
                  is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                  subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective
                  interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial
                  assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial
                  assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised
                  by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from
                  the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument
                  improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is
                  recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the
                  financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination
                  that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.


                  For purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, a credit-adjusted
                  effective interest rate is calculated by discounting the estimated future cash flows,
                  including expected credit losses, to the amortised cost of the debt instrument on
                  initial recognition.


           (ii)   Financial assets at FVTPL


                  Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost
                  are measured at FVTPL.


                  Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
                  period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain
                  or loss recognised in profit or loss excludes any dividend or interest earned on the
                  financial asset and is included in the “other gains and losses” line item.




                                           Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24     67
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (CONTINUED)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                  Financial instruments (Continued)
                  Financial assets (Continued)

                  Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9

                  The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model
                  on financial assets (including trade receivables, loan receivables, other receivables,
                  debt investments at amortised cost and cash and cash equivalents) which are subject to
                  impairment assessment under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting
                  date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.


                  Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the
                  expected life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents
                  the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible
                  within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessment are done based on the Group’s
                  historical credit loss experience, and factors that are specific to the debtors, general
                  economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date
                  as well as the forecast of future conditions.


                  The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables without significant financing
                  component.


                  For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless
                  when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which
                  case the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be
                  recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring
                  since initial recognition.


                  (i)    Significant increase in credit risk


                         In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition,
                         the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at
                         the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at
                         the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both
                         quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including
                         historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue
                         cost or effort.




68   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     For the year ended 31 March 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)
           Financial instruments (Continued)
           Financial assets (Continued)

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (Continued)

           (i)   Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)


                 In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether
                 credit risk has increased significantly:

                 •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s
                        external (if available) or internal credit rating;


                 •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a
                        significant increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the
                        debtor;


                 •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic
                        conditions that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s
                        ability to meet its debt obligations;


                 •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the
                        debtor;


                 •      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic,
                        or technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease
                        in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.


                 Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that
                 the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual
                 payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and
                 supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.


                 The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether
                 there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate
                 to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk
                 before the amount becomes past due.




                                          Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24      69
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (CONTINUED)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                  Financial instruments (Continued)
                  Financial assets (Continued)

                  Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (Continued)

                  (ii)    Definition of default


                          For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs
                          when information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates
                          that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without
                          taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).


                          Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a
                          financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and
                          supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more
                          appropriate.


                  (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets


                          A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental
                          impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred.
                          Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the
                          following events:


                          (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;


                          (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


                          (c)    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating
                                 to the borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a
                                 concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;


                          (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                                 reorganisation;


                          (e)    the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of
                                 financial difficulties; or


                          (f)    the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects
                                 the incurred credit losses.




70   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     For the year ended 31 March 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)
           Financial instruments (Continued)
           Financial assets (Continued)

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (Continued)

           (iv)   Write-off policy


                  The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the
                  counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of
                  recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or
                  has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be
                  subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into
                  account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event.
                  Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.


           (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL


                  The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default
                  (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The
                  assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical
                  data and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and
                  probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default
                  occurring as the weights. Trade receivable with credit-impaired are assessed for
                  ECL individually.


                  Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to
                  the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects
                  to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.


                  Lifetime ECL for non-credit impaired trade receivables are considered on a collective
                  basis taking into consideration past due information and relevant credit information
                  such as forward looking macroeconomic information.


                  For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following
                  characteristics when formulating the grouping:


                  •      Past-due status;


                  •      Nature, size and industry of debtors; and


                  •      External credit ratings where available.


                                            Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   71
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (CONTINUED)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (Continued)
                  Financial instruments (Continued)
                  Financial assets (Continued)
                  Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (Continued)

                  (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL (Continued)

                         The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each
                         group continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

                         Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial
                         asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is
                         calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

                         The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial
                         instruments by adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables
                         where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

                  Derecognition/modification of financial assets

                  The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows
                  from the asset expire.

                  On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between
                  the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is
                  recognised in profit or loss.

                  A modification of a financial asset occurs if the contractual cash flows are renegotiated or
                  otherwise modified.

                  When the contractual terms of a financial asset are modified, the Group assesses whether
                  the revised terms result in a substantial modification from original terms taking into account
                  all relevant facts and circumstances including qualitative factors. If qualitative assessment
                  is not conclusive, the Group considers the terms are substantially different if the discounted
                  present value of the cash flows under the new terms, including any fees paid net of any
                  fees received, and discounted using the original effective interest rate, is at least 10 per
                  cent different from the discounted present value of the remaining cash flows of the original
                  financial asset.

                  When the contractual terms of a finance asset are modified and result in a substantial
                  modification, such modification is accounted for as a derecognition of the original financial
                  asset and the recognition of new financial asset. The difference between the carrying amount
                  of financial asset derecognised and the fair value of consideration receive or receivable is
                  recognised in profit or loss.



72   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       For the year ended 31 March 2024



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (Continued)
           Financial instruments (Continued)
           Financial liabilities and equity

           Classification as debt or equity

           Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in
           accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a
           financial liability and an equity instrument.

           Equity instruments

           An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an
           entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are
           recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.


           Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly
           in equity. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or
           cancellation of the Company’s own equity instruments.


           Financial liabilities

           Financial liabilities (including trade and other payables and bank borrowings) are
           subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

           Derecognition of financial liabilities

           The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations
           are discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of
           the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in
           profit or loss.




                                              Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   73
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
           ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
           In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors
           of the Company are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying
           amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and
           underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered
           to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


           The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to
           accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision
           affects only that period or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects
           both current and future periods.


           Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
           The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that
           the directors have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have
           the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.


           Control over Crown Capital Holdings Limited (“Crown Capital”)
           Crown Capital is considered as a subsidiary of the Group even though the Group has only a 47.05%
           ownership interest and has only 47.05% of the voting rights in Crown Capital since the date of
           incorporation and the remaining 52.95% of the ownership interests are held by seven independent
           shareholders.


           The directors of the Company assessed whether or not the Group has control over Crown Capital
           based on whether the Group has the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of Crown
           Capital unilaterally. In making their judgement, the directors considered the Group’s absolute size
           of its holding in Crown Capital and the relative size of and dispersion of the shareholdings owned
           by the other shareholders as well as other facts and circumstances including voting patterns at
           previous shareholders’ meetings. After the assessment, the directors concluded that the Group
           has a sufficiently dominant voting interest to direct the relevant activities of Crown Capital and
           therefore the Group has control over Crown Capital.


           Deferred tax on interests in associates
           For the purposes of measuring deferred tax liabilities on interests in associates, the management
           of the Group considered the tax consequences associated with the expected manner of recovery of
           the carrying amount of the investment. Different tax rates are applied for measuring the temporary
           difference between the carrying amount and tax base of interests in associates for the recovery
           of investment through receiving dividend income or selling the investment. The directors of the
           Company assessed that the temporary difference is to be recovered through dividend income and/or
           through sale, and accordingly, deferred tax liabilities of HK$103,816,000 (2023: HK$106,451,000)
           was recognised by applying different tax rates in accordance with the expected manner of recovery.




74   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     For the year ended 31 March 2024



4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
     ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)
     Key sources of estimation uncertainty
     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation
     uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material
     adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.


     Fair value measurement of financial instruments
     As at 31 March 2024, certain of the Group’s financial assets, unlisted equity investment amounting
     to HK$108,474,000 are measured at fair value with fair value being determined based on
     significant unobservable inputs using valuation techniques. Judgement and estimation are required
     in establishing the relevant valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof. Changes in
     assumptions relating to these factors could result in material adjustments to the fair value of these
     instruments. See notes 25 and 34 for further disclosures.

     Allowance for credit losses for debt investments at amortised cost
     Debt investments at amortised cost are assessed for ECL individually. The directors of the Company
     assessed the ECL of the debt investments taking into consideration the current observable
     information of the issuer of the debt investments and forward-looking information of the debt
     investments that are reasonable and supportable available without undue costs or effort. At every
     reporting date, the default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information
     are considered.


     The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. Due to greater financial uncertainty
     triggered by the announcement of extension of debt investments, the Group has increased the
     expected loss rates in the current year. The information about the ECL and the Group’s debt
     investments at amortised cost are disclosed in notes 20 and 34.




                                           Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24    75
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
           ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)
           Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
           Allowance for credit losses of trade receivables
           Trade receivables with significant balances and credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually.
           In addition, for trade receivables which are individually insignificant or when the Group does not
           have reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort to
           measure ECL on individual basis, collective assessment is performed by grouping of debtors that
           have similar loss patterns based on the ageing, repayment history and/or past due status of the
           respective trade receivables. Estimated loss rates are based on historical observed default rates
           over the expected life of the debtors and forward-looking information.


           As at 31 March 2024, the Group’s carrying amount of trade receivables is HK$162,648,000 (net
           of allowance for credit losses of HK$7,473,000) (2023: HK$218,016,000 (net of allowance for
           credit losses of HK$13,842,000)) and out of these trade receivables of HK$48,218,000 (2023:
           HK$77,158,000) were past due.


           The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the
           Group’s trade receivables is disclosed in notes 23 and 34.

           Allowance for inventories
           The Group manufactures and sells Displays products and the valuation of the inventories is subject
           to technical obsolescence. When there is a downward trend in the market, the selling price of the
           Displays products of the Group may decrease which imposes pressures on the net realisable values
           of inventories. The management of the Group is required to exercise judgement and estimates to
           identify obsolete or slow-moving inventories and determine the allowance for inventories at the
           end of the reporting period. The management of the Group reviews the usability and saleability
           of inventories taking into account the nature of inventories, prevailing market conditions, ageing
           categories and subsequent usages/sales. Where the inventories are determined to be obsolete or
           slow-moving inventories, the management of the Group determines the allowance for inventories
           primarily based on latest selling prices in recent sale or the market prices and the necessary costs
           to make the sales. Where the actual net realisable values of the inventories are less than expected,
           further allowance for inventories may arise. During the year, the Group reversed allowance for
           inventories amounting to HK$17,626,000 (2023: HK$4,567,000). As at 31 March 2024, the carrying
           amount of inventories is HK$137,600,000 (net of allowance for inventories of HK$43,859,000)
           (2023: HK$184,683,000 (net of allowance for inventories of HK$55,241,000)).




76   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       For the year ended 31 March 2024



5.   REVENUE
     (i)     Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
             The Group’s revenue represents income from manufacture and sales of LCDs, LCMs, TFTs
             and CTPs (“Displays”) products.


             For types of goods sold and geographic markets of the customers, please refer to note 6
             for details.


     (ii)    Performance obligations for contracts with customers
             Revenue is recognised at a point in time when control of the goods has transferred, being
             when the goods have been delivered and titles are passed to customers according to the
             specific shipping terms. Following the delivery, the customer has full discretion over the
             usage of the goods, has the primary responsibility when on utilising the goods and bears
             the risks of obsolescence and loss in relation to the goods. The normal credit term is 30 to
             150 days upon delivery.


             The Group normally receives 30% to 100% of the contract value as deposits from certain
             new customers when the sale order is issued. When the Group receives advance payment
             from customer, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the start of a contract, until the
             revenue recognised upon the satisfaction of the performance obligation.


             As sales return is rare and not significant to the Group, the Group reverses the revenue
             when sales return is successfully logged by the customers.

     (iii)   Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for
             contracts with customers
             All contracts with customers of the Group are for periods of one year or less. As permitted
             under HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not
             disclosed.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24     77
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION
           Information reported to the executive directors of the Group, being the chief operating decision
           maker (“CODM”), for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance
           focuses on types of goods delivered. The Group has only one reportable and operating segment
           as Displays.


           The management of the Group assesses the performance of the reportable segment based on the
           revenue and segment profit. The accounting policies of the reportable segment are the same as
           the Group’s accounting policies.


           The following is an analysis of Group’s revenue and results by reportable and operating segment:


                                                                                    2024            2023
                                                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000


           Revenue – Displays                                                     936,607        1,325,806


           Segment profit – Displays                                               54,956           88,079


           Interest income                                                         14,340           22,213
           Rental income from investment properties                                 1,181            1,147
           Net exchange gain                                                        5,569            6,481
           Gain on fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL                    174                –
           Gain (loss) on fair value changes of derivative financial
             instruments                                                            3,127           (3,189)
           (Loss) gain on derecognition of debt investments at
             amortised cost                                                         (3,407)          8,720
           Allowance on credit losses on debt investments at
             amortised cost                                                       (14,333)         (56,584)
           Unallocated administrative expenses                                    (10,813)          (8,555)
           Finance costs                                                           (1,152)            (943)
           Gain on disposal of equity interests of an associate                         –          241,503
           (Loss) gain on deemed disposal of associates                            (2,055)         195,586
           Share of results of associates                                         151,886          242,572


           Profit before income tax                                               199,473          737,030




78   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     For the year ended 31 March 2024



6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Segment profit represents the gross profit generated in operating segment and certain items of
     other income, other gains and losses, net of selling and distribution expenses and administrative
     expenses directly attributable to the segment without allocation of interest income, rental income
     from investment properties, net exchange differences, fair value changes of financial assets at
     FVTPL and derivative financial instruments, (loss) gain on derecognition of debt investments at
     amortised cost, allowances on credit losses on debt investments at amortised cost, unallocated
     administrative expenses, finance costs, gain on disposal of equity interests of an associate, (loss)
     gain on deemed disposal of associates, and share of results of associates. This is the measure
     reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.


     The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue by type of products:


                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000


     LCDs                                                                       138,339         180,739
     LCMs                                                                       367,961         545,624
     TFTs                                                                       167,297         278,871
     CTPs                                                                       263,010         320,572


                                                                                936,607       1,325,806


     Segment assets and liabilities
     As the CODM reviews the Group’s assets and liabilities for the Group as a whole on a consolidated
     basis, no assets or liabilities are allocated to the operating segments. Therefore, no analysis of
     segment assets and liabilities is presented.




                                           Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   79
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
           Other segment information
           The following other segment information is included in the measure of segment profit:


           For the year ended 31 March 2024


                                                                      Displays    Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                                      HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000


           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                41,540             –           41,540
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets                           4,823             –            4,823
           Depreciation of investment properties                             –           201              201
           Net gain on disposal and written off of
             property, plant and equipment                                (324)             –            (324)
           Reversal of credit losses on trade
             receivables, net                                           (6,127)             –          (6,127)
           Allowance on credit losses on debt
             investments at amortised cost                                   –         14,333          14,333
           Loss on derecognition on debt investments
             at amortised cost                                               –          3,407           3,407
           Reversal of allowance for inventories, net                  (17,626)             –         (17,626)


           For the year ended 31 March 2023


                                                                      Displays    Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                                      HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000


           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                48,612           201           48,813
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets                           5,056             –            5,056
           Depreciation of investment properties                             –           201              201
           Impairment loss recognised on property,
             plant and equipment                                        16,279              –          16,279
           Net loss on disposal and written off of
             property, plant and equipment                                341               –            341
           Reversal of credit losses on trade
             receivables, net                                           (1,735)             –          (1,735)
           Allowance on credit losses on debt
             investments at amortised cost                                   –         56,584          56,584
           Gain on derecognition on debt investments
             at amortised cost                                               –         (8,720)         (8,720)
           Reversal of allowance for inventories, net                   (4,567)             –          (4,567)




80   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              For the year ended 31 March 2024



6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Geographical information
     The Group operates in two principal geographical areas, including Hong Kong and the People’s
     Republic of China, other than Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan (the “PRC”).


     Information about the Group’s revenue from external customers and information about its non-
     current assets by geographical location of the customers and assets respectively, are detailed
     below:


                                                          Revenue from
                                                        external customers              Non-current assets
                                                            2024        2023               2024         2023
                                                        HK$’000       HK$’000           HK$’000      HK$’000


     The PRC                                             173,244          236,235        680,119    2,288,875
     Germany                                             157,248          196,806              –            –
     United States                                        95,819          145,659              –            –
     Japan                                                64,254          111,613              –            –
     Switzerland                                          63,697          107,844              –            –
     Taiwan                                               40,788          100,301              –            –
     Hong Kong                                            72,969           99,106          7,019        6,793
     Spain                                                37,192           56,090              –            –
     Other European countries                            158,330          170,042          3,816        5,109
     Other Asian countries                                66,403           80,916              –            –
     Other countries                                       6,663           21,194              –            –


                                                         936,607        1,325,806        690,954    2,300,777


     Note:   Non-current assets exclude debt investments at amortised cost.


     Information about major customers
     No customer has contributed over 10% of the total revenue of the Group for both years.




                                                Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   81
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     7.    OTHER INCOME
                                                                                   2024     2023
                                                                                HK$’000   HK$’000


           Government grants                                                      1,134     2,346
           Tooling income                                                         1,940     1,867
           Scrap sales                                                              740       782
           Rental income from investment properties                               1,181     1,147
           Interest income
             – debt investments at amortised cost                                 7,842    16,733
             – bank and others                                                    6,498     5,480
           Compensation income                                                    1,041       538
           Others                                                                 3,314     2,958


                                                                                 23,690    31,851


     8.    OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                                                   2024     2023
                                                                                HK$’000   HK$’000


           Gain on fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL                  174         –
           Gain (loss) on fair value changes of derivative financial
             instruments                                                          3,127    (3,189)
           Impairment losses recognised on property, plant and equipment              –   (16,279)
           Net gain (loss) on disposal and written off of property, plant and
             equipment                                                              324      (341)
           Net exchange gain                                                      5,569     6,481


                                                                                  9,194   (13,328)




82   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       For the year ended 31 March 2024



9.   FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000


     Interest on bank borrowings                                                       662               605
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                     490               338


                                                                                     1,152               943


10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000


     The income tax expense comprises:


     Current tax:
      Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                            994            5,610
      PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)                                                490            3,478
      Withholding tax for gain on disposal of equity interests                           –           34,728
      Withholding tax for distributed profits                                        2,943            1,816
      Other jurisdictions                                                            4,660            3,926


                                                                                     9,087           49,558


     Deferred taxation (note 31)
      Charge for the year                                                            3,609           26,228


                                                                                   12,696            75,786


     Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first HK$2,000,000 of profits of the qualifying
     companies will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2,000,000 will be taxed at 16.5%. The
     profits of companies not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be
     taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%. The directors of the Company considered the amount involved upon
     implementation of the two-tiered profits tax rates regime as insignificant to the consolidated financial
     statements.




                                            Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24      83
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CONTINUED)
           Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation
           of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both years. Pursuant to the relevant
           law and regulations in the PRC, one of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries was approved as Hi-Tech
           Enterprise and entitled to 15% PRC Enterprise Income Tax rate. Accordingly, the PRC Enterprise
           Income Tax of that PRC subsidiary was provided at 15% (2023: 15%) for the year ended 31
           March 2024. The qualification as a Hi-Tech Enterprise will be subject to review by the relevant tax
           authorities in the PRC for every three years.


           Under EIT Law, distributable profits earned by foreign investment enterprises since 1 January
           2008 are subject to withholding tax of 10% of profit distributed to non-resident investors. However,
           pursuant to the Arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
           for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion, the withholding tax
           aforementioned can be reduced to 5%.


           Taxation arising in other jurisdictions is calculated at the rate prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions.


           The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the profit before income tax in the
           consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:


                                                                                                    2024                2023
                                                                                                 HK$’000              HK$’000


           Profit before income tax                                                               199,473              737,030


           Tax at Hong Kong Profits Tax rate of 16.5%                                               32,913             121,610
           Tax effect of share of results of associates                                            (25,061)            (40,024)
           Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible for tax purposes                           5,292              11,184
           Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purposes                                        (3,078)            (74,191)
           Tax effect of research and development expenses that are
             additionally deducted (Note)                                                           (2,892)              (4,859)
           Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in
             other jurisdictions                                                                     2,197                  155
           Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                         (24)                (208)
           Tax effect of tax losses and other deductible temporary
             difference not recognised                                                                 855                 454
           Withholding tax in the PRC                                                                3,609              62,772
           Income tax at concessionary rate                                                         (1,665)             (2,197)
           Others                                                                                      550               1,090


           Income tax expense for the year                                                          12,696              75,786


           Note:   Pursuant to Caishui [2018] circular No. 99, Jiangmen Yeebo Semiconductor Co., Limited, one of the subsidiaries
                   of the Group, enjoys super deduction of 200% (2023: 200%) on qualifying research and development
                   expenditures for the year ended 31 March 2024.

84   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2024



11. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
                                                                               2024             2023
                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


   Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging (crediting):


   Staff costs, including directors’ emoluments                              186,415          231,065
   Retirement benefit scheme contributions, including directors               19,360           19,661
   Share-based payment expenses                                                4,562            1,538


   Total staff costs                                                         210,337          252,264


   Auditor’s remuneration                                                      3,135            3,255
   Cost of inventories recognised as expenses                                792,696        1,102,514
   Reversal of allowance for inventories, net                                (17,626)          (4,567)


   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                              41,540           48,813
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                         4,823            5,056
   Depreciation of investment properties                                         201              201


   Total depreciation                                                         46,564           54,070


   Share of tax of associates (included in share of results
     of associates)                                                           28,413           38,104




                                         Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   85
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     12. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS
           The emoluments paid or payable to each of the seven (2023: eight) directors and the chief executive
           were as follows:


           Year ended 31 March 2024


                                                                      Share-based       Retirement
                                                           Salaries      payment             benefit
                                                          and other     expenses            scheme
                                               Fees        benefits       (note iv)   contributions      Total
                                             HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000


           Executive Directors (note i):
           Fang Yan Tak, Douglas
              (note ii)                             –         1,320              –               66      1,386
           Li Kwok Wai, Frankie
              (note iii)                            –         5,079              –              254      5,333
           Leung Tze Kuen                           –         2,820          1,885              141      4,846


           Non-executive Directors
            (note i):
           Chen Shuang (retired on
            21 September 2023)                    150             –              –                –        150


           Independent non-executive
             Directors (note i):
           Chu Chi Wai, Allan                     300             –              –                –        300
           Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian                   300             –              –                –        300
           Lau Kei May                            300             –              –                –        300


                                                1,050         9,219          1,885              461     12,615




86   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              For the year ended 31 March 2024



12. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Year ended 31 March 2023


                                                                       Share-based          Retirement
                                                           Salaries       payment               benefit
                                                          and other      expenses              scheme
                                            Fees           benefits        (note iv)      contributions         Total
                                          HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000             HK$’000         HK$’000


   Executive Directors (note i):
   Fang Hung, Kenneth
     (passed away on
     28 August 2022)                              –             600                 –                 –             600
   Fang Yan Tak, Douglas
      (note ii)                                 125             770                –                 33             928
   Li Kwok Wai, Frankie (note iii)                –           5,079                –                254           5,333
   Leung Tze Kuen                                 –           1,620              477                 81           2,178


   Non-executive Directors
    (note i):
   Chen Shuang                                  300                –                –                 –             300


   Independent non-executive
     Directors (note i):
   Chu Chi Wai, Allan                           300                –                –                 –             300
   Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian                         300                –                –                 –             300
   Lau Kei May                                  300                –                –                 –             300


                                              1,325           8,069              477                368         10,239


   Notes:

   (i)      The emoluments shown above for executive directors were for their services in connection with the management
            of the affairs of the Company and the Group. The emoluments for the non-executive directors and independent
            non-executive directors were for their services as directors of the Company.

   (ii)     Mr. Fang Yan Tak, Douglas had been appointed as Chairman of the Company with effect from 1 September
            2022, and re-designated from a Non-executive Director to an Executive Director on the same date.

   (iii)    Mr. Li Kwok Wai, Frankie is also the chief executive of the Company and his emoluments disclosed above
            include those for services rendered by him as the chief executive.

   (iv)     One director was granted awarded shares, in respect of its services to the Group under the share award
            scheme of the Company. Details of the share award scheme are set out in note 37.


   No director waived any emoluments for any of the two years reported.




                                                Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24             87
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     13. EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
           Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group, two (2023: two) were directors of
           the Company whose emoluments are included in note 12 above. The emoluments of the remaining
           three (2023: three) individuals were as follows:


                                                                                       2024            2023
                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000


           Salaries and other benefits                                                 8,287            8,665
           Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                     2,085            1,963


           Total emoluments                                                           10,372           10,628


           Their emoluments were within the following bands:


                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                     No. of            No. of
                                                                                 employees         employees


           HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                    –                1
           HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                    1                –
           HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                    1                1
           HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                                    1                1


           No remuneration was paid to directors and five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join
           or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office during both years.


     14. DIVIDENDS
           Dividends recognised as distributions during the year:


                                                                                       2024            2023
                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000


           Final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2023 of
             HK5.0 cents per share (2023: Final dividend for the year
             ended 31 March 2022 of HK5.0 cents per share)                            48,006           49,334
           Second special dividend for the year ended 31 March 2023 of
             HK5.0 cents per share (2023: First special dividend
             for the year ended 31 March 2023 of HK20.0 cents per share)              48,005         196,181


                                                                                      96,011         245,515




88   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended 31 March 2024



14. DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
   For the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group distributed dividends of HK10.0 cents (2023: HK25.0
   cents) per share, amounted to HK$96,011,000 (2023: HK$245,515,000). The difference between
   this amount and the amount of dividends recognised as a distribution disclosed in the consolidated
   statement of changes in equity represented the dividends to be paid to the Group’s share award
   scheme.


   Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a final dividend in respect of the year ended 31
   March 2024 of HK5.0 cents (2023: a final dividend and a second special dividend in respect of
   the year ended 31 March 2023 of HK5.0 cents and HK5.0 cents, respectively) per ordinary share,
   in an aggregate amount of HK$47,141,000 (2023: HK$97,175,000), have been proposed by the
   directors of the Company and are subject to approval by the shareholders in the forthcoming
   annual general meeting.


15. EARNINGS PER SHARE
   The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share is based on the following data:


                                                                               2024             2023
                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


   Earnings
   Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company
     for the purpose of basic and diluted earnings per share                 176,764          615,109


                                                                                2024              2023
                                                                            Number            Number
                                                                           of shares         of shares
                                                                                ’000               ’000


   Number of shares
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
     purpose of basic earnings per share                                     945,089          967,036
   Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares in respect
     of outstanding share awards                                               4,284             6,739


   Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
    purpose of diluted earnings per share                                    949,373          973,775


   The weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic earnings per share
   shown above have been arrived at after deducting shares held by the share award scheme trust.
   The directors of the Company assessed that there is no material impact on the diluted earnings
   per share on the share-based payment transaction in associates.



                                         Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   89
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                        Land and    Furniture      Office     Plant and      Motor Construction
                                        buildings and fixtures equipment     machinery     vehicles in progress      Total
                                         HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000
                                            (Note)


           COST
           At 1 April 2022               146,496     131,638       16,234      431,224       8,979       29,510    764,081
           Exchange realignment          (10,331)     (9,478)      (1,004)     (32,147)       (236)      (2,123)   (55,319)
           Additions                           –         305          226          738         390       31,742     33,401
           Disposals and written off           –      (2,565)      (2,203)     (11,771)       (473)           –    (17,012)
           Transfers                           –      10,998        4,296       33,616           –      (48,910)         –


           At 31 March 2023              136,165     130,898       17,549      421,660       8,660       10,219    725,151
           Exchange realignment           (6,738)     (9,345)        (993)     (18,805)       (162)        (457)   (36,500)
           Additions                           –         305          207           79       1,100       43,690     45,381
           Disposals and written off           –     (11,138)        (589)     (11,017)       (968)           –    (23,712)
           Transfers                           –       4,404          169        8,650           –      (13,223)         –


           At 31 March 2024              129,427     115,124       16,343      400,567       8,630       40,229    710,320


           DEPRECIATION AND
             IMPAIRMENT
           At 1 April 2022                69,956      89,057       11,990      317,345       8,185            –    496,533
           Exchange realignment           (4,958)     (6,448)        (697)     (23,652)       (223)           –    (35,978)
           Provided for the year           6,359      12,296        1,286       28,667         205            –     48,813
           Impairment loss recognised
             in profit or loss                 –       3,389         648        12,242           –            –     16,279
           Eliminated on disposals
             and written off                   –       (2,411)     (2,143)      (11,370)      (423)           –    (16,347)


           At 31 March 2023               71,357      95,883       11,084      323,232       7,744            –    509,300
           Exchange realignment           (3,590)     (7,066)        (512)     (14,615)       (133)           –    (25,916)
           Provided for the year           5,990       6,216        1,582       27,363         389            –     41,540
           Eliminated on disposals
             and written off                   –      (11,125)       (517)      (10,997)      (955)           –    (23,594)


           At 31 March 2024               73,757      83,908       11,637      324,983       7,045            –    501,330


           CARRYING VALUES
           At 31 March 2024               55,670      31,216        4,706       75,584       1,585       40,229    208,990


           At 31 March 2023               64,808      35,015        6,465       98,428         916       10,219    215,851

90   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 March 2024



16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
   The above items of property, plant and equipment, except for construction in progress after taking
   into account the residual values, are depreciated on a straight-line basis at the following rates per
   annum:


   Land and buildings                                 Over the lease term
   Furniture and fixtures                             10 – 25%
   Office equipment                                   15 – 25%
   Plant and machinery                                10 – 25%
   Motor vehicles                                     10 – 20%

   Note:   The carrying amounts of owner-occupied leasehold land and buildings of HK$55,670,000 (2023: HK$64,808,000)
           at the end of the reporting period included both the leasehold land and building elements in property, plant and
           equipment, as in the opinion of the directors of the Company, allocations of the carrying amounts between the
           leasehold land and buildings elements cannot be made reliably.


   Impairment assessment
   Due to the suspension and low utilisation of certain production lines identified by the management
   during the year ended 31 March 2023, the management of the Group concluded there was indication
   for impairment and conducted impairment assessment on certain property, plant and equipment
   with carrying amounts of HK$25,127,000 (2024: nil). The recoverable amount of property, plant
   and equipment, within the Displays segment, are estimated individually.


   The recoverable amounts of the property, plant and equipment have been determined based on
   their fair value less costs of disposal. The Group estimates the fair value less costs of disposal of
   the assets by obtaining quotation from a third party buyer. The relevant assets were impaired to
   their recoverable amount of HK$8,848,000 (2024: nil), which is their carrying values at year end
   and the total impairment loss of HK$16,279,000 (2024: nil) has been recognised in profit or loss
   during the year ended 31 March 2023.




                                                Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24                91
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                                        Rented          Motor
                                                                      premises        vehicles            Total
                                                                       HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000


           As at 31 March 2024
           Carrying amount                                               2,550           1,269             3,819


           As at 31 March 2023
           Carrying amount                                              15,092           1,338           16,430


           For the year ended 31 March 2024
           Depreciation charge                                           4,010             813             4,823


           For the year ended 31 March 2023
           Depreciation charge                                           4,386             670             5,056


                                                                                         2024             2023
                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000


           Expense relating to short-term leases                                           577               645


           Total cash outflow for leases                                                (5,761)           (6,067)


           Addition to right-of-use assets                                               2,676           14,630


           For both years, the Group leases various rented premises and motor vehicles. Lease contracts
           are entered into for fixed term of 2 to 5 years and with fixed lease payments. Lease terms are
           negotiated on individual basis and contain different terms. In determining the lease term and
           assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract
           and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.


           The right-of-use assets are depreciated for 2 to 5 years.


           During the year, the Group entered into new lease agreements for the use of leased properties
           for 2 to 5 years. On the lease commencement, the Group recognised right-of-use assets and
           lease liabilities of HK$2,676,000 and HK$2,676,000 (2023: HK$14,630,000 and HK$14,630,000)
           respectively.


           The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for rented premises. As at 31 March 2024 and
           2023, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the
           short-term lease expense disclosed in this note above.


92   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2024



17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
   Restrictions or covenants on leases
   In addition, lease liabilities of HK$3,923,000 are recognised with related right-of-use assets of
   HK$3,819,000 as at 31 March 2024 (2023: lease liabilities of HK$16,697,000 and related right-of-
   use assets of HK$16,430,000). The lease agreements do not impose any covenants in the leased
   assets that are held by the lessors, and the relevant leased assets may not be used as security
   for borrowing purposes.


18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                            HK$’000


   COST
   At 1 April 2022, 31 March 2023 and 31 March 2024                                             1,892


   DEPRECIATION
   At 1 April 2022                                                                                917
   Provided for the year                                                                          201


   At 31 March 2023                                                                             1,118
   Provided for the year                                                                          201


   At 31 March 2024                                                                             1,319


   CARRYING VALUES
   At 31 March 2024                                                                               573


   At 31 March 2023                                                                               774


   The Group’s investment properties are erected on land in Hong Kong and are depreciated on a
   straight-line basis over the term of the lease.


   As at 31 March 2024, the fair value of the Group’s investment properties was HK$32,300,000
   (2023: HK$34,700,000).




                                        Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   93
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)
           The fair value of the investment properties as at 31 March 2024 have been arrived at on the basis
           of a valuation carried out on that date by Asset Appraisal Limited (2023: Asset Appraisal Limited),
           an independent qualified professional valuer not connected with the Group. Asset Appraisal Limited
           is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors. The valuation was determined based on the
           market approach and arrived at by reference to market evidence of transaction prices for similar
           properties.


           The Group leased out its investment properties under an operating lease with fixed rental receivable
           monthly. The leases typically run for an initial period of 1 to 2 years.


           The Group is not exposed to foreign currency risk as a result of the lease arrangement, as the
           lease is denominated in the respective functional currency of the group entity. The lease contract
           does not contain residual value guarantee and/or lessee’s option to purchase the property at the
           end of lease term.


           Rental income from investment properties for the year is HK$1,181,000 (2023: HK$1,147,000). The
           direct operating expenses incurred for investment properties that generated rental income during
           the year is HK$201,000 (2023: HK$201,000).


           In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their
           current use.


           Details of the Group’s investment properties and information about the fair value hierarchy as at
           the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                       2024             2023
                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000


           Commercial properties located in Hong Kong


           Carrying amount                                                               573               774


                                                                                       2024             2023
                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000


           Fair value at Level 3 hierarchy                                            32,300           34,700




94   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             For the year ended 31 March 2024



19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                         HK$’000             HK$’000


   Cost of investments in associates
     Listed in the PRC                                                                    653,963             653,963
     Unlisted                                                                              18,038              18,038
   Share of post-acquisition results and other comprehensive
     income, net of dividends received:
     Listed in the PRC                                                                 1,537,404            1,420,110
     Unlisted                                                                            (15,921)               9,228
   Exchange adjustments                                                                 (149,349)             (39,968)


                                                                                       2,044,135            2,061,371


   The analysis includes those classified as held for sale:
     Current assets                                                                    1,708,365                    –
     Non-current assets                                                                  335,770            2,061,371


                                                                                       2,044,135            2,061,371


   Fair value of listed associates (note)                                              5,639,809            7,880,427


   Note:   The fair value of the listed investments is determined based on the quoted market bid price multiplied by the
           quantity of shares held by the Group.


   Share of results of associates
                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                         HK$’000             HK$’000


   Listed in the PRC:
     Share of profits                                                                     176,626             241,799


   Unlisted associate:
    Share of (losses) profits                                                             (24,740)                 773


                                                                                          151,886             242,572




                                               Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24              95
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
           Details of the Group’s associates as at 31 March 2024 and 2023 are as follows:


                                                                Place of                Proportion of
                                                                incorporation           nominal value
                                            Form of             or registration/      of issued capital
           Name                             enterprise          operation          controlled by the Group   Principal activities
                                                                                         2024         2023


           Listed in the PRC


           Nantong Jianghai Capacitor       Sino-foreign        The PRC               28.83%       29.10%    Manufacturing and
            Co., Limited                      cooperate joint                        (Note 1)     (Note 1)    trading of aluminium
            (“Nantong Jianghai”)              stock company                                                   electrolytic capacitors,
            南通江海電容器股份有限公司                                                                                     thin film capacitors
                                                                                                              and super capacitors


           Suzhou QingYue Optoelectronics   Sino-foreign        The PRC               28.08%       28.08%    Development,
             Technology Co., Limited          cooperate joint                                     (Note 2)     manufacturing and
             (“Suzhou QingYue”)               stock company                                                    selling of organic
             蘇州清越光電科技股份有限公司                                                                                    light emitting diode
                                                                                                               (“OLED”) display
                                                                                                               products


           Unlisted associate

           Zaozhuang Reinno Electronics     Sino-foreign        The PRC               33.33%      40.00%     Development,
             Technology Co. Limited           cooperate limited                      (Note 3)                  manufacturing and
             (“Zaozhuang Reinno”)             liability company                                                selling of flexible
             棗莊睿諾電子科技有限公司                                                                                      printed circuits
                                                                                                               and OLED related
                                                                                                               products




96   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 March 2024



19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
   Note 1: According to the “Guide to Listed Companies’ Articles of Association《上市公司章程指引》” issued by China
           Securities Regulatory Commission, a company is treated as the controlling shareholder of a company listed in
           the PRC if it holds more than 30% of the shareholding of the said listed company or if its shareholding/voting
           right is enough to have a significant influence on the votings in the listed company’s shareholders general
           meetings. Billion Power Investment Limited (“Billion Power”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, has
           significant influence but not control, over Nantong Jianghai by virtue of the fact that it has a shareholding
           of 28.83% (2023: 29.10%) of the voting rights at the end of reporting period. The decrease in shareholding
           is due to the dilution effect in relation to the exercise of the share option by directors and employees of
           Nantong Jianghai. In respect of the dilution, a loss on deemed disposal, amounted to HK$2,055,000 (2023:
           HK$1,175,000). Regardless of the fact that Billion Power is disclosed as the controlling shareholder Nantong
           Jianghai in Nantong Jianghai’s public documents in the PRC, it is accounted for as interest in an associate
           using the equity method under HKAS 28 “Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures” as the Group has
           significant influence over the financial and operating decisions but not control of Nantong Jianghai.

   Note 2: During the year ended 31 March 2023, the shares of Suzhou QingYue have been listed on the Science and
           Technology Innovation Board of Shanghai Stock Exchange and trading of the shares have commenced on 28
           December 2022. Immediately after the Listing, the Group’s shareholding in Suzhou QingYue has decreased
           from 35.10% to 28.08%. The directors determines that the Group retains significant influence over Suzhou
           QingYue and accounts for the transaction as a deemed partial disposal of its investment in Suzhou QingYue.
           The Group compares the carrying amount of the disposed interest to its share of the cash subscribed by
           the other investors in order to calculate the dilution gain or loss resulting from this deemed partial disposal
           for the year ended 31 March 2023. This results in the recognition of a dilution gain of HK$196,761,000 in
           the consolidated financial statements of the Group. Following the partial disposal, the investment in Suzhou
           QingYue continues to be accounted for using the equity method with the Group’s share of profit or loss and
           other comprehensive income from Suzhou QingYue based on its remaining 28.08% interest.

   Note 3: During the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group’s shareholding has decreased from 40.00% to 33.33%
           because of capital injection by other shareholder of Zaozhuang Reinno. Besides, the share of result from
           Zaozhuang Reinno exceeded its investment cost, therefore the Group ceased to share the loss from Zaozhuang
           Reinno during the current year.


   Summarised financial information of material associates
   The summarised financial information of the Group’s associates is set out below. The summarised
   financial information below represents the amount shown in the associates’ financial information
   prepared in accordance with HKFRSs adjusted by the Group for equity accounting purposes.


   All of these associates are accounted for using equity method in these consolidated financial
   statements.


   Nantong Jianghai
   Financial position

                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                          HK$’000              HK$’000


   Current assets                                                                        4,754,663           4,701,192
   Non-current assets                                                                    3,116,333           3,062,312
   Current liabilities                                                                  (1,467,153)         (1,560,898)
   Non-current liabilities                                                                (315,429)           (438,867)




                                                Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24               97
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024



     19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
           Summarised financial information of material associates (Continued)
           Nantong Jianghai (Continued)
           Results for the year

                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                               HK$’000             HK$’000


           Revenue                                                                            5,190,237           5,372,957


           Profit for the year                                                                  749,830             761,606


           Other comprehensive expense for the year                                              (27,540)           (17,839)


           Total comprehensive income for the year                                              722,290             743,767


           Dividend received from the associate during the year                                   40,145             36,327


           Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest
           in Nantong Jianghai recognised in the consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                               HK$’000             HK$’000


           Net assets of Nantong Jianghai                                                     6,088,414           5,763,739
           Non-controlling interests of Nantong Jianghai                                        (39,154)            (27,382)
           Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in
             Nantong Jianghai                                                                   28.83%              29.10%
           The Group’s share of net assets of Nantong Jianghai                                1,744,002           1,669,280
           Other adjustments (note)                                                             (35,637)            (40,339)


           Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Nantong Jianghai                        1,708,365           1,628,941


           Note:   Other adjustments included share-based payment transaction at Nantong Jianghai granted to its employees
                   and the consideration in excess of the carrying amount of the non-controlling interests of Nantong Jianghai
                   upon acquisition of the additional interests in subsidiaries acquired by Nantong Jianghai.




98   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        For the year ended 31 March 2024



19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
   Summarised financial information of material associates (Continued)
   Suzhou QingYue
   Financial position
                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000


   Current assets                                                                 1,386,147         1,475,259
   Non-current assets                                                               964,279           991,991
   Current liabilities                                                             (789,764)         (554,935)
   Non-current liabilities                                                         (212,938)         (274,832)


   Results for the year
                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000


   Revenue                                                                          649,057         1,270,112


   (Loss) profit for the year                                                      (144,456)            39,537


   Other comprehensive income for the year                                                 –             2,716


   Total comprehensive (expense) income for the year                               (144,456)            42,253


   Dividend received from the associate during the year                                9,155                  –


   Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest
   in Suzhou QingYue recognised in the consolidated financial statements:

                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000


   Net assets of the Suzhou QingYue                                               1,347,724         1,637,483
   Non-controlling interests of Suzhou QingYue                                     (139,682)         (177,889)
   Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in
     Suzhou QingYue                                                                 28.08%            28.08%
   The Group’s share of net assets of Suzhou QingYue                                339,218           409,854
   Other adjustments (note)                                                          (3,448)           (3,642)


   Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Suzhou QingYue                        335,770           406,212

   Note:   Other adjustments included share-based payment transaction of Suzhou QingYue granted to its employees
           of Suzhou QingYue.



                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24        99
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024



      20. DEBT INVESTMENTS AT AMORTISED COST
                                                                                       2024            2023
                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000


            Debt investments                                                           6,940           18,305
            Impairment gain recognised                                                10,668           14,573


                                                                                      17,608           32,878


            At the end of both reporting periods, the Group’s debt investments at amortised cost mainly
            comprise listed bonds that are graded as speculative credit risk investments (Caa3 in Moody’s
            Rating Scale) as per globally understood definitions.


            On 4 September 2023, the issuer of the debt investments at amortised cost (the “Issuer”) announced
            the plan to seek for the consent of the bondholders for the further extension of the maturity date
            of all debt investments issued by the Issuer which extended matured date were originally during
            June 2024 to September 2025, by four years to June 2028 and September 2029. The consent of
            the bondholders were obtained by the Issuer for the extension of maturity date of debt investments
            during September 2023.


            Since the revised terms have resulted in a substantial modification from the original terms, the
            carrying amount of the debt investments of HK$10,347,000 (2023: HK$9,177,000) was derecognised
            and the fair value of the modified debt investments of HK$6,940,000 (2023: HK$17,897,000) was
            recognised at the date of modification. This resulted in a loss on derecognition of HK$3,407,000
            (2023: gain on derecognition of HK$8,720,000) which was recognised in the profit or loss for
            the year ended 31 March 2024. Subsequent to the modification of the debt investments, an
            impairment gain of HK$10,668,000 (2023: HK$14,573,000) was recognised in the profit or loss for
            the enhancement of credit risk of the modified debt investment.


            The credit-impaired effective interest rates of the modified debt investments are ranged from 1.1%
            to 4.6% per annum (2023: 1.8% to 11.5% per annum).


            Details of impairment assessment of debt investments at amortised cost are set out in note 34b.


      21. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
            The intangible assets represent club memberships with indefinite useful lives.


            The club memberships currently have a second hand market and have no foreseeable limit to their
            useful lives. The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the Group will continue to hold
            the club memberships and has the ability to do so. The club memberships have been tested for
            impairment in the current year by reference to their second hand market values and no impairment
            loss has been identified for the current or prior year.




100   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            For the year ended 31 March 2024



22. INVENTORIES
                                                                                           2024               2023
                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000


   Raw materials                                                                          31,014              41,514
   Work in progress                                                                       16,941              18,406
   Finished goods                                                                         89,645             124,763


                                                                                         137,600             184,683


23. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                           2024               2023
                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000


   Trade receivables                                                                     170,121             231,858
   Less: Allowance for credit losses (Note 34(b))                                         (7,473)            (13,842)


                                                                                         162,648             218,016

   Loan receivables (note a)                                                              11,309              46,332
   Other receivables                                                                       7,604               7,726
   Deposits                                                                                1,374                 895
   Prepayments                                                                            20,322              27,342


                                                                                         203,257             300,311


   Analysed for reporting purposes as:

   Non-current assets (note b)                                                             3,711               4,892
   Current assets                                                                        199,546             295,419


                                                                                         203,257             300,311

   Note a: Loan receivables mainly included:

          (i)     As at 31 March 2023, the principal of the unsecured loan to the shareholder of Suzhou QingYue,
                  an associate of the Group, amounting to RMB24,000,000 (equivalent to HK$27,430,000) which was
                  repayable in August 2023. The loan receivable carries interests at fixed rate of 4.35% per annum. The
                  loan was fully settled during the current year.

          (ii)    As at 31 March 2023, the principal of the secured loan to the shareholder of Zaozhuang Reinno,
                  associate of the Group, amounting to RMB14,000,000 (equivalent to HK$16,002,000) which was
                  repayable on demand in March 2024. The loan receivable carries interests at fixed rate of 2% per
                  annum. The loan was fully settled during the current year.

   Note b: Non-current assets include prepayments of property, plant and equipment as at 31 March 2024 and 2023.



                                               Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24             101
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024



      23. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
            At 1 April 2022, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to HK$264,201,000.


            The Group’s trade and other receivables that are denominated in currencies other than functional
            currencies of the relevant group entities, as stated in note 34b, amounted to HK$93,675,000 (2023:
            HK$142,178,000).


            The Group has a policy of allowing credit periods ranging from 30 days to 150 days.


            The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses, presented
            based on the invoice date.


                                                                                         2024             2023
                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000


            1 – 30 days                                                                 90,020          108,488
            31 – 60 days                                                                36,540           66,899
            61 – 90 days                                                                27,600           23,374
            91 – 120 days                                                                6,939           14,335
            Over 120 days                                                                1,549            4,920


                                                                                       162,648          218,016


            As at 31 March 2024, included in the Group’s trade receivables net of allowance for credit losses
            balance are debtors with aggregate carrying amount of HK$48,218,000 (2023: HK$77,158,000)
            which are past due as at the reporting date. Out of the past due balances, HK$5,463,000 (2023:
            HK$9,329,000) has been past due 90 days or more and is not considered as in default as the
            Group considered such balances could be recovered based on repayment history, the financial
            conditions and the current credit worthiness and future economy conditions of each customer. The
            Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.


            Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables are set out in note 34b.


      24. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
            Bank balances and cash comprise cash held by the Group and short-term bank deposits with an
            original maturity of three months or less.


            Bank balances are interest bearing at respective saving deposits rate in Hong Kong and in the
            PRC and the effective interest rates of the Group’s bank balances ranged from 0.001% to 5.200%
            (2023: 0.01% to 4.735%) per annum.




102   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2024



24. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (CONTINUED)
   The Group’s bank balances and cash that are denominated in currencies other than the functional
   currencies of the relevant group entities as stated in note 34b, amounted to approximately
   HK$31,929,000 (2023: HK$164,580,000).


   Details of impairment assessment of bank balances are set out in note 34b.


25. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
    (“FVTPL”)
                                                                                                2024                2023
                                                                                             HK$’000              HK$’000


   Unlisted equity investments (Note a)                                                      108,474                       –
   Investment in unlisted equity investment in limited
     partnership (Note b)                                                                      28,158                      –


                                                                                             136,632                       –


   Notes:


   (a)      During the current year, the Group invested RMB100,000,000 (equivalent to HK$108,300,000) for approximately
            1% equity interests in a private company, which is established in the PRC and principally engaged in the
            design, research and development and sales of graphics processing unit chips. These investments are not
            held for trading but for long-term strategic purposes.

   (b)      During the current year, the Group invested RMB26,000,000 (equivalent to HK$28,158,000) for approximately
            92.1% equity interests in a limited partnership which is established in the PRC. The Group does not have
            participate in making operating, investing and financing decisions of the partnership, accordingly, the directors
            of the Company consider the Company does not have control or influence over the partnership. These
            investments are not held for trading but for long-term strategic purposes.


26. ASSETS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE AND LIABILITIES
    ASSOCIATED WITH ASSETS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE
   On 12 March 2024, the Group entered into a shares purchase agreement to dispose of 20.02%
   of the equity interests in Nantong Jianghai Capacitor Company Ltd. (“Nantong Jianghai”) (the
   “Disposal”) to Zhejiang Construction Investment Group Company Limited, an independent third
   party incorporated in the PRC. Subsequent to the Disposal, the Group will account for its remaining
   8.81% shareholding in Nantong Jianghai as an investment measured at fair value through profit or
   loss in the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


   As at 31 March 2024, the carrying amount of the interest in Nantong Jianghai and the associated
   liabilities have been classified as assets and liabilities held for sale and are presented separately
   in the consolidated statement of financial position as the Disposal is expected to be completed
   within twelve months. As the net proceeds of the Disposal are expected to exceed the net carrying
   amount of the relevant assets and liabilities, no impairment loss has been recognised.



                                                  Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24                103
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024



      26. ASSETS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE AND LIABILITIES
          ASSOCIATED WITH ASSETS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE
          (CONTINUED)
            As at 31 March 2024, the assets and liabilities of Nantong Jianghai classified as held for sale are
            as follows:


                                                                                                         2024
                                                                                                      HK$’000


            Interests in associates classified as held for sale                                     1,708,365


            Deferred tax liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale                 82,710


      27. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                             2024       2023
                                                                                          HK$’000     HK$’000


            Trade payables                                                                119,234     153,475
            Accrued charges                                                                62,558      91,055
            Other payables                                                                 44,338      26,907


                                                                                          226,130     271,437


            The following is an aged analysis by invoice date of trade payables at the end of the reporting
            period:


                                                                                             2024       2023
                                                                                          HK$’000     HK$’000


            1 – 30 days                                                                    57,323       81,451
            31 – 60 days                                                                   16,758       27,544
            61 – 90 days                                                                   22,140       12,767
            91 – 120 days                                                                  12,725       15,831
            Over 120 days                                                                  10,288       15,882


                                                                                          119,234     153,475


            The credit period on purchase of goods is 30 days to 120 days.


            The Group’s trade and other payables that are denominated in foreign currencies, other
            than functional currencies of the relevant group entities, amounted to HK$38,526,000 (2023:
            HK$24,952,000).

104   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2024



28. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000


   Deposits received from customers                                             26,633           39,303


   As at 1 April 2022, contract liabilities amounted to HK$47,742,000.


   No significant financing component is involved for the above contract liabilities as they are realised
   within one year.


   The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised relates to carried-forward contract
   liabilities and how much relates to performance obligations that were satisfied in current year.


                                                                                    Amounts received
                                                                                           in advance
                                                                                          for sales of
                                                                                    displays products
                                                                                              HK$’000


   For the year ended 31 March 2024
   Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities
     balance at the beginning of the year                                                        39,303


   For the year ended 31 March 2023
   Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities
     balance at the beginning of the year                                                        47,742


   Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognised are as follows:


   Contract liabilities primarily relate to deposits from customers when the sale order is issued. The
   Group receives 30% to 100% (2023: 30% to 100%) of the contract value as deposits from certain
   new customers when the sale order is issued. The entire amount of contract liabilities will be
   recognised as revenue when the customers obtained the control of the products.




                                          Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24    105
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024



      29. BANK BORROWINGS
                                                                                    2024           2023
                                                                                 HK$’000         HK$’000


            Bank borrowings – unsecured                                            31,735           4,284


            Carrying amount of bank borrowings repayable based on
             scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements:
             Within one year                                                       31,735           4,284


            Amounts due within one year shown under current liabilities            31,735           4,284


            The bank borrowings are carried interest at a variable rate ranging from 1.50% to 6.45% (2023:
            2.51%) per annum for the year ended 31 March 2024.


      30. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                    2024           2023
                                                                                 HK$’000         HK$’000


            Lease liabilities payable:


            Within one year                                                         2,562           4,750
            Within a period of more than one year but not more than
             two years                                                              1,194           3,499
            Within a period of more than two years but not more than
             five years                                                               167           8,448


                                                                                    3,923          16,697
            Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under
                   current liabilities                                             (2,562)         (4,750)


            Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
             non-current liabilities                                                1,361          11,947


            The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities is 3.32% (2023:
            3.99%).




106   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 March 2024



31. DEFERRED TAXATION
   The deferred tax liabilities (assets) recognised and movements thereon during the current and
   prior years are as follows:


                                            Temporary                       Undistributed       Fair value
                                            Differences                             other       change of
                                          on interest in     Undistributed comprehensive         financial
                                            associates           profits in    income in             asset
                                                  (Note)       associates     associates         at FVTPL          Others         Total
                                                HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000


   At 1 April 2022                               34,323            50,559           1,625               –             (124)      86,383
   Withholding tax paid                          (2,176)           (4,060)              –               –                –       (6,236)
   Charge to profit or loss                      19,676            12,788               –               –                –       32,464
   Credit to other comprehensive income               –                 –            (177)              –                –         (177)
   Exchange differences                          (2,182)           (3,805)           (120)              –                –       (6,107)


   At 31 March 2023                              49,641            55,482           1,328               –             (124)     106,327
   Withholding tax paid                               –            (2,943)              –               –                –       (2,943)
   Charge to profit or loss                           –             6,509               –              43                –        6,552
   Credit to other comprehensive income               –                 –            (399)              –                –         (399)
   Exchange differences                          (2,606)           (3,174)            (65)              –              319       (5,526)


   At 31 March 2024                              47,035            55,874            864               43             195       104,011


   Note:    Pursuant to the non-public offering of shares of Nantong Jianghai in 2016 and public offering of shares of
            Suzhou QingYue in 2022, the Group’s interest in Nantong Jianghai and Suzhou QingYue increased, resulting
            in an increase in the temporary differences in interests in associates.


                                                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                                                       HK$’000                HK$’000


   The analysis includes those classified as held for sale:
     Current liabilities                                                                                     82,710                 –
     Non-current liabilities                                                                                 21,301           106,327


                                                                                                         104,011              106,327




                                                           Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24                  107
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024



      31. DEFERRED TAXATION (CONTINUED)
            Under the EIT Law, distributable profits earned by foreign investment enterprises since 1 January
            2008 are subject to withholding tax of 10% of profit distributed to non-resident investors. However,
            pursuant to the Arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
            for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion, the withholding tax
            aforementioned can be reduced to 5%, if the non-resident investor is a Hong Kong incorporated
            company, provided that the Hong Kong incorporated company beneficially owns no less than 25%
            of the PRC company.


            At the end of the reporting period, the Group had temporary differences, including unused tax
            losses, allowance for credit losses on trade and other receivables and interest receivables of
            debt investments at amortised cost, allowance of inventories, acceleration of depreciation, etc,
            amounted to HK$21,560,000 (2023: HK$23,650,000) available for offset against future profits.
            No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of such losses and temporary differences
            for both years due to the unpredictability of future profit streams. Included in unrecognised tax
            losses are HK$2,263,000 (2023: HK$1,653,000) that will expire within five years. The remaining
            unrecognised tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely.


            The Group has recognised a deferred tax liability for the Group’s share of the undistributed
            distributable profits earned by its PRC associates since 1 January 2008. Deferred tax liabilities
            in respect of the distributable profits retained by the Group’s PRC subsidiaries have not been
            recognised as the Group is able to control the timing of reversal of temporary differences of the
            subsidiaries and it is probable that the temporary differences will not be reversed in the foreseeable
            future.

      32. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                      Number               Share
                                                                                     of shares            capital
                                                                                          ’000           HK$’000


            Authorised ordinary shares of HK$0.2 each                                2,000,000           400,000


            Issued and fully paid
              At 1 April 2022                                                          993,081           198,616
              Share repurchased and cancelled                                          (16,899)           (3,380)


               At 31 March 2023                                                        976,182           195,236
               Share repurchased and cancelled                                         (20,008)           (4,001)


               At 31 March 2024                                                        956,174           191,235




108   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2024



32. SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)
   During the current year, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through SEHK as
   follows:


                                             Number of
                                               ordinary                                 Aggregate
                                              shares of         Price per share      consideration
   Month of repurchase                      HK$0.2 each        Highest        Lowest          paid
                                                    ’000          HK$           HK$       HK$’000


   April 2023                                      2,174           2.92           2.82          6,257
   June 2023                                       1,830           2.89           2.84          5,260
   July 2023                                       4,454           2.97           2.82         12,916
   August 2023                                     5,108           3.00           2.89         15,084
   September 2023                                  1,546           2.94           2.80          4,445
   October 2023                                    2,640           2.88           2.80          7,552
   November 2023                                     300           2.84           2.79            848
   December 2023                                   3,638           2.81           2.75         10,118
   January 2024                                    2,496           2.97           2.75          7,137
   March 2024                                      4,120           3.50           3.34         14,196


   Total                                          28,306                                       83,813


   Out of 28,306,000 ordinary shares repurchased, 17,752,000 ordinary shares were cancelled during
   the current year, while the remaining 10,554,000 repurchased ordinary shares will be cancelled
   subsequent to reporting period. In addition, 2,256,000 ordinary shares repurchased in March 2023
   were cancelled during the current year.


   None of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed
   securities during the current period.


33. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
   The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a
   going concern while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt
   and equity balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior years. The capital
   structure of the Group consists of equity attributable to equity holders of the Group, comprising
   issued share capital and reserves.


   The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a semi-annual basis. As part of this
   review, the directors of the Company consider the cost of capital and risks associated with each
   class of capital. Based on recommendations of the directors of the Company, the Group will balance
   its overall structure through the payment of dividends, new share issues and share repurchases
   as well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debt.


                                        Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   109
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024



      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
            34a. Categories of financial instruments
                                                                                          2024             2023
                                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000


                   Financial assets
                   At amortised cost                                                    353,410           606,160
                   Financial assets at FVTPL                                            136,632                 –


                   Financial liabilities
                   At amortised cost                                                    195,307           184,666
                   Derivative financial instruments                                           –             3,262


            34b. Financial risk management objective and policies
                   The Group’s financial instruments include derivative financial instruments, financial assets at
                   FVTPL, trade receivables, loan receivables, other receivables and deposits, debt investments
                   at amortised cost, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables, bank borrowings
                   and lease liabilities. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes.
                   The risks associated with these financial instruments include market risk (currency risk and
                   interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks
                   are set out below. The management of the Group manages and monitors these exposures
                   to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.


                   Market risks
                   (i)    Currency risk

                          Several group entities have foreign currency sales and purchases, which expose the
                          Group to foreign currency risk. Approximately 46% (2023: 52%) of the Group’s sales
                          are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the group entities
                          making the sale, whilst approximately 17% (2023: 18%) of purchases of raw materials
                          are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the group entities.




110   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2024



34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   34b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
        Market risks (Continued)
        (i)   Currency risk (Continued)

              The carrying amount of the Group’s significant monetary assets, including trade and
              other receivables, debt investments at amortised costs, cash and cash equivalents,
              monetary liabilities, including trade and other payables and intercompany balances,
              denominated at the currencies other than the functional currency of the relevant group
              entity, at the end of reporting period are as follows:


                                                    Assets                       Liabilities
                                                  2024           2023           2024             2023
                                              HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000


              HK$                                    –         76,650             82                67
              RMB                                1,577         22,725         24,176             7,226
              Taiwan dollars (“NT$”)             4,835          6,746            634               389
              Japanese Yen (“JPY”)                 337             84            917               616
              United States dollars
                (“US$”)                       229,899         444,527        150,028           155,002
              Swiss franc (“CHF”)                 120           2,914              –                 –


              The Group uses foreign exchange forward contracts to reduce certain foreign currency
              risk exposure between USD and RMB. At 31 March 2024, the Group has entered
              into forward contracts in relation to the foreign currency amounting to HK$nil (2023:
              HK$212,735,000). The Group currently has a foreign exchange hedging policy and
              will consider hedging significant foreign exchange exposure should the need arises.




                                       Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24    111
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024



      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            34b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
                   Market risks (Continued)
                   (i)    Currency risk (Continued)

                          Sensitivity analysis

                          The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease in
                          the functional currencies of the relevant group entities against the relevant foreign
                          currencies. 5% is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk
                          internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment
                          of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis
                          includes outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their
                          translation at the year end for a 5% change in foreign currency rates. A positive
                          number below indicates an increase in post-tax profit where the functional currency
                          of the relevant group entities weaken 5% against relevant currencies. For a 5%
                          strengthening of the functional currency of the relevant group entities against the
                          relevant currencies, there would be an equal and opposite impact on the post-tax
                          profit, and the balances below would be negative.


                                                                                        2024            2023
                                                                                     HK$’000          HK$’000


                          HK$                                                              (3)           3,197
                          RMB                                                            (944)             647
                          NT$                                                             175              265
                          JPY                                                             (24)             (22)
                          CHF                                                               5              122


                          For the group entities with functional currency in HK$, as HK$ is pegged to US$,
                          the exposure of a fluctuation in exchange risk of HK$ against US$ is not considered
                          significant and thus the effect is not considered in the sensitivity analysis.


                          In management’s opinion, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent
                          foreign exchange risk as the year end exposure does not reflect the exposure during
                          the year.




112   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended 31 March 2024



34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   34b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
        Market risks (Continued)
        (ii)   Interest rate risk

               The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank
               balances (see note 24 for details).


               The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to debt instruments at
               amortised cost (see note 20 for details), loan receivables (see note 23 for details),
               bank borrowings (see note 29 for details) and lease liabilities (see note 30 for details).


               The directors of Company consider that cash flow interest rate risk is insignificant.
               The management continuously monitors interest rate fluctuations and will consider
               further hedging the interest rate risk should the need arise.


               Sensitivity analysis

               No sensitivity analysis is presented since the directors of the Company consider the
               exposure of cash flow interest rate risk arising from variable-rate bank balances are
               limited due to their short maturities.

        Credit risk and impairment assessment
        At the end of the reporting period, the carrying amount of the respective recognised financial
        assets stated in the consolidated statement of financial position as trade receivables, loan
        receivables, other receivables and deposits, debt investments at amortised cost and bank
        balances represents the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause of
        financial loss due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties.


        Trade receivables

        In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team
        responsible for determination of credit limits and credit approvals. Before accepting any
        new customer, the Group assesses the potential customer’s credit quality and defines
        corresponding credit limits. Credit quality and limit attributed to customers are reviewed
        regularly. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to
        recover overdue debts. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s
        credit risk is significantly reduced. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment
        under ECL model on trade balances based on individual assessment for those debtors with
        credit-impaired and/or collective assessment through grouping of various debtors that have
        similar loss patterns, after considering ageing, repayment history and/or past due status of
        respective trade receivables.




                                        Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24      113
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024



      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            34b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
                   Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
                   Trade receivables (Continued)

                   The amounts due from the Group’s five largest debtors which are all engaged in manufacturing
                   and trading of electronic consumer products in Hong Kong, Mainland China and United
                   States and with a good payment history, accounted for 20% (2023: 26%) of the Group’s total
                   trade receivables. The Group monitors the level of exposures to ensure that follow up actions
                   and/or corrective measures are taken promptly to lower the risk exposure or to recover the
                   overdue balances. Other than the above, the Group has no other significant concentration
                   risk, with exposures spread over a large number of counterparties and customers.


                   Loan receivables

                   The Group has a policy for assessing the impairment on loan receivables on individual basis.
                   The ECL rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates and forward looking
                   information, including but not limited to the historical settlement patterns and financial status
                   of each borrower, and forecasted global economy, respectively.


                   Based on assessment by the management, the probability of default is low in view of
                   the historical observed default rates, the credit quality classification and forward-looking
                   information, including but not limited to the historical settlement patterns and financial status
                   of each borrower and the management considers the ECL for loan receivables is insignificant
                   and therefore no loss allowance was recognised.


                   Other receivables and deposits

                   For other receivables and deposits, the management makes periodic individual assessment
                   on the recoverability of other receivables and deposits based on historical settlement
                   records, past experience, and also quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable
                   and supportive forward-looking information. The management believes that there are
                   no significant increase in credit risk of these amounts since initial recognition and the
                   management considers the ECL for other receivables and deposits is insignificant and
                   therefore no loss allowances was recognised.


                   Debt investments at amortised cost

                   The Group only invests in debt investments at amortised cost. The Group’s debt investments
                   at amortised cost mainly comprise listed bonds that are graded in speculative credit risk
                   investments (Caa3 in Moody’s Rating Scale) as per globally understood definitions. During
                   the year ended 31 March 2024, ECL on debt investments at amortised cost amounting to
                   HK$14,333,000 (2023: HK$56,584,000) is recognised in the profit or loss.




114   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the year ended 31 March 2024



34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   34b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
        Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
        Bank balances

        The credit risks on bank balances are limited because the counterparties are banks with
        high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.


        The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:


        Internal                                                                 Other
        credit rating   Description                       Trade receivables      financial assets


        Low risk        The counterparty has a low risk Lifetime ECL - not       12m ECL
                        of default and does not have    credit-impaired
                        any past-due amounts


        Watch list      Debtor frequently repays after    Lifetime ECL - not     12m ECL
                        due dates but usually settle in   credit-impaired
                        full


        Doubtful        There have been significant      Lifetime ECL - not      Lifetime ECL -
                        increases in credit risk since   credit-impaired         not credit-
                        initial recognition through                              impaired
                        information developed internally
                        or external resources

        Loss            There is evidence indicating the Lifetime ECL - credit- Lifetime ECL -
                        asset is credit-impaired         impaired               credit-impaired


        Write-off       There is evidence indicating    Amount is written off    Amount is
                        that the debtor is in severe                             written off
                        financial difficulty and the
                        Group has no realistic prospect
                        of recovery




                                      Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024



      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            34b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
                   Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
                   The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are
                   subject to ECL assessment:


                                                   External    Internal                                    Gross      Gross
                                                    credit      credit                                   carrying   carrying
                                           Notes    rating      rating      12m or lifetime ECL           amount     amount
                                                                                                             2024      2023
                                                                                                         HK$’000    HK$’000


                   Financial assets at
                     amortised cost
                   Debt investments at       20    (Note i)      N/A        Lifetime ECL                   6,940     18,305
                     amortised cost                                            (2023: Lifetime ECL)


                   Trade receivables         23      N/A       (Note iii)   Lifetime ECL                 163,446    218,695
                                                                               (collective assessment)
                                                                 Loss       Lifetime ECL                   6,675     13,163
                                                               (Note iii)      (individual assessment)


                   Loan receivables          23      N/A       (Note iv)    12m ECL                       11,309     46,332


                   Other receivables and     23      N/A       (Note iv)    12m ECL                        8,978      8,621
                     deposits


                   Bank balances             24    (Note ii)     N/A        12m ECL                      152,687    300,171




116   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              For the year ended 31 March 2024



34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   34b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
        Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
        Notes:


        (i)      The Group’s debt investments at amortised cost mainly comprise listed bonds that are graded in
                 the speculative credit risk investments (Caa3 in Moody’s Rating Scale) as per globally understood
                 definitions and therefore are considered to be speculative credit risk investments.


        (ii)     Bank balances are deposited with financial institutions with high credit rating (A1 to Aa3 in Moody’s
                 Rating Scale) and are considered low credit risk financial assets. The directors of the Company
                 consider these assets are short-term in nature and the probability of default is negligible on the basis
                 of high-credit ratings. Therefore, no impairment allowance are made on theses balances.


        (iii)    As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group applies internal credit rating for its customers.
                 The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables which
                 are assessed based on collective assessment within lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired). Debtors
                 with credit-impaired with gross carrying amounts of HK$6,675,000 as at 31 March 2024 (2023:
                 HK$13,163,000) were assessed individually.

        (iv)     For the purpose of internal credit risk management, the Group uses historical observed default rates
                 and forward looking information, including but not limited to the historical settlement patterns and
                 financial status of each borrower, and forecasted global economy, respectively, for loan receivables.
                 In addition, the management makes periodic individual assessment on the recoverability of other
                 receivables and deposits based on historical settlement records, past experience, and also quantitative
                 and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportive forward-looking information. The
                 management believes that there are no significant increase in credit risk of these amounts since initial
                 recognition and the Group provided impairment based on 12m ECL. For the years ended 31 March
                 2023 and 2024, no ECL allowance on other receivables is recognised in the profit or loss.




                                               Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24                 117
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024



      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            34b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
                   Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
                   Gross carrying amount

                                                                  2024                         2023
                                                           Average        Trade         Average          Trade
                                                          loss rate receivables        loss rate   receivables
                                                                 %     HK$’000                %       HK$’000


                   Internal credit rating
                   Low risk                                    0.20     114,548            0.21       172,026
                   Watch list                                  0.70      40,918            0.68        46,661
                   Doubtful                                    3.57       7,980            3.65             8
                   Loss                                         100       6,675             100        13,163


                                                                        170,121                       231,858


                   The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the
                   expected life of the debtors and forward-looking information that is available without undue
                   cost or effort. The grouping is regularly reviewed by the management of the Group to ensure
                   relevant information about specific debtors is updated.




118   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                              For the year ended 31 March 2024



34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   34b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
        Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
        Gross carrying amount (Continued)

        The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade
        receivables under the simplified approach.


                                                       Lifetime          Lifetime
                                                           ECL,              ECL,
                                                     not credit-           credit-
                                                      impaired          impaired            Total
                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000


        At 1 April 2022                                  10,995             7,556          18,551
        Changes due to financial instruments
          recognised as at 1 April 2022:
          – Transfer to credit-impaired                    (213)              213                –
          – Impairment loss recognised                        –               103              103
          – Impairment loss reversed                     (6,485)           (6,218)         (12,703)
        New financial assets originated                   8,904             1,961           10,865
        Exchange realignment                             (2,572)             (402)          (2,974)


        At 31 March 2023                                 10,629             3,213          13,842
        Changes due to financial instruments
          recognised as at 1 April 2023:
          – Transfer to credit-impaired                    (749)              749                –
          – Impairment loss recognised                        –               161              161
          – Impairment loss reversed                     (6,260)           (3,694)          (9,954)
        New financial assets originated                   3,334               332            3,666
        Exchange realignment                               (158)              (84)            (242)


        At 31 March 2024                                  6,796               677            7,473




                                     Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   119
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024



      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            34b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
                   Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
                   Changes in the loss allowance for trade receivables are mainly due to:


                                                                 2024                             2023
                                                        Increase/(decrease)             Increase/(decrease)
                                                           in lifetime ECL                 in lifetime ECL
                                                       Not credit-       Credit-       Not credit-        Credit-
                                                        impaired       impaired         impaired        impaired
                                                         HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000


                   Trade debtors with a
                     gross carrying amount
                     of HK$900,000
                     (2023: HK$1,270,000)
                     defaulted and transferred
                     to credit-impaired                       (749)            749           (213)            213


                   Settlement in full of trade
                     debtors with a gross
                     carrying amount of
                     HK$71,324,000
                     (2023: HK$137,413,000)                  (6,260)        (3,694)        (6,485)         (6,218)


                   New trade receivables with
                    gross carrying amount of
                    HK$106,901,000
                    (2023: HK$103,686,000)                   3,334             332          8,904           1,961


                   The Group writes off a trade receivable when there is information indicating that the debtor
                   is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the
                   debtor has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or
                   when the trade receivables are over two year past due, whichever occurs earlier.




120   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                              For the year ended 31 March 2024



34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   34b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
        Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
        The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for debt
        investments at amortised cost.


                                                                      Lifetime
                                                                   ECL, credit-
                                                          12m ECL    impaired               Total
                                                           HK$’000    HK$’000             HK$’000


        At 1 April 2022                                       1,256               –          1,256
        Changes due to financial instruments
          recognised as at 1 April 2022:
          – Transfer to credit-impaired                      (1,256)         1,256              –
          – Impairment loss recognised                            –         27,559         27,559
          – Settlement                                            –         (2,176)        (2,176)
          – Derecognition upon substantial
            modification                                           –       (26,639)        (26,639)
        New financial assets originated
          – Impairment loss recognised                             –        43,598         43,598
          – Derecognition upon substantial
            modification                                           –       (43,598)        (43,598)
          – Impairment gain recognised                             –       (14,573)        (14,573)


        At 31 March 2023                                           –       (14,573)        (14,573)
        Changes due to financial instruments
          recognised as at 1 April 2023:
          – Impairment loss recognised                             –        20,142         20,142
          – Derecognition upon substantial
            modification                                           –         (5,569)        (5,569)
        New financial assets originated
          – Settlement                                             –         (4,859)        (4,859)
          – Impairment gain recognised                             –         (5,809)        (5,809)


        At 31 March 2024                                           –       (10,668)        (10,668)




                                     Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   121
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024



      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            34b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
                   Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
                   Changes in the loss allowance for debt investments at amortised cost are mainly due to:


                                                                 2024                         2023
                                                        Increase/(decrease)         Increase/(decrease)
                                                           in lifetime ECL             in lifetime ECL
                                                       Not credit-       Credit-   Not credit-        Credit-
                                                        impaired       impaired     impaired        impaired
                                                         HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000


                   Debt investments at amortised
                    cost with a gross carrying
                    amount of nil
                    (2023: HK$40,300,000)
                    defaulted and transferred
                    to credit-impaired                            –           –        (1,256)         1,256


                   Settlement in full of debt
                     investments at amortised
                     cost with a gross carrying
                     amount of HK$5,204,000
                     (2023: HK$9,084,000)                         –      (4,859)            –           (278)


                   Debt investments at amortised
                    cost with a gross carrying
                    amount of HK$30,489,000
                    (2023: HK$70,964,000)
                    derecognised                                  –      (5,569)            –        (70,237)


                   New debt investments
                    at amortised cost with
                    gross carrying amount
                    of HK$6,940,000
                    (2023: HK$18,305,000)                         –      (5,809)            –        (14,573)




122   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     For the year ended 31 March 2024



34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   34b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
        Liquidity risk
        In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash
        and cash equivalents deemed adequate by the management of the Group to finance the
        Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management
        of the Group monitors the utilisation of banking facilities and ensures compliance with loan
        covenants.


        As at 31 March 2024, the Group’s banking facilities amounted to HK$285,700,000 (2023:
        HK$160,700,000) of which approximately HK$31,735,000 (2023: HK$4,284,000) were
        utilised for issuance of letters of credit and bank borrowings.

        Liquidity table

        The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial
        liabilities based on the agreed repayment terms. The tables have been drawn up based on
        the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the
        Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates for non-derivative financial liabilities are
        based on the agreed repayment dates.


        The table includes both interest and principal cash flows.


        In addition, the following table details the Group’s liquidity analysis for its derivative financial
        instruments. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted contractual net cash
        outflows on derivative instruments that settle on a net basis. The liquidity analysis for the
        Group’s derivative financial instruments are prepared based on the contractual settlement
        dates as the management of the Group considers that the settlement dates are essential
        for an understanding of the timing of the cash flows of derivatives.




                                         Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24        123
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024



      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            34b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
                   Liquidity risk (Continued)
                   Liquidity table (Continued)


                                                               Repayable
                                                 Weighted     on demand                                        Total
                                                   average        or less                               undiscounted   Carrying
                                              interest rate   than 1 year   1 to 2 years   2 to 5 years    cash flow    amount
                                                         %       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000


                   At 31 March 2024
                   Non-derivative financial
                     liabilities
                   Trade and other payables              –       163,572              –             –       163,572    163,572
                   Bank borrowings                    6.45        31,735              –             –        31,735     31,735


                   Other item:
                   Lease liabilities                  3.32         2,592          1,219           121          3,932      3,923


                                                                 197,899          1,219           121       199,239    199,230


                   At 31 March 2023
                   Non-derivative financial
                     liabilities
                   Trade and other payables              –       180,382              –             –       180,382    180,382
                   Bank borrowings                    2.51         4,284              –             –         4,284      4,284


                   Other item:
                   Lease liabilities                  3.99         5,316          4,367          8,465       18,148      16,697


                                                                 189,982          4,367          8,465      202,814    201,363


                   Derivatives
                   Foreign currency forward
                     contracts                                     3,262              –             –          3,262      3,262


                   The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments for non-derivative financial
                   liabilities are subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ to those estimates
                   of interest rates determined at the end of the reporting period.




124   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 March 2024



34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   34c. Fair value measurements of financial instruments
        Some of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at fair value for financial reporting
        purposes. In estimating the fair value, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it
        is available. Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the Group engages third party qualified
        valuers to perform the valuation or to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and
        inputs to the model.

        Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at
        the end of each reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair
        values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the
        valuation technique(s) and inputs used).

                                                                          Fair value   Valuation technique(s)          Significant
        Financial assets                          Fair value as at        hierarchy    and key input(s)                unobservable input(s)
                                               31 March       31 March
                                                   2024            2023
                                                HK$’000        HK$’000


        Financial assets at FVTPL
        – Unlisted equity investment            108,474              –    Level 3      Binomial option pricing model   Expected volatility of
                                                                                                                       62.49% (Note)

        – Investment in unlisted equity          28,158              –    Level 2      Recent transaction price        N/A
          investment in partnership

                                                                          Fair value   Valuation technique(s)          Significant
        Financial liabilities                     Fair value as at        hierarchy    and key input(s)                unobservable input(s)
                                               31 March       31 March
                                                   2024            2023
                                                HK$’000        HK$’000


        Derivative financial instruments
        – Foreign currency forward contracts           –        (3,262)   Level 2      Future cash flows are estimated N/A
                                                                                       based on forward exchange (from
                                                                                       observable forward exchange
                                                                                       at the end of the reporting
                                                                                       period) and contracted forward
                                                                                       rates, discounted at rates that
                                                                                       reflect the credit risk of various
                                                                                       counterparties.

        Note:      An increase in the expected volatility used in isolation would result in a increase in the fair value
                   measurement of the unlisted equity investment, and vice versa. A 5% increase/decrease in the
                   expected volatility holding all other variables constant would increase/decrease the carrying amount
                   of the unlisted equity investment by HK$1,350,000.



                                                     Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24                             125
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024



      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            34d. Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements
                                                                                                        Unlisted
                                                                                                          equity
                                                                                                     Investment
                                                                                                        HK$’000


                   At 31 March 2023                                                                            –
                   Additions                                                                             108,300
                   Change in fair value credited to profit or loss                                           174


                   At 31 March 2024                                                                      108,474


                   Of the total gain for the year included in profit or loss, HK$174,000 gain relates to financial
                   assets measured at FVTPL held at the end of the current reporting period. Fair value gains
                   or losses on financial assets measured at FVTPL are included in ‘other gains and losses’.


                   Except as detailed in the above table, the fair value of the Group’s financial assets and
                   financial liabilities are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis:


                   –      The fair value of other financial assets and financial liabilities are determined in
                          accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on a discounted cash flow
                          analysis.


                   –      The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets
                          and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial
                          statements approximate their fair values, except for the debt investments at amortised
                          cost which were detailed below.




126   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended 31 March 2024



34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   34d. Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements (Continued)
         Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are
         not measured at fair value on a recurring basis
         Except as detailed in the following table, the management considers that the carrying
         amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recognised in the consolidated financial
         statements approximate their fair values.


         As at 31 March 2024


                                      Carrying                     Fair value
         Financial assets              amount       Fair value     hierarchy      Key input
                                       HK$000         HK$000


         Debt investments at                                                      Quoted bid price in
          amortised cost                17,608          12,973         Level 1    an active market


         As at 31 March 2023


                                       Carrying                      Fair value
         Financial assets               amount      Fair value        hierarchy   Key input
                                       HK$000        HK$000


         Debt investments at                                                      Quoted bid price in
          amortised cost                32,878          37,164         Level 1    an active market


         The carrying amount includes accrued interest receivables.


35. CAPITAL COMMITMENT
                                                                               2024             2023
                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


   Expenditure contracted for but not provided in the consolidated
     financial statements in respect of:
     – Acquisition of plant and machinery and construction in
          progress                                                           121,321             1,588




                                        Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24    127
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024



      36. OPERATING LEASES
            The Group as lessor
            All of the properties held for rental purposes have committed leases for the next 2 years.


            Undiscounted lease payments receivable on leases are as follows:


                                                                                         2024             2023
                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000


            Within one year                                                              1,238             1,046


      37. SHARE AWARD SCHEME
            The purpose of the share award scheme is to recognise and motivate the contribution of certain
            qualifying person and to provide incentives and help the Group in retaining its existing qualifying
            person and recruiting additional qualifying person for the continual operation and development of
            the Group and to provide them with a direct economic interest in attaining the long-term business
            objectives of the Company.


            The share award scheme of the Company was adopted by the board of directors on 24 October
            2012. Pursuant to the share award scheme, existing shares will be purchased by the trustee from
            the market out of cash contributed by the Group and be held in trust for the relevant selected
            participants until such shares are vested upon retirement age or from the sixth year of grant with
            the relevant selected participants in accordance with the provisions of the scheme, whichever is
            earlier. When the selected participant has satisfied all vesting conditions specified by the board at
            the time of making the award and become entitled to the shares forming the subject of the award,
            the trustee shall transfer the relevant vested shares to that qualifying person.


            Recognition of equity-settled share-based payment expenses under share award scheme during
            the year was approximately HK$4,562,000 (2023: HK$1,538,000).




128   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      For the year ended 31 March 2024



37. SHARE AWARD SCHEME (CONTINUED)
   Details of specific categories of share awards are as follows:


   Date of grant                    Vesting period                                  Number of shares
                                                                                     As at 31 March
                                                                                      2024        2023


   16 August 2013                   From 1 April 2019 to 31 March 2024                    –       272,000
   25 August 2014                   From 1 April 2020 to 31 March 2025              178,800       557,600
   25 September 2015                From 1 April 2021 to 31 March 2026              268,000       582,000
   27 September 2016                From 1 April 2022 to 31 March 2027              498,000       928,000
   29 August 2017                   From 1 April 2023 to 31 March 2028              688,000     1,070,000
   29 October 2018                  From 1 April 2024 to 31 March 2029            1,180,000     1,860,000
   3 December 2019                  From 1 April 2025 to 31 March 2030            1,880,000     2,560,000
   18 April 2023                    From 1 April 2026 to 31 March 2033            1,560,000             –
   31 March 2024                    From 1 April 2029 to 31 March 2034            1,360,000             –


                                                                                  7,612,800     7,829,600


   Movements in the number of unvested awarded shares were as follows:


                                                                                        Number of shares


   At 1 April 2022                                                                              9,292,800
   Vested (Note)                                                                               (1,058,400)
   Forfeited                                                                                     (404,800)


   At 31 March 2023                                                                             7,829,600
   Granted                                                                                      3,840,000
   Vested (Note)                                                                               (4,056,800)


   At 31 March 2024                                                                             7,612,800


   All the awarded shares are purchased from the market.

   Note:   These represent awarded shares vested during the year.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   129
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024



      38. RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS
            The Group participates in the MPF Scheme for all qualifying employees in Hong Kong. The assets
            of the MPF Schemes are held separately from those of the Group, in funds under the control
            of trustees. The Group contributes 5% of the relevant payroll costs to the MPF Scheme, which
            contribution is matched by employees.


            The retirement benefit scheme contributions arising from the MPF Scheme charged in profit or
            loss represent contributions paid or payable to the funds by the Group at rates specified in the
            rules of the schemes.


            The employees of the group entities in the PRC are members of a state-managed retirement benefit
            scheme operated by the government in the PRC. The group entities are required to contribute a
            specified percentage of payroll costs to the retirement benefit scheme to fund the benefits. The
            only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefit scheme is to make the specified
            contributions.




130   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       For the year ended 31 March 2024



39. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING
    ACTIVITIES
   The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including
   both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which
   cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of
   cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.


                                                                                 Dividend
                                                                                  payable
                                                                                   to non-
                                           Bank            Lease      Dividend controlling
                                      borrowings       liabilities     payable   interests              Total
                                          HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000
                                           (Note)


   At 1 April 2022                         12,033          7,415             –               –        19,448
   Financing cash flows                    (8,196)        (5,422)     (241,106)         (5,673)     (260,397)
   New lease entered (Note 17)                  –         14,630             –               –        14,630
   Interest expenses                          605            338             –               –           943
   Declaration of dividend                      –              –       241,106           5,673       246,779
   Exchange realignment                      (158)          (264)            –               –          (422)


   At 31 March 2023                         4,284         16,697              –             –         20,981
   Financing cash flows                    26,661         (5,184)       (94,257)      (17,235)       (90,015)
   New lease entered (Note 17)                  –          2,676              –             –          2,676
   Lease modified                               –        (10,464)             –             –        (10,464)
   Interest expenses                          662            490              –             –          1,152
   Declaration of dividend                      –              –         94,257        17,235        111,492
   Exchange realignment                       128           (292)             –             –           (164)


   At 31 March 2024                        31,735          3,923               –              –       35,658


   Note:   The financing cash flows from bank borrowings make up the net amount of new bank borrowings raised,
           repayment of bank borrowings and interest paid in the consolidated statement of cash flows.




                                            Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24       131
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024



      40. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            Saved as the transactions and balances with related parties disclosed in the consolidated statement
            of financial position and note 12, the Group entered into the following transactions with related
            parties.


            40a. Transactions with related parties
                                                                                       2024             2023
                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000


                   Interest income from loans to shareholders of associates               526            1,449


            40b. Compensation of key management personnel
                   The remuneration of key management personnel during the year was as follows:


                                                                                       2024             2023
                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000


                   Short-term benefits                                                10,269             9,394
                   Share-based payment expenses                                        1,885               477
                   Post-employment benefits                                              461               368


                                                                                      12,615            10,239


                   The remuneration of directors of the Company who are also key management personnel, is
                   determined by the remuneration committee having regard to the performance of individual
                   and market trends.




132   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2024



41. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE
    COMPANY
                                                                              2024             2023
                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


   Non-current assets
   Investments in subsidiaries                                               83,414           83,394
   Amounts due from subsidiaries                                            101,442          107,752
   Debt investments at amortised cost                                        17,608           32,878


                                                                            202,464          224,024


   Current assets
   Amounts due from subsidiaries                                            429,497          174,280
   Other receivables                                                            410              483
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                  5,944          122,426


                                                                            435,851          297,189


   Current liabilities
   Accrued charges                                                            7,930            6,577
   Amounts due to subsidiaries                                              142,673           65,180


                                                                            150,603           71,757


   Net current assets                                                       285,248          225,432


                                                                            487,712          449,456


   Capital and reserves
   Share capital                                                            191,235          195,236
   Reserves                                                                 296,477          254,220


                                                                            487,712          449,456




                                        Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   133
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024



      41. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE
          COMPANY (CONTINUED)
            Movement of reserves
                                                                                                      Shares
                                                                               Capital     Share     held for
                                                                    Share redemption       award share award Contributed      Other    Retained
                                                                 premium      reserve    reserve     scheme     surplus     reserve      profits     Total
                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000
                                                                                                                   (Note)


            At 1 April 2022                                       110,750       11,444    11,682      (27,712)     49,259         –      80,018    235,441
            Profit and total comprehensive income for the year          –            –         –            –           –         –     321,790    321,790
            Repurchase and cancellation of ordinary
              shares (note 32)                                          –        3,831         –            –          –       (451)    (57,745)    (54,365)
            Shares purchased for share award scheme                     –            –         –       (9,170)         –          –           –      (9,170)
            Recognition of equity-settled share-based payment
              expenses under share award scheme (note 37)               –           –      1,538           –           –          –           –       1,538
            Shares vested under share award scheme (note 37)            –           –     (1,776)      3,408           –          –      (1,632)          –
            Dividends recognised as distribution (note 14)              –           –          –           –           –          –    (241,014)   (241,014)


            At 31 March 2023                                      110,750       15,275    11,444      (33,474)     49,259      (451)    101,417    254,220
            Profit and total comprehensive income for the year          –            –         –            –           –         –     218,145    218,145
            Repurchase and cancellation of Ordinary
              shares (note 32)                                          –        5,661         –            –          –     (1,660)    (83,813)    (79,812)
            Shares purchased for share award scheme                     –            –         –       (6,381)         –          –           –      (6,381)
            Recognition of equity-settled share-based payment
              expenses under share award scheme (note 37)               –           –      4,562           –           –          –           –       4,562
            Shares vested under share-Award scheme (note 37)            –           –     (8,459)     11,740           –          –      (3,281)          –
            Dividends recognised as Distribution (note 14)              –           –          –           –           –          –     (94,257)    (94,257)


            At 31 March 2024                                      110,750       20,936     7,547      (28,115)     49,259    (2,111)    138,211    296,477


            Note:      The contributed surplus of the Company represents the difference between the consolidated shareholders’
                       funds of Yeebo (B.V.I.) Limited at the date on which it was acquired by the Company, and the nominal amount
                       of the Company’s shares issued for the acquisition at the time of the group reorganisation prior to the listing
                       of the Company’s shares in 1993. Under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended), the contributed
                       surplus account of the Company is available for distribution. However, the Company cannot declare or pay a
                       dividend, or make a distribution out of the contributed surplus, if:

                       (a)         it is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities as they become due; or

                       (b)         the realisable value of its assets would thereby be less than the aggregate of its liabilities and its
                                   issued share capital and share premium accounts.




134   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 March 2024



42. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
   (a)   Details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries at 31 March 2024 and 2023
         were as follows:
                                                                     Place of                               Percentage of nominal
                                                      Legal          incorporation or Issued and fully      value of issued shares/
                                                      form of        registration/       paid up share/     registered capital held
         Name of subsidiaries                         business       operations       registered capital       by the Company          Principal activities
                                                                                                                 2024           2023


         Billion Power (Notes 1 and 2)                Incorporated   Hong Kong                     HK$1         100%          100%     Investment holding


         Crown Capital (Notes 1, 2 and 3)             Incorporated   BVI                      US$8,502        47.05%         47.05%    Investment holding


         Faith Crown International Limited (Note 1)   Incorporated   BVI                           US$1         100%          100%     Investment holding


         Jiangmen Yeebo Electronic Technology         Wholly-owned   The PRC              US$3,708,314          100%          100%     Manufacture of LCMs
           Limited (Note 1)                           foreign                          registered capital
           江門億都電子科技有限公司                               enterprise


         Jiangmen Yeebo Semiconductor                 Wholly-owned   The PRC             US$23,000,000          100%          100%     Manufacture of LCDs
           Co., Limited (Note 1)                      foreign                          registered capital                              and LCMs
           江門億都半導體有限公司                                enterprise


         Yeebo (B.V.I.) Limited (Notes 1 and 2)       Incorporated   BVI                      US$8,100          100%          100%     Investment holding


         Yeebo Display Limited (Note 1)               Incorporated   Hong Kong                     HK$1         100%          100%     Trading of LCDs
                                                                                                                                       and LCMs


         Yeebo LCD Limited (Note 1)                   Incorporated   Hong Kong               HK$10,000          100%          100%     Trading of LCDs and
                                                                                                                                       LCMs and investment
                                                                                                                                       holding


         Yeebo Manufacturing Limited (Note 1)         Incorporated   Hong Kong               HK$10,000          100%          100%     Trading of LCDs and
                                                                                                                                       LCMs


         DMB Technics AG (Note 1)                     Wholly-owned   Switzerland            CHF400,000           51%           51%     Trading of LCDs and
                                                      foreign                                                                          LCMs
                                                      enterprise




                                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24                                   135
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024



      42. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
          (CONTINUED)
            (a)    Details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries at 31 March 2024 and 2023
                   were as follows: (Continued)
                   Note 1: In the opinion of the directors, these subsidiaries principally affected the results for the year or formed
                           a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the
                           opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.


                   Note 2: The shares of these subsidiaries are directly held by the Company and the remaining subsidiaries are
                           indirectly held by the Company.


                   Note 3: Crown Capital is considered as a subsidiary of the Group even though the Group has only a 47.05%
                           ownership interest and has only 47.05% of the voting rights in Crown Capital since the date of
                           incorporation and the remaining 52.95% of the ownership interests are held by seven independent
                           shareholders. The Group has a sufficiently dominant voting interest to direct the relevant activities of
                           Crown Capital and therefore the Group has control over Crown Capital.


                   None of the subsidiaries had any debt capital outstanding at the end of the year or at any
                   time during the year.


            (b)    Details of non-wholly owned subsidiary that have material non-controlling
                   interests
                   The table below shows details of the non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company that has
                   material non-controlling interests:


                                                              Place of
                                                        incorporation          Proportion of
                                                         and principal   ownership interests and
                                                                 place     voting rights held by       (Loss) profit allocated to          Accumulated
                   Name of subsidiary                     of business    non-controlling interests     non-controlling interests      non-controlling interests
                                                                               2024             2023        2024               2023        2024              2023
                                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000


                   Crown Capital                                  BVI       52.95%           52.95%        (5,568)          30,929       61,222           71,468
                   Individual immaterial subsidiaries
                     with non-controlling interests                                                       15,581            15,206       35,275           35,604


                                                                                                          10,013            46,135       96,497          107,072


                   Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s subsidiary that has a material
                   non-controlling interest is set out below. The summarised financial information below
                   represents amounts before intragroup eliminations.




136   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended 31 March 2024



42. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
    (CONTINUED)
   (b)   Details of non-wholly owned subsidiary that have material non-controlling
         interests (Continued)
         Crown Capital
                                                                              2024             2023
                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


         Current assets                                                      26,543           26,415


         Current liabilities                                                (13,351)          (15,504)


         Non-current assets                                                 102,431          124,063


         Equity attributable to owners of the Company                        54,401           63,506


         Non-controlling interests                                           61,222           71,468


         Gain on deemed disposal of an associate                                  –           54,383
         Share of results of an associate                                   (11,211)           3,688
         Other income                                                           695              341


         (Loss) profit for the year                                         (10,516)          58,412


         Other comprehensive expense                                          (6,365)          (3,389)


         (Loss) profit attributable to owners of the Company                  (4,948)         27,483
         Other comprehensive expense attributable to owners
           of the Company                                                     (2,995)         (1,595)
         (Loss) profit attributable to non-controlling interests              (5,568)         30,929
         Other comprehensive expense attributable to
           non-controlling interests                                          (3,370)          (1,794)


         (Loss) profit and total comprehensive (expense)
           income for the year                                              (16,881)          55,023




                                        Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24   137
      FINANCIAL SUMMARY



      RESULTS
                                                                For the year ended 31 March
                                                   2020           2021         2022       2023          2024
                                                 HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000


      Revenue                                    813,153       891,969    1,266,641    1,325,806     936,607


      Profit before income tax                   146,189       214,666     306,388      737,030      199,473
      Income tax expense                          (8,647)      (16,656)    (24,035)     (75,786)     (12,696)


      Profit for the year                        137,542       198,010     282,353      661,244      186,777


      Attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                    123,822       187,734     266,579      615,109      176,764
        Non-controlling interests                 13,720        10,276      15,774       46,135       10,013


                                                 137,542       198,010     282,353      661,244      186,777



      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES


                                                                      As at 31 March
                                                   2020         2021          2022        2023          2024
                                                 HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000


      Total assets                             2,131,409     2,532,000    2,978,212    3,114,070    2,906,940
      Total liabilities                         (293,225)     (374,318)    (486,248)    (455,213)    (405,646)


                                               1,838,184     2,157,682    2,491,964    2,658,857    2,501,294


      Equity attributable to owners
        of the Company                         1,805,460     2,103,385    2,424,257    2,551,785    2,404,797
      Non-controlling interests                   32,724        54,297       67,707      107,072       96,497


                                               1,838,184     2,157,682    2,491,964    2,658,857    2,501,294




138   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2023/24
