2022
Annual
Report   23
CONTENTS

Corporate Information                                                                         2
Directors and Senior Management                                                               3
Chairman’s Statement                                                                          7
Management Discussion and Analysis                                                            9
Corporate Governance Report                                                                 15
Directors’ Report                                                                           27
Independent Auditor’s Report                                                                35
Consolidated Statement of Proﬁt or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income                      41
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                                                43
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                 45
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                                        47
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                              49
Financial Summary                                                                          140




                                  Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   1
    CORPORATE INFORMATION



    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                     BRANCH REGISTRAR AND
    Mr. FANG Yan Tak, Douglas
                                                           TRANSFER OFFICE
    Mr. LI Kwok Wai, Frankie                               Tricor Secretaries Limited
    Mr. LEUNG Tze Kuen                                     17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    Mr. CHEN Shuang, JP#                                   16 Harcourt Road
    Mr. CHU Chi Wai, Allan*
                                                           Hong Kong
    Mr. LAU Yuen Sun, Adrian*
    Professor LAU Kei May*
                                                           PRINCIPAL BANKERS
    #
      non-executive director
    * independent non-executive director                   The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
                                                             Corporation Limited
    COMPANY SECRETARY                                      1 Queen’s Road Central
                                                           Hong Kong
    Mr. LAU Siu Ki, Kevin

    AUDITOR                                                UBS AG
                                                           Hong Kong Branch
    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu                               2 International Finance Centre
                                                           52/F, 8 Finance Street
    REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                           Central
    Victoria Place, 5th Floor                              Hong Kong
    31 Victoria Street
    Hamilton HM 10                                         Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
    Bermuda
                                                           23/F, Bank of China Centre
                                                           Olympian City
    HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL
                                                           11 Hoi Fai Road
    PLACE OF BUSINESS
                                                           West Kowloon
    7th Floor                                              Hong Kong
    On Dak Industrial Building
    2-6 Wah Sing Street
                                                           BNP Paribas
    Kwai Chung
                                                           Hong Kong Branch
    New Territories
                                                           59-63/F Two International Finance Centre
    Hong Kong
                                                           8 Finance Street
    PRINCIPAL REGISTRAR AND                                Central
    TRANSFER OFFICE                                        Hong Kong

    Ocorian Management (Bermuda) Limited
    Victoria Place, 5th Floor
    31 Victoria Street
    Hamilton HM 10
    Bermuda




2   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                                   DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
FANG Yan Tak, Douglas, aged 50, is the Chairman of the Company and currently a director at Fang
Brothers Holdings Limited (“Fang Brothers”) and its various affiliated companies. Prior to joining Fang
Brothers, he worked at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, an investment bank in the United States of America.
Mr. Fang received his Bachelor of Science degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1995.
Mr. Fang was appointed as a Non-executive Director in June 2014, and re-designated as an executive
director and appointed as the Chairman in September 2022.

LI Kwok Wai, Frankie, aged 65, is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company responsible for planning
and developing corporate strategies, corporate policies setting and overall management of the Group. He
is also a director of various subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Li graduated from the Hong Kong University
majoring in Business Management and has substantial experience in banking and corporate finance. Mr.
Li joined the Company as a Director in November 1995.

LEUNG Tze Kuen, aged 60, is responsible for the planning and developing finance strategies, direct
investment management and policy setting of the Group. He is also a director of various subsidiaries of
the Company. Mr. Leung graduated from the Chinese University of Hong Kong majoring in Accounting.
He also holds a MBA degree from Monash University, Australia. He is a member of CPA Australia. He has
extensive experience in operational and financial management. Mr. Leung was appointed as an Executive
Director of the Company in September 2007.

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
CHEN Shuang, JP, aged 55, is currently the founding and managing partner of APlus Partners Management
Co. Limited. Mr. Chen is also an independent non-executive director of Shanghai Zendai Property Limited,
a company listed in The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Previously Mr. Chen was an independent
director of China Life Property & Casualty Insurance Company Limited and an independent director of
Guotai Asset Management Co., Ltd., the chief executive officer and president of CIMC Capital Holdings
Limited and also the chairman and president of CIMC Capital International Co. Ltd., a director and deputy
general manager of China Everbright Holdings Co., Ltd.; an executive director, the chief executive officer
and the chairman of the management decision committee of China Everbright Limited. Mr. Chen was also
a director of a number of listed and private companies in Hong Kong and People’s Republic of China. In
addition, he also serves in various public offices including as a non-official member of the Governance
Committee of the Hong Kong Growth Portfolio, a member of the board of directors of Hong Kong Science
and Technology Parks Corporation, a member of the Exchange Fund Advisory Committee’s Financial
Infrastructure and Market Development Sub-Committee of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. Mr. Chen
graduated from the East China University of Political Science and Law with a Master of Law degree and
a Diploma in Legal Studies from the School of Professional and Continuing Education of the University of
Hong Kong. He is a qualified lawyer in the People’s Republic of China and a senior economist. Mr. Chen
has over 30 years of experience in commercial and investment banking. Mr. Chen joined the Company
as an Independent Non-executive Director in September 2019 and was re-designated as a Non-executive
Director in December 2020.




                                            Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   3
    DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
    CHU Chi Wai, Allan, aged 71, has over 51 years’ experience in the electronics industry. Mr. Chu is the
    Executive Director of Fairable Investment Limited which is an investment holding company. Mr. Chu joined
    the Company as an Independent Non-executive Director in August 1998.

    LAU Yuen Sun, Adrian, aged 68, holds a Bachelor Degree in Commerce from the University of Windsor,
    Canada and has years of experience in banking and investment. Mr. Lau had worked for the National
    Bank of Canada as the vice president of Asia region as well as the general manager of the Hong Kong
    branch from September 1994 to December 1996. He has served directorships in various listed companies
    in Hong Kong. Mr. Lau joined the Company as an Independent Non-executive Director in May 2004.

    LAU Kei May, aged 68, is a Chair Professor of the Department of Electronic & Computer Engineering at
    the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (“HKUST”). Prof. Lau received the B.S. and M.S.
    degrees in physics from the University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, and the PhD, Degree in Electrical
    Engineering from Rice University, Houston, Texas. Before joining HKUST in 2000, she had a brief stint
    in the electronics industry, and was a professor at the University of Massachusetts/Amherst for 18 years.
    Prof. Lau is a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (“IEEE”), the Optical Society
    (“OSA”) and the Hong Kong Academy of Engineering Sciences. She is also a recipient of the Institute of
    Engineering and Technology (IET) J J Thomson Medal for Electronics, OSA Nick Holonyak Jr. Award,
    IEEE Photonics Society Aron Kressel Award, and Hong Kong Croucher Senior Research Fellowship. She
    served as an editor of professional journals in her field. Prof. Lau joined the Company as an Independent
    Non-executive Director in March 2021.

    COMPANY SECRETARY
    LAU Siu Ki, Kevin, aged 64, is the Company Secretary of the Company. Mr. Lau graduated from the Hong
    Kong Polytechnic and is a fellow member of both the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants as
    well as the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He has extensive experience working in
    or with listed companies in Hong Kong. Mr. Lau joined the Company in May 2004.

    SENIOR MANAGEMENT
    TSUI Siu Keung, aged 49, is the President responsible for the formation of overall strategic planning,
    business development and business management of LCD, LCM and CTP products. Mr. Tsui graduated
    from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University with a degree in manufacturing engineering. Mr. Tsui has
    over 23 years of experience in customer service management, sales, and marketing. Mr. Tsui has been
    involved in product development management since 2018. Mr. Tsui joined the Group in 2000.

    YANG Zhao Hui, aged 51, is the Chief Executive Vice President responsible for the production
    management of Capacitive Touch Panel (“CTP”), touch screen display module and Physical Vapor
    Deposition(“PVD”), and the management of the factory’s equipment and power system. He has extensive
    experience in LCD and CTP manufacturing, PVD process, equipment management, maintenance and
    management of automation equipment and project management. Mr. Yang joined the Group in 2004.

    HUANG Wen Huei, aged 48, is the Executive Vice President and the General Manager of the branch
    office in Taiwan, and responsible for facilitating and developing new business. Mr. Huang obtain the
    bachelor degree in chemical engineering at National Taiwan University, and the master’s degree in
    business administration at FuJen Catholic University. He has over 21 years’ experience in management
    of marketing, R&D, quality assurance and process technology. Mr. Huang joined the Group in 2004.




4   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                                  DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



HAN Yu Zhong, aged 66, is the Executive Vice President responsible for the overall Liquid Crystal
Displays (“LCD”) and Liquid Crystal Display Modules (“LCM”) business operation. Mr. Han’s experience
has predominantly been gained in LCD manufacturing and business operations and has capitalized his
experience therefrom to carry out the Group’s business expansion plan. Mr. Han joined the Group in 1990.

JIA Xiu Juan, aged 60, is the Executive Vice President responsible for the financial management and
information technology of LCD and LCM business. Ms. Jia has extensive experience in accounting and
taxation. She graduated from Guangdong Academy of Social Sciences in the People’s Republic of China
(“PRC”) with a postgraduate diploma. Ms. Jia joined the Group in 1999.

CHEUNG Wai Man, aged 47, is the Vice President of the Group responsible for the direct investment
management, investor relations and financial management. Mr. Cheung graduated from The Hong Kong
Polytechnic University with a Bachelor of Arts (Honours) in Accountancy. He also holds a MBA degree
from Fudan University, the PRC. Mr. Cheung is a member of The Association of Chartered Certified
Accountants and the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Cheung has extensive
experience in auditing, mergers and acquisitions, operational and financial management. Mr. Cheung
joined the Group in 2023.

XIE Hong Jun, aged 45, is the Vice President responsible for sales and marketing for certain areas in
the PRC and overseas markets. Mr. Xie has 23 years’ experience in LCD material control and marketing.
Mr. Xie joined the Group in 2000.

XU Xiu Yan, aged 44, is the Vice President mainly responsible for sales and marketing for overseas
market. Ms. Xu graduated from Guangdong University of Foreign Studies with a bachelor’s degree in
Business Management. Ms. Xu has been working in the field of customer service management, sales
and marketing for over 20 years. Ms. Xu joined the Group in 2002.

Wu Geng Hau, aged 48, is the Vice President responsible for project management (“PM”) and research
and development (“R&D”). Mr. Wu obtains a master’s degree in engineering from Feng Chia University
in Taiwan. He has over 17 years’ experience in management of PM, R&D and process technology. Mr.
Wu joined the Group in 2006.

Yang Luan Xia, aged 46, is the Vice President responsible for the production and management of Liquid
Crystal Display Modules (“LCM and TFT modules”) and Capacitive Touch Panel module (“CTP”). Ms.
Yang has over 25 years’ experience of manufacturing and management experience in the LCD display
industry, and is adept at target management and overall planning. Ms. Yang joined the Group in 2009.

XIE Wen Zhen, aged 52, is the Senior Manager responsible for the purchases of LCD, LCM and CTP
and the material control. Ms. Xie graduated from Shaanxi University of Science & Technology with a
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering. Ms. Xie joined in the Group in 2001.

YANG Ying Jun, aged 56, is the Senior Manager and the Chief Accountant of the Group. Mr. Yang has
extensive experience in finance and accounting. He graduated from Xi’an University of Technology with
a Bachelor’s Degree. He is a member of both the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants and
the China Certified Tax Agents Association. He is an affiliate of the Association of Chartered Certified
Accountants. Mr. Yang joined the Group in 2005.




                                           Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   5
    DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



    CHEN Chuan Hao, aged 47, is the Senior Manager responsible for sales and marketing in Japan and
    Taiwan. Mr. Chen graduated from the Japanese Department of National Chengchi University of Taiwan,
    and has extensive experience in handling high-demand Japanese customers. Mr. Chen joined the Group
    in 2009.

    CHENG Yu Mei, aged 53, is the Senior Manager responsible for import and export business, logistics
    system management and factory safety management. She has over 20 years’ experience in supply chain
    management system, possessing extensive management experience and in-depth expertise. Ms. Cheng
    joined the group in 1994.

    LIU Xiu Zhen, aged 55, is the Senior Manager responsible for human resources training of the LCD
    and LCM factories. Ms. Liu has broad experience in systematization of factory management, and holds
    the Certified Human Resources Professional, Grade 1. Ms. Liu graduated from Hua Zhong University of
    Science and Technology in PRC with a Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering. Ms. Liu joined the Group in
    1993.

    WU Hong Jin, aged 54, is the Senior Manager responsible for the factory management in Guangxi
    province. Mr. Wu has 31 years experience in LCD industry. He graduated from South China Normal
    University. Mr. Wu joined the Group in 2013.

    Wang Xiao San, aged 49, is the Senior Manager responsible for PRC financial management, and has
    broad experience in finance, taxation and credit management. He is a senior accountant and a member
    of the China Certified Tax Agents Association. Mr. Wang joined the Group in 2006.

    CAO Jun, aged 45, is the Senior Manager mainly responsible for sales and marketing for overseas market.
    Mr. Cao graduated from Wuyi University with a bachelor’s degree in Telecommunications Engineering. Mr.
    Cao has been working in the field of customer service management, sales and marketing for 15 years,
    Mr. Cao joined the Group in 2008.

    MOU Li Chang, aged 41, is the Senior Manager responsible for PVD coating process and equipment
    management, LCD process management and information technology operations. Mr. Mou graduated
    from Chongqing University with a bachelor’s degree in Applied Physics. Mr. Mou has over 19 years of
    experience in product development and manufacturing and process management. Mr. Mou joined the
    Group in 2004.

    YANG Xiao Dong, aged 41, is the Senior Manager responsible for the development of LCD and Displays
    products and the management of customer technical support. Mr. Yang has over 18 years of senior
    technical work experience in the LCD industry and graduated from Hebei University of Technology, one
    of the Project 211 Universities in China, majoring in LCD Physics. Mr. Yang joined the Group in 2005.

    LUO Yong Sheng, aged 41, is the Senior Manager responsible for the engineering manufacturing and
    production technology control of the new TFT and CTP Display. Mr. Luo has 19 years of experience in
    engineering manufacturing and production technology control in LCD, LCM , touch screens, and touch
    screen display modules. Mr. Luo joined the Group in 2013.




6   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                                                              CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



Dear Shareholders,


On behalf of the board of Directors (the “Board”) of Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited, (“Yeebo” or
the “Company”), I present the results of the Company and its subsidiaries (which are collectively referred
to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31st March, 2023 (the “Year”).


Our financial performance in the Year has been nothing short of remarkable. Revenue increased by 4.7%
to HK$1.33 billion, while gross profit increased by 11.8% to HK$223.3 million. Profit attributable to equity
shareholders increased by 130.7% to HK$615.1 million. Such strong performance, notwithstanding the
considerable economic challenges and geopolitical tensions across the world, is a testament to our team’s
consistent hard work, and commitment to customer satisfaction.


Our strong financial results have afforded us the ability in enhancing our core competitiveness – we have
continued our intensity in research and development, broadened our new and superior product ranges,
and expanded and upgraded the production facilities. We have also been strategic and disciplined in
both broadening our customer base and planning our capacity. Our corporate goal has remained intact –
aspiring to be a leading operator in the advanced technology-based manufacturing industries.


In additional to the Group’s LCD and display modules business, its capacitor business, Nantong Jianghai
Capacitor Co., Ltd. (“Nantong Jianghai”), and its OLED business, Suzhou QingYue Optoelectronics
Technology Co., Ltd. (“Suzhou QingYue”) have continued to generate promising results.


Over the Year, Nantong Jianghai has solidified its market leading position in capacitors. It has continued
to offer the most comprehensive range of capacitors: (i) small to large-sized aluminium electrolytic
capacitors, (ii) thin film capacitors and (iii) supercapacitors. Revenue for the Year increased by 19.4% to
HK$5.4 billion. The Group’s share of profit of Nantong Jianghai increased by 18.1% to HK$228.6 million
for the Year.


During the Year, the Group disposed of 14,563,000 shares in Nantong Jianghai for a total gross
consideration of approximately HK$353.7 million and recognised a gain of approximately HK$241.5
million. As at 31st March, 2023, the Group held 245,021,000 shares in Nantong Jianghai with a market
value of HK$6.1 billion.


Suzhou QingYue is one of the global leaders in passive mode organic light emitting diode (“PMOLED”).
The Year also marked significant development and achievement in Suzhou QingYue’s strategic focus
in e-paper modules and micro-OLED. Revenue for the Year increased by 42.9% to HK$1.3 billion. The
Group’s share of profit of Suzhou QingYue decreased by 25.4% to HK$13.2 million which was mainly
due to the incurrence of one-off listing expenses.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23    7
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



    On 28th December, 2022, the shares of Suzhou QingYue were successfully listed on the Science and
    Technology Innovation Board of The Shanghai Stock Exchange (“Suzhou QingYue Listing”). The Group
    recognised a gain of approximately HK$196.8 million on deemed disposal pursuant to the Suzhou QingYue
    Listing during the Year. Suzhou QingYue Listing marked another milestone of Suzhou QingYue’s corporate
    development. As at 31st March, 2023, the Group held 126,345,600 shares in Suzhou QingYue with a
    market value of HK$1.7 billion.


    Despite the outstanding achievements during the Year, we must not become complacent. The global
    economic landscape is continuously evolving, and we are faced with numerous uncertainties and
    challenges that may impact our future performance. Market volatility, fickle consumers, rising cost of
    capital, persistent high inflation, and geopolitical tensions are just a few of the challenges that lie ahead.


    We remain optimistic about our long-term prospects. We are investing to position the Group for accelerated
    long term growth, focusing on both our core businesses as well as our growth businesses. We will also
    continue the Group’s transformation and strategic focus on advanced technology-based manufacturing
    industries.


    During the Year, the Company paid a special dividend of HK20 cents per share in December 2022. The
    Board also recommends a final dividend of HK5 cents and second special dividend of HK5 cents per
    share for the Year.


    On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our gratitude to our staff for their
    dedication and to our shareholders for their support.




    Fang Yan Tak, Douglas
    Chairman

    19th June, 2023




8   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
The Group recorded a consolidated revenue for the year ended 31st March, 2023 (the “Year”) of
approximately HK$1.33 billion (2022: HK$1.27 billion), representing an increase of 4.7% as compared with
that for the previous financial year. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was HK$615.1 million
(2022: HK$266.6 million), representing an increase of approximately HK$348.5 million. The significant
increase in profit was mainly due to the strong performance in the capacitor business, a gain on the
disposal of certain shares in Nantong Jianghai Capacitor Company Ltd. (“Nantong Jianghai”), and a gain
on the deemed disposal of the Group’s investments in Suzhou QingYue Optoelectronics Technology Co.
Ltd. (“Suzhou QingYue”) pursuant to the listing of its shares on the Science and Technology Innovation
Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange in December 2022 (the “Suzhou QingYue Listing”). The increase
was partially offset by an allowance for credit loss for debt investments at amortised cost.

With the protracted COVID-19 pandemic, the rising interest rate and inflation in many major economies,
unstable political situations such as the Russo-Ukrainian War and the tension between the People’s
Republic of China (the “PRC”) and the United States of America, the economic environment during the
Year was full of challenges. Nevertheless, we still managed to deliver remarkable results for the Year
which was attributable to the sound financial position of the Group and the resilience of its team.

Our products can be categorized into such main types as Liquid Crystal Display (“LCD”), Liquid Crystal
Display module (“LCM”), Thin Film Transistor module (“TFT”) and Capacitive Touch Panel module (“CTP”).
As we strategically focus on high-growth business segments such as industrial equipment, smart home
appliances and telecommunications, and on extending the range of our offerings from the small modules
to medium and large-sized display modules, the ongoing migration from pure LCD panels to LCM/TFT and
CTP continued during the Year. Sales of CTP and TFT increased by 57% and 35% to HK$320.6 million and
HK$278.9 million, respectively. Sales of LCD and LCM decreased by 23% and 12% to HK$180.7 million
and HK$545.6 million, respectively. The change in sales-mix was in line with our business development.

To cope with the challenging business environment, we applied strict control over material costs,
adopted agile inventory management and improved labour efficiency. As a result, gross profit increased
to HK$223.3 million for the Year from HK$199.7 million in the previous financial year while gross profit
margin increased to around 16.8% from 15.8%.

Other income amounted to approximately HK$31.9 million (2022: HK$16.6 million), representing an
increase of HK$15.3 million. The growth was mainly due to the increase in bank interest income,
government subsidy and interest income from debt investments.

The Group recorded an allowance for credit loss for debt investments at amortised cost for HK$56.6
million (2022: HK$1.3 million) for the Year. The Group has invested in notes (the “Greenland Notes”)
issued by Greenland Global Investment Limited (the “Issuer”). During the Year, the Issuer announced
that the maturity of all the notes issued by the Issuer will be extended by one to two years. As at 31st
March, 2023, the Group held Greenland Notes to the tune of a total face value of US$11.6 million, and
this is reflected in the consolidated statement of financial position as debt investments at amortised cost
at a carrying value of approximately HK$32.9 million. As at the date of this report, all interest payments
on the Greenland Notes and partial redemption of principal have been settled when due. It is the intention
of the Group to hold the Greenland Notes to maturity. The directors of the Company are monitoring the
situation closely and will take necessary actions where appropriate.


                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Selling and distribution expenses amounted to approximately HK$98.0 million (2022: HK$81.9 million).
     The increase was mainly due to the increase in promotional expenses and staff-related costs.


     Administrative expenses amounted to approximately HK$39.4 million (2022: HK$32.4 million). The
     increase was mainly attributable to the increase in legal and professional fees and staff-related costs.


     INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
     Investment in Nantong Jianghai
     Nantong Jianghai, the Group’s 29.1%-owned associate, mainly engages in the manufacture and sales of
     aluminium electrolytic, thin film and super capacitors, and the production and sales of aluminium foil for
     high-performance aluminium electrolytic capacitors.


     Nantong Jianghai continued to deliver impressive results for the Year. The Group’s share of Nantong
     Jianghai’s profit increased by 18.1% to HK$228.6 million.


     Nantong Jianghai reported a significant increase in sales by capitalizing on emerging industries including
     new energy, electric vehicles and energy storage. Production capacity for both aluminium electrolytic
     capacitors for new energy and thin film capacitors has expanded remarkably, enabling Nantong Jianghai
     to capture the prevailing market opportunities. In addition, the expansion in production capacity has
     resulted in a marked improvement in production efficiency and cost reduction which serves to enhance
     Nantong Jianghai’s competitive strengths.


     Nantong Jianghai’s effort in research and development has also successfully elevated the reliability of
     its products for new energy inverter and electric vehicle charging station, and upgraded its technical
     specification for multilayer polymer capacitors and energy-saving production process for aluminium foil. In
     addition, the uplift of the production yield and efficiency of thin film capacitors have led to an accelerated
     growth in the photovoltaic, energy storage and high-powered applications. Headway has also been made
     in developing pin-form super capacitors for applications and back-up solutions for computer servers and
     electric vehicles.


     During the Year, the Group divested a total of 14,563,000 shares in Nantong Jianghai for a total
     consideration of approximately HK$353.7 million and realised a gain of HK$241.5 million. The Group
     started investing in Nantong Jianghai in 2005 and since then the business of Nantong Jianghai has
     grown substantially. Management believes that realising part of its gain and using the proceeds from the
     disposal to capture other business opportunities is in the interests of the Company and its shareholders
     as a whole. After the disposal, the Group remains the largest shareholder of Nantong Jianghai. Nantong
     Jianghai continues to be an associate of the Group, and the results of Nantong Jianghai continue to be
     included through equity accounting in the Group’s financial statements.




10   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Investment in Suzhou QingYue
The Group’s share of profit from Suzhou QingYue, its 28.1%-owned associate, which engages in the sales
of organic light-emitting diodes (“OLED”), e-paper modules and Micro-OLED, amounted to approximately
HK$13.2 million in the Year, representing a decrease of 25.4% from approximately HK$17.7 million in the
previous financial year. The reduction in share of profit was due to the one-off listing expenses incurred
for the Suzhou QingYue Listing. Had the listing expenses been excluded, the share of profit would be
HK$22.6 million, representing an increase of 27.7%.


Pursuant to the Suzhou QingYue Listing, the Group recorded a gain of HK$196.8 million on deemed
disposal during the Year.


During the Year, Suzhou QingYue recorded a remarkable increase in sales. This was mainly attributable
to the strong growth of the e-paper module business. It is generated by the increasing adoption of
electronic price label in the supermarkets and retail chain stores. Moreover, e-paper modules’ excellent
characteristics of being ultra-thin, light and bendable, and requiring only low power consumption have
extended the scope of its applications to other devices such as e-paper display boards, e-paper watches
and electronic cards.


The technical advancement in passive mode OLED (“PMOLED”) has enabled the application of Suzhou
QingYue’s products to a wider range of industries such as healthcare, smart home applications, automotive
industrial controls, consumer electronics, and security products. Significant progress has also been made
in the product development of micro-OLED especially in the near-eye display market and Suzhou QingYue
is well-positioned to capture opportunities in the markets for augmented reality and virtual reality.


INCOME TAX
Effective tax rate in relation to the Group’s core business (income tax expenses excluding the withholding
tax on undistributed profits in associates as a percentage of profit before income tax excluding the share
of results of associates) was 13% (2022: 13%).


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
There are a number of factors affecting the results and business operations of the Group. The most
significant risk is the uncertainty in the economic environment, both globally and in the PRC, amidst the
continued tension between the PRC and the United States of America, the Russo-Ukrainian war as well
as the rising inflation and interest rates. Intense competition in the displays market will also affect the
profitability of the Group. Moreover, the shortage of labour and wage rises may also have an impact on
the cost structure of the Group.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
     The Group attaches great importance to corporate social responsibility, and environmental sustainability is
     one of its top priorities. The Group has put in place a systematic approach towards integrating green and
     sustainable practices in its operations, implementing measures in the areas of environmentally-friendly
     product design, carbon emission reduction, process management, energy and resource management and
     supply chain management to minimise the negative impact of the Group’s operations on the environment.
     Environmental protection facilities in the Group’s manufacturing plants have been upgraded, enhancing the
     processing and management of wastewater, gas emissions, general waste and recycled materials. Details
     of the Group’s strategies, efforts and performance with respect to environment, social and governance
     (“ESG”) for the Year are set out in the Group’s ESG Report, which will be uploaded onto the websites
     of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) and the Company in due course.


     COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
     The Group’s operations are mainly carried out in mainland China and Hong Kong, and the Company was
     incorporated in Bermuda and its shares listed on the Stock Exchange. During the Year, there has not
     been any cases of non-compliance with all the laws and regulations in the above-mentioned jurisdictions
     which have a significant impact on the operations of the Group.


     RELATIONSHIP WITH KEY STAKEHOLDERS
     Human resources are one of the greatest assets of the Group and the Group regards the personal
     development of its employees as a matter of the utmost importance. It is the objective of the Group
     to continue to be an attractive employer for committed employees. The Group strives to motivate its
     employees with a clear career path and opportunities for advancement and improvement of their skills.
     In addition, the Group offers competitive remuneration packages to the employees. The Group has also
     adopted a share award scheme to recognise and reward the employees for their contribution to the growth
     and development of the Group. The Group has developed long-standing relationships with a number of
     suppliers and taken great care to ensure that they share the Group’s commitment to quality and ethics.
     The Group also carefully selects its suppliers and requires them to satisfy certain assessment criteria
     including track records, experience, financial strength, reputation, ability to produce high-quality products
     and effectiveness of quality control. The Group is committed to offering a broad and diverse range of
     value-for-money, good-quality products to its customers. Management believes that the above objectives
     will help to enhance the value of the Company for its shareholders.


     PROSPECTS
     Although the Group foresees the external environment will still be challenging as it is characterised
     by high inflation and interest rates, tightened monetary policies and tension between the PRC and the
     United States of America, the Group is confident that, with its proven track records in executing business
     strategy, established client base and dedicated team, there are still tremendous opportunities for its long-
     term growth as it strengthens its presence in the CTP market, and expands its footprint in new markets
     in the era of digitalisation of industrial applications. The Group is also confident that the share of results
     of associates will continue to represent a meaningful contribution to the Group’s profits.




12   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
As at 31st March, 2023, the Group’s current ratio was 2.3 (2022: 1.9). The gearing ratio, as a ratio of bank
borrowings to net worth, was 0.2% (2022: 0.5%). As at 31st March, 2023, the Group had total assets of
approximately HK$3,114.1 million, which were financed by liabilities of HK$455.2 million and total equity
of HK$2,658.9 million. As at 31st March, 2023, the Group’s banking facilities amounted to approximately
HK$161 million (2022: HK$160 million) of which approximately HK$4.3 million (2022: HK$12.0 million)
were utilised mainly in the forms of letters of credit, short term loan and bills payable.


Certain subsidiaries of the Group have assets and liabilities in foreign currencies, which expose the Group
to foreign currency risk. The management monitors the foreign exchange risk and has taken appropriate
hedging measures against significant foreign currency exposures.


EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Subsequent to the reporting period, the Group invested RMB100,000,000 in a private company, which is
established in the PRC and principally engaged in the design, research and development and sales of
graphics processing unit chips, for a minority stake. The investment will be measured at fair value in the
Group’s consolidated financial statements for the year ending 31st March, 2024.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND CHARGES OF ASSETS
The Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities and there were no significant charges or
pledges on any of the Group’s assets as at 31st March, 2023.


EMPLOYMENT AND REMUNERATION POLICY
The remuneration package for the Group’s employees is structured by reference to market terms and
industry’s practice. Discretionary bonus and other rewards are based on the financial performance of
the Group and the performance of individual staff. Staff benefit plans maintained by the Group include
mandatory and voluntary provident fund scheme and medical insurance. The Company has adopted a
restricted share award scheme (the “Scheme”) pursuant to which shares of the Company will be purchased
by an independent trustee from the market and held in trust for the participants of the Scheme, including
employees or consultants engaged by any member of the Group, until such shares are vested with the
relevant participants in accordance with the provisions of the Scheme. The purpose of the Scheme is to
act as an incentive to retain and encourage the participants for the continuing operation and development
of the Group.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23    13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
     The percentage of the Group’s turnover and purchase attributable to major customers and suppliers were
     as follows:


                                                                                      2023                 2022


     Percentage of purchases from the Group’s largest supplier                        13%                   7%
     Percentage of purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers                  32%                  27%
     Percentage of turnover to the Group’s largest customer                            5%                   5%
     Percentage of turnover to the Group’s five largest customers                     18%                  17%


     As a result of the diversification of both its customers and suppliers, the Group had no material
     concentration risk in both sales and sourcing.


     As at 31st March, 2023, to the best knowledge of the Directors, none of the Directors or any shareholders
     holding more than 5% of the Group’s share capital and their respective associates had any beneficial
     interest in the Group’s five largest customers and/or five largest suppliers.


     DIVIDEND
     The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) has resolved to recommend the payment of a final
     dividend of HK5.0 cents (2022: HK5.0 cents) per share and a second special dividend of HK5.0 cents
     (2022: nil) per share for the year ended 31st March, 2023 subject to the approval of the shareholders of
     the Company (the “Shareholders”) at the forthcoming annual general meeting. The final dividend and the
     second special dividend will be paid on or about Thursday, 12th October, 2023 to Shareholders whose
     names appear on the register of members of the Company at the close of business on Friday, 29th
     September, 2023.

     CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
     The annual general meeting of the Company is scheduled to be held on Thursday, 21st September, 2023
     (the “Annual General Meeting”). For determining the entitlement to attendance and a vote at the Annual
     General Meeting, the register of members of the Company will be closed from Friday, 15th September,
     2023 to Thursday, 21st September, 2023, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares
     will be effected. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting, all transfers
     of shares, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company’s branch
     share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Secretaries Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt
     Road, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 14th September, 2023. The
     proposed final dividend and second special dividend are subject to the approval of the Shareholders at
     the Annual General Meeting. For determining the entitlement to the proposed final dividend and second
     special dividend, the register of members of the Company will be closed on Thursday, 28th September,
     2023 to Friday, 29th September, 2023, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will
     be effected. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend and second special dividend, all transfers
     of shares, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company’s branch
     share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Secretaries Limited, for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on
     Wednesday, 27th September, 2023.

14   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Board believes that corporate governance is essential to the success of the Company and has
adopted various measures to ensure that a high standard of corporate governance is maintained.
Throughout the year ended 31st March, 2023, the Company has applied the principles and complied with
the requirements of the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”) listed out in Appendix 14 of the Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”).


COMPLIANCE WITH MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY
DIRECTORS (the “Model Code”)
The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as its code of
conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors. Having made specific enquiries of all Directors,
the Board is not aware of any non-compliance with the required standard as set out in the Model Code
throughout the year ended 31st March, 2023.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS
As at 31st March, 2023, the Board comprises:


Executive Directors
Mr. Fang Yan Tak, Douglas (Chairman)*
Mr. Li Kwok Wai, Frankie (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Leung Tze Kuen


Non-executive Director
Mr. Chen Shuang, JP


Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan
Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian
Prof. Lau Kei May


* Mr. Fang Yan Tak, Douglas was redesignated from Vice Chairman and Non-executive Director to
  Chairman and Executive Director on 1st September, 2022.

In addition, Mr. Fang Hung, Kenneth, GBS, JP served as Chairman and Executive Director until he passed
away on 28th August, 2022.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23    15
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Mr. Fang Hung, Kenneth is the father of Mr. Fang Yan Tak, Douglas. Except for the above, the Board
     members have no financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships with one another.
     Such balanced board composition is formed to ensure strong independence exists across the Board. The
     Board has also met the Listing Rules’ requirement to have at least one-third in number of its members
     comprising Independent Non-executive Directors.


     A board diversity policy has been formulated by the Board setting out the approach to maintaining a board
     with a diversity of directors. The Company recognises the benefits of diversity at the Board level as an
     essential element in supporting its sustainable development. All Board appointments will continue to be
     based on meritocracy with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. Selection of candidates
     will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and
     educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The
     ultimate decision will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the
     Board.


     In accordance with the requirements under the Code, the Company has set an initial target that the Board
     should have at least one male and one female member.


     Regarding the current Board’s composition, the Board comprises six male and one female Directors. The
     Directors believe that the composition of the Board reflects the necessary balance of skills and experience
     appropriate for the requirements of the business development of the Group and for effective leadership
     as all the Executive Directors and Non-executive Directors possess extensive experience in business
     while the Independent Non-executive Directors possess professional knowledge and broad experience in
     finance, management and the displays industry. The Directors are of the opinion that the present structure
     of the Board can ensure the independence and objectivity of the Board and provide a system of checks
     and balances to safeguard the interests of the shareholders and the Company.


     Having made specific enquiry with all Independent Non-executive Directors, all such Directors confirmed
     that they have met the criteria of Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules regarding the guidelines for assessment
     of independence.


     Consideration was given to the independence of Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan and Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian,
     both of them have served on the Board for more than nine years. Both Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan and Mr.
     Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian do not have any interest in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part
     XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, nor do they have any relationship with any other Directors,
     senior management or any substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company. Moreover, both of
     them have never engaged in any executive management of the Group. Taking into consideration the
     independent nature of their roles and duties in the past years, the Board considers both Mr. Chu Chi
     Wai, Allan and Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian to be independent under the Listing Rules despite their years
     of services with the Company.


     The biographical details of the Directors are set out in pages 3 and 4 of this Annual Report.




16   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



During the year, seven board meetings were held and the attendance of each Director is set out as follows:

                                                                          Number of Meetings Attended/
Name of Directors                                                                    Entitled to Attend


Mr. Fang Hung, Kenneth                                                                                  0/1
Mr. Fang Yan Tak, Douglas                                                                               7/7
Mr. Li Kwok Wai, Frankie                                                                                7/7
Mr. Leung Tze Kuen                                                                                      7/7
Mr. Chen Shuang                                                                                         1/7
Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan                                                                                  7/7
Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian                                                                                7/7
Prof. Lau Kei May                                                                                       7/7


Apart from the regular Board meetings, the Chairman also held a meeting with all the Independent Non-
executive Directors during the year.


The Company has in place effective mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available
to the Board. The Board conducted an annual review on such mechanisms during the year ended 31st
March, 2023 and is of the view that the mechanisms have been properly implemented and are effective.
In particular, the Company plans regular Board and Board committees meeting schedules well in advance
and provides remote facilities for attendance, so as to facilitate active attendance and participation in
the meetings. Board members, especially Independent Non-executive Directors, are welcome and are
encouraged to raise enquiries, suggestions and views during the meetings. The Board process as stated
above, including agenda setting and provision of meeting information, facilitates effective and active
participation by all Directors. The Board and each Director has unrestricted access to the advice and
services of the Company Secretary and also has the liberty to seek independent professional advice to
assist them in performing their duties to the Company at the Company’s expense.


The Company from time to time provides briefings, training sessions and materials to the Directors to
develop and refresh their knowledge and skills including updates on the latest development regarding the
Listing Rules and other applicable legal and regulatory requirements to enhance their awareness of the
same. The Board continuously reviews and monitors the Company’s corporate governance and practice
to ensure compliance of regulatory requirements and up keeping of good practices.


The Board is responsible for formulating overall strategy, monitoring and controlling the performance of the
Group. In addition to its overall supervisory role, the Board also retains specific responsibilities such as
approving specific senior appointments, approving financial accounts, recommending dividend payments,
approving policies relating to the Board’s compliance, etc whilst managing the Group’s business is the
responsibility of the management of the Group (the “Management”).


When the Board delegates aspects of its management and administration functions to the Management,
it has given clear directions, in particular, with respect to the circumstances where the Management
shall report back and obtain prior approval from the Board before making decisions or entering into any
commitment on behalf of the Company.


                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23    17
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Every newly appointed Director will receive formal, comprehensive and tailored induction on appointment
     to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and governance policies and operations of the Group
     and full awareness of Director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant
     statutory requirements. This understanding is deepened and continued by the Directors’ participation in
     Board meetings and their work on various committees.


     The Directors are regularly updated and apprised of any new regulations and guidelines, as well as
     any amendments thereto issued by the Stock Exchange, the Securities and Futures Commission of
     Hong Kong and the Hong Kong Companies Registry, particularly the effects of such new or amended
     regulations and guidelines on directors. Relevant reading materials are also provided to the Directors.
     On an ongoing basis Directors are encouraged to keep up to date on all matters relevant to the Group
     and attend briefings and seminars as appropriate. The Company has been provided by the Directors of
     their respective training records.


     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
     The roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer are segregated and assumed by separate
     individuals who have no relationship with each other, to strike a balance of power and authority so that
     the job responsibilities are not concentrated on any one individual. The Chairman focuses on overall
     corporate development and strategic direction of the Group, and provides leadership for, and oversees the
     effective functioning of, the Board. The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the day-to-day corporate
     management as well as planning and developing the Group’s strategy.


     Nomination of Directors
     The Company has set up a Nomination Committee which is responsible for nominating appropriate person
     either to fill a casual vacancy or as an additional member to the existing Board.


     According to the bye-laws, notice in writing of the intention to propose a person for election as a Director
     and notice in writing by that person of his willingness to be elected shall have been lodged at the Head
     Office or at the Registration Office of the Company at least seven days before the date of the general
     meeting, or else no person, other than a retiring Director, shall, unless recommended by the Board for
     election, be eligible for election to the office of Director at any general meeting.


     The period for lodgment of the notices referred to above will commence no earlier than the day after the
     despatch of the notice of the general meeting appointed for such election and end no later than 7 days
     prior to the date of such general meeting.


     In evaluating and selecting any candidate for directorship, the following criteria should be considered:


     •     character and integrity;


     •     qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge, experience and diversity
           aspects under the Board diversity policy that are relevant to the Company’s business and corporate
           strategy;




18   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



•     any measurable objectives adopted for achieving diversity on the Board;


•     requirement for the Board to have independent Directors in accordance with the Listing Rules
      and whether the candidate would be considered independent with reference to the independence
      guidelines set out in the Listing Rules;


•     any potential contributions the candidate can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills,
      experience, independence and gender diversity;


•     willingness and ability to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a member of the Board and/
      or Board committee(s); and


•     such other perspectives that are appropriate to the Company’s business and succession plan that
      may be adopted by the Board and/or the Nomination Committee from time to time for nomination
      of Directors and succession planning.


The Nomination Committee, upon receipt of the proposal on appointment of new Director and the
biographical information of the candidate, will evaluate such candidate based on the criteria as set out
above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship and made recommendation to
the Board to appoint the candidate for directorship.


Appointment and Re-election of Directors
According to the bye-laws, at each annual general meeting of the Company one third of the Directors for
the time being (and if the number of Directors is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest
to but not less than one third) shall retire by rotation. This complies with the provision B.2.2 of the Code
which requires all Directors to be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.


With respect to the re-election of Directors at the annual general meeting, the Nomination Committee
will review the overall contribution and services to the Company of the retiring Directors and the level of
participation and performance on the Board to determine whether the retiring Directors would continue
to meet the criteria as set out above and made recommendation to the Board in respect of the proposed
re-election of Directors at the general meeting. The relevant information of the retiring Directors together
with the recommendation of the Board would then be disclosed in the circular accompanying the notice
of the general meeting and sent to shareholders in accordance with the Listing Rules and applicable
laws and regulations.


As a good corporate governance practice, Nomination Committee member is required to abstain
from assessing his own independence (in case he is an Independent Non-executive Director) and
re-appointment.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23    19
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     BOARD COMMITTEES
     The Board establishes committees to assist it in carrying out its responsibilities. The Board has appointed
     three Board committees i.e. the Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee and Audit Committee to
     oversee particular aspects of the Group’s affairs. Each of the committees has defined terms of reference
     setting out its duties, powers and function. The committees report regularly to the Board and, where
     appropriate, make recommendations on matters discussed.


     Nomination Committee
     The Nomination Committee was established on 24th November, 2011. The Committee comprises Mr. Li
     Kwok Wai, Frankie, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan and Mr.
     Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian, both Independent Non-executive Directors. Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan was appointed
     as Chairman of the Nomination Committee. The terms of reference stipulating the authority and duties of
     the Nomination Committee conform to the provisions of the Code and are posted on the websites of the
     Stock Exchange and the Company.


     The Nomination Committee shall meet at least once a year. One meeting was held during the year ended
     31st March, 2023. All the Nomination Committee members attended the meeting.

     The major roles and functions of the Nomination Committee are as follows:

     1.    To review the size, structure and composition (including the skill, knowledge, experience and
           diversity of perspective) of the Board.

     2.    To identify individuals who are suitably qualified to become Directors.

     3.    To assess the independence of the Independent Non-executive Directors.

     4.    To make recommendation to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and
           succession planning for Directors.

     5.    To review the Director Nomination Policy and Board Diversity Policy as and when necessary and
           monitor its implementation.

     Remuneration Committee
     The Remuneration Committee was established on 27th May, 2005. The Committee comprises Mr. Li Kwok
     Wai, Frankie, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian and Mr. Chu
     Chi Wai, Allan, both Independent Non-executive Directors. Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian, was appointed
     as Chairman of the Remuneration Committee. The written terms of reference stipulating the authority
     and duties of the Remuneration Committee conform to the provisions of the Code and are posted on the
     websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

     The Remuneration Committee shall meet at least once a year. Four meetings were held during the year.
     All the Remuneration Committee members attended all the meetings.




20   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The remuneration policy of the Group is to ensure all its employees are remunerated in line with
market terms and individual performance. At the meetings held during the year, the overall pay trend in
Hong Kong, Taiwan and Mainland China was noted and the remuneration of the Directors and senior
management team was reviewed accordingly.

The major roles and functions of the Remuneration Committee are as follows:

1.      To review and recommend to the Board the overall remuneration policy for the Directors and senior
        management.

2.      To review and recommend to the Board for its approval the remuneration of the Directors; and to
        review and approve the remuneration of other senior management; by reference to corporate goals
        and objectives resolved by the Board from time to time.

3.      To ensure that the level of remuneration for Independent Non-executive Directors are linked to
        their level of responsibilities undertaken and contribution to the effective functioning of the Board.

4.      To ensure that no Director is involved in deciding his own remuneration.

Details of the annual remuneration of the members of the senior management by band for the year ended
31st March, 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                     Number of employees


Below HK$1,000,000                                                                                         18
HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                                                3


Total                                                                                                      21


Details of the remuneration of each Director for the year ended 31st March, 2023 are set out in note 12
to the financial statements.

Audit Committee
The Audit Committee of the Company comprises Professor Lau Kei May (appointed on 1st September,
2022), Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan and Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian, all being Independent Non-executive
Directors. In addition, Mr. Fang Yan Tak, Douglas also served as a member of the Audit Committee
until his re-designation from a Non-executive Director to an Executive Director on 1st September, 2022.
Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian, was appointed as Chairman of the Audit Committee. The terms of reference
stipulating the authority and duties of the Audit Committee conform to the provisions of the Code and are
posted on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.




                                               Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23    21
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     The Audit Committee shall meet at least twice a year. During the year, four meetings were held and the
     attendance of each Audit Committee member is set out as follows:

                                                                             Number of Meetings Attended/
     Name of Directors                                                                  Entitled to Attend


     Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan                                                                               4/4
     Mr. Fang Yan Tak, Douglas                                                                            1/1
     Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian                                                                             4/4
     Prof. Lau Kei Mei                                                                                    3/3

     During the year, the Audit Committee had performed the following work:

     (i)     reviewed the financial reports for the year ended 31st March, 2022 and for the six months ended
             30th September, 2022;

     (ii)    reviewed the effectiveness of the systems of internal control and risk management;

     (iii)   reviewed the external auditors’ statutory audit plan and engagement letter;

     (iv)    discussed with the Company’s external auditors the internal control of the Group; and

     (v)     reviewed and approved the scope and fees of the audit for the year ended 31st March, 2023.

     The major roles and functions of the Audit Committee are as follows:

     1.      To consider the appointment of the external auditors, the audit fees, and any questions of
             resignation or dismissal of the external auditors of the Group.

     2.      To discuss with the external auditors the nature and scope of the audit.

     3.      To review the interim and annual financial statements before submission to the Board.

     4.      To discuss problems and reservations arising from the interim review and final audit, and any
             matters the auditors may wish to discuss.

     5.      To review the external auditors’ management letters and management’s response.

     6.      To review the Company’s systems of financial controls, internal controls and risk management to
             ensure that they are appropriate and functioning properly.




22   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
During the year under review, the remuneration paid or payable to the Company’s auditor, Messrs Deloitte
Touche Tohmatsu, is set out as follows:

                                                                                               Fees paid
Services rendered                                                                            and payable
                                                                                                    HK$


Audit services                                                                                  3,188,000
Non audit services                                                                                765,000


                                                                                                3,953,000


Internal Controls and Risk Management
The Board is responsible for maintaining an adequate internal control and risk management system to
safeguard shareholders’ investments and the Group’s assets, and reviewing the effectiveness of this
annually through the audit committee. The Audit Committee reports to the Board on any material issues
and makes recommendations to the Board. Procedures have been put in place to safeguard the Group’s
assets against unauthorised use or disposal, to ensure proper accounting records are kept so that reliable
financial information can be provided when required, and to ensure compliance with all applicable laws
and regulations. These procedures have been based on industry norms and are designed to provide
reasonable assurance and protection against errors, losses and fraud.

During the year, the Company has appointed a firm of independent internal control consultants to conduct
regular internal audits of the Group. These are risk-based audits designed to review the effectiveness of
the companies’ material internal controls so as to provide assurance that key business and operational
risks are identified and managed, and to ensure that the internal control measures are carried out
appropriately and are functioning as intended. The independent internal control consultants report
their findings to the Audit Committee and the Board and make recommendations to optimize the risk
management and internal control systems of the Group.


The Group has established a set of risk management policies and measures, which has been codified in its
policies and adopted by it. Such policies and measures are designed to manage rather than eliminate the
risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance
against material misstatement or loss. The ultimate goal of the Group’s risk management policies and
measures is to bring focus and effort to the issues in its business operations that create impediments
to the Group’s success. The Group’s risk management process starts with identifying the major risks
associated with its business, industry and market in the ordinary course of business. Depending on the
likelihood and potential impacts of the relevant risks exposed to the Group, the management will prioritize
the risks and will either take immediate mitigating action, devise contingency plan or conduct periodic
review in accordance with the contingency plan. The Management is responsible for identifying and
analyzing the risks associated with their respective function, preparing risk mitigation plans, measuring
effectiveness of such risk mitigation plans and reporting status of risk management. A risk management
committee has been set up which is responsible for advising on risk management matters, while the Audit
Committee and ultimately the Board will supervise the implementation of the Group’s risk management
policies and measures.

                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   23
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     The importance of internal controls and risk management is communicated to staff members in order
     to foster an environment in which internal controls are understood and respected within the Group. The
     Company also has a formal written whistle-blowing policy to enable staff members to communicate their
     concerns about any aspect of internal operations.


     During the year, the Board has reviewed the effectiveness of the systems of internal control and
     risk management of the Group. The Board is of the view that the system of internal controls and risk
     management in place for the year under review is sound and sufficient to safeguard the interests of
     shareholders, customers and employees, as well as the Group’s assets. The Board has also reviewed the
     adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of staff of the Group’s accounting, internal audit and
     financial reporting functions, and their training programmes and budget during the year and considered
     that the Group had adequate staff resources with the competence, qualifications and experience necessary
     for the effective performance of its accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions.


     In relation to the handling and dissemination of inside information in accordance with the Listing Rules
     and the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), the Group has adopted
     measures including raising awareness of confidentiality in the Group, issuing notices regarding “black-out”
     period and restrictions on dealings to Directors and employees on a regular basis to ensure compliance
     when handling and disclosing inside information.


     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
     The Directors are responsible for overseeing the preparation of accounts of each financial period, which
     give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and of the results and cash flow for that
     period. In preparing the accounts for the year ended 31st March, 2023, the Directors have selected
     suitable accounting policies and have applied them consistently, adopted appropriate Hong Kong Financial
     Reporting Standards and Hong Kong Accounting Standards which are pertinent to its operations and
     relevant to the financial statements, made judgments and estimates that are prudent and reasonable, and
     have prepared the accounts on the going concern basis. The statement of the external auditor about its
     reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements is set out in the independent auditor’s
     report on pages 35 to 40 of this Annual Report.

     DIVIDEND POLICY
     The Board has the discretion to declare and distribute dividends to the shareholders of the Company,
     subject to the memorandum of association and bye-laws of the Company and all applicable laws and
     regulations. In recommending or declaring dividends, the Company shall maintain adequate cash reserves
     for meeting its working capital requirements and future growth as well as its shareholders value. The
     Company has no fixed dividend pay-out ratio. The Board considers that, in general, the amount of
     dividends to be declared will depend on general economic conditions as well as the Group’s actual and
     expected financial performance, retained profits and distributable reserves, cash flow, working capital
     requirements, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion plans, liquidity position, and other
     factors as may be considered relevant at such time by the Board.




24   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Company establishes and maintains different communication channels with its shareholders through
the publication of annual and interim reports and press announcements. As a channel of further promoting
effective communication, the Company’s website is maintained to disseminate the relevant financial and
non-financial information on a timely basis.


The annual general meeting provides a useful forum for shareholders to exchange views with the Board.
Except for Mr. Chen Shuang, a Non-executive Director, who was not able to the Company’s 2022 annual
general meeting due to other commitments, all the other Directors attended the Company’s 2022 annual
general meeting and were available to answer shareholders’ questions.


At the Company’s 2022 annual general meeting, all votings were conducted by poll in accordance with
the requirements of the Listing Rules.


Shareholders holding not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company shall have the
right, by written requisition to the Head Office of the Company for the attention of the Board or the
Company Secretary, to require a special general meeting of the Company to be called by the Board for
the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two
months after such requisition. Shareholders may also send written enquiries to the Company for putting
forward any enquiries or proposals to the Head Office of the Company for the attention of the Board or
the Company Secretary.


A Shareholders Communication Policy has been posted on the Company’s website (www.yeebo.com.hk).


Where shareholders have any enquiry and/or proposals putting forward at shareholders’ meeting,
they may send them by mail to the Company Secretary at the Company’s Head Office or via email to
ir@yeebo.com.hk.


The Board has reviewed its prevailing shareholders’ communication policy during the year and believes
that, in light of the multiple channels of communication and engagement in place as stated above, the
current shareholders’ communication policy of the Company has been properly implemented during the
year ended 31st March, 2023.




                                           Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   25
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION AND BYE-LAWS
     During the year ended 31st March, 2023, the Company has not made any amendment to its memorandum
     of association and bye-laws.


     Pursuant to the Consultation Conclusions on Listing Regime for Overseas Issuers published by the Stock
     Exchange in November 2021, the Stock Exchange has revised the core shareholder protection standards
     under Appendix 3 to the Listing Rules with effect from 1st January, 2022. Accordingly, a special resolution
     was proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company for the purpose of amending
     the Company’s bye-laws in order to (i) bring the bye-laws in line with the relevant requirements of the
     Listing Rules as well as the applicable laws of Bermuda; (ii) allow general meetings of the Company to be
     held in the form of a hybrid meeting or electronic meeting where shareholders may attend by electronic
     means in addition to a physical meeting where shareholders attend in person; and (iii) provide flexibility
     to the Company in relation to the conduct of general meetings. Other housekeeping and consequential
     amendments to the bye-laws were also proposed, including making consequential amendments in
     connection with the above proposed amendments and for clarity and consistency with other provisions
     of the bye-laws where it is considered desirable and to better align the wording with those of the Listing
     Rules and the applicable laws of Bermuda.


     The existing Company’s memorandum of association and bye-laws is available on the Company’s website
     and the Stock Exchange’s website.

     COMPANY SECRETARY
     Mr. Lau Siu Ki, Kevin of Hin Yan Consultants Limited, external service provider, has been engaged by
     the Company as the Company Secretary. The primary contact person at the Company, whom Mr. Lau
     contacts, is Mr. Leung Tze Kuen, Executive Director.


     During the year ended 31st March, 2023, Mr Lau has taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional
     training to update his skills and knowledge.




26   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT



The directors present their annual report and the audited consolidated financial statements for the year
ended 31st March, 2023.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company. The activities of its principal subsidiaries and associates
are set out in notes 41 and 19, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements.


BUSINESS REVIEW
A fair review of the Group’s business and the analysis of the Group’s performance for the year ended
31st March, 2023 as well as outlook/prospects of the Group’s business are provided in the sections
“Chairman’s Statement” on pages 7 to 8 and “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 9 to 14
of this Annual Report.


RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31st March, 2023 are set out in the consolidated statement
of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on pages 41 to 42.


A special dividend of HK20 cents per ordinary share was paid in December 2022.


The Directors now recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK5 cents and a second special
dividend of HK5 cents per ordinary share to the shareholders on the register of members on Friday, 29th
September, 2023, amounting to approximately HK$97,175,000, and the retention of the remaining profit.
The proposed final dividend and second special dividend have to be approved in the forthcoming annual
general meeting of the Company to be held on Thursday, 21st September, 2023.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
During the year, the Group acquired property, plant and equipment at a cost of approximately
HK$33,401,000. Details of this and other movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group
during the year are set out in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.


SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in the share capital of the Company during the year ended 31st March, 2023
are set out in note 30 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                            Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   27
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     RESERVES
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Group are set out in the consolidated statement of changes
     in equity on pages 45 and 46.


     The Company’s reserve available for distribution to shareholders as at 31st March, 2023 were as follows:

                                                                                         2023             2022
                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000


     Contributed surplus                                                               49,259            49,259
     Retained profits                                                                 101,417            80,018


                                                                                      150,676           129,277


     Under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended), the contributed surplus account of the
     Company is available for distribution. However, the Company cannot declare to pay a dividend, or make
     a distribution out of contribution surplus if:


     (a)   it is or would after the payment be unable to pay its liabilities as they become due; or


     (b)   the realisable value of its assets would thereby be less than the aggregate of its liabilities and its
           issued share capital and share premium accounts.


     DIRECTORS
     The directors of the Company at the date of this report were:

     Executive directors:
     Mr. Fang Yan Tak, Douglas (“Mr. D. Fang”) (re-designated from non-executive director to executive
     director on 1st September, 2022)
     Mr. Li Kwok Wai, Frankie
     Mr. Leung Tze Kuen


     Non-executive director:
     Mr. Chen Shuang (“Mr. Chen”)




28   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



Independent non-executive directors:
Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan (“Mr. Chu”)
Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian
Prof. Lau Kei May


In addition, Mr. Fang Hung, Kenneth served as an executive director until he passed away on 28th
August, 2022.


In accordance with Clause 86 and 87 of the Company’s bye-laws, Mr. D. Fang, Mr. Chen and Mr. Chu
will retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company. Mr. Chen will not offer himself for
re-election and will retire as a non-executive director of the Company at the conclusion of the forthcoming
annual general meeting of the Company. Mr. D Fang and Mr. Chu being eligible, offer themselves for
re-election at such meeting.


The directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting do not have a service
contract which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation, other
than statutory compensation.


The Company has received annual confirmation of independence from the three independent non-executive
directors in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) and considers them to be independent.


BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Biographical details of the directors and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages 3 to
6 of this Annual Report.

INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES IN SECURITIES
At 31st March, 2023, the interests and short positions of the directors and chief executives and their
associates in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company and its associated corporations
(within the meaning of part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)), as recorded in the
register maintained by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the
Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to the Model
Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) were as follows:


(A)   Long position in the shares of the Company
                                                            Number of shares and
                                                             nature of interests
                                                                                              Percentage
                                                                                           of Company’s
                                                             Personal                      issued capital
                                                             interests             Total         (Note(i))


      Mr. Li Kwok Wai, Frankie                            108,504,000       108,504,000            11.12%
      Mr. Leung Tze Kuen (Note (ii))                        2,460,000         2,460,000             0.25%

                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   29
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     (B)   Long position in the shares of associated corporations of the Company
           (1)    Antrix Investment Limited (“Antrix”) (Note(iii))
                                                     Number of shares and nature of interests
                                                                                                              Percentage of
                                                                           Through                                  issued
                                                         Personal        controlled                               capital of
                                                         interests     corporations                  Total           Antrix


                  Mr. Li Kwok Wai, Frankie                        –              1,740               1,740             30.53%
                  Mr. Chen Shuang                               490                  –                 490              8.59%

           (2)    Fang Brothers Holdings Limited (“Fang Brothers”) (Note(iv))
                                                     Number of shares and nature of interests
                                                                                                           Percentage of
                                                                                                                  issued
                                                         Personal             Spouse                           capital of
                                                         interests          interests                Total Fang Brothers


                  Mr. Fang Yan Tak,
                   Douglas                             16,000,000                     –       16,000,000               20.00%

                  Notes:

                  (i)      Based on the total number of issued shares of the Company as at 31st March, 2023 of 976,182,000.

                  (ii)     The 2,460,000 shares represent shares granted under the share award scheme of the Company. They
                           are subject to the satisfactory fulfilment of vesting conditions and 578,000 shares were vested.

                  (iii)    As at 31st March, 2023, Antrix Investment Limited held 570,000,000 shares of the Company.

                  (iv)     As at 31st March, 2023, Fang Brothers beneficially owned 60.88% of the issued share capital of Antrix.



     Save as disclosed above, as at 31st March, 2023, none of the directors, the chief executive or their
     associates had any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the
     Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded
     in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified
     to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




30   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At no time during the year was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to
enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or
debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS
No contracts of significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a
director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the
year or at any time during the year.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
Subject to the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), every director is entitled
under the Company’s memorandum of association and bye-laws to be indemnified and secured harmless
out of the assets and profits of the Company against all costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses
which he or she may sustain or incur in or about the execution or discharge of his or her duties. To the
extent permitted by such Ordinance, the Company has taken out insurance against the liability and costs
associated with defending any proceedings which may be brought against directors of companies in the
Group.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
As at 31st March, 2023, none of the directors of the Company or any of Company’s subsidiaries, or their
respective associates had interests in businesses, other than being a director of the Company and/or its
subsidiaries and their respective associates, which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or
indirectly, with the businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries as required to be disclosed pursuant
to the Listing Rules.


REMUNERATION FOR DIRECTORS
In compliance with the Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules, the Company has established
a remuneration committee to formulate remuneration policies. Directors’ remuneration are subject to
shareholders’ approval at general meetings. Other emoluments are determined by the Board with reference
to directors’ duties and responsibilities, the recommendations of the remuneration committee and the
performance and results of the Group. Details of the remuneration of the directors are set out in note 12
to the consolidated financial statements.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Details of related party transactions undertaken in the normal course of business of the Group are set out
in note 38 to the consolidated financial statements. None of these related party transactions constitutes
a connected transaction as defined under the Listing Rules that is required to be disclosed.


The Company has complied with disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules for the year ended 31st March, 2023.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23    31
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS
     Changes in directors’ biographical details which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B of
     the Listing Rules are set out below:


     Mr. Li Kwok Wai, Frankie, an executive director of the Company, has been acting as a director of Suzhou
     QingYue Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd. (“Suzhou QingYue”), an associate of the Company which
     shares were listed on The Science and Technology Innovation Board of The Shanghai Stock Exchange
     on 28th December, 2022, until his resignation on 23rd May, 2023.


     Mr. Leung Tze Kuen, an executive director of the Company, was appointed as a director of Suzhou
     QingYue on 23rd May, 2023.


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
     As at 31st March, 2023, the register of substantial shareholders maintained by the Company pursuant
     to Section 336 of the SFO shows that the following shareholders had notified the Company of relevant
     interests and short positions in the issued share capital of the Company:


     Long position in the shares of the Company
                                                                                                                     % of the
                                                                                                                 Company’s
                                                                                                                      issued
                                                      Capacity and                             Number of        share capital
                                                      nature of interest                      shares held           (Note (i))


     Antrix (Note (ii))                               Directly beneficially owned             570,000,000               58.39%
     Esca Investment Limited (Note (ii))              Indirectly beneficially owned           570,000,000               58.39%
     Fang Brothers Holdings Limited (Note (ii))       Indirectly beneficially owned           570,000,000               58.39%

     Notes:

     (i)      Based on the total number of issued shares of the Company as at 31st March, 2023 of 976,182,000.

     (ii)     As at 31st March, 2023, Antrix Investment Limited was held as to 60.88% by Esca Investment Limited (a company
              wholly-owned by Fang Brothers Holdings Limited in which none of its shareholders holds more than 20% of its issued
              capital). The shares held by Esca Investment Limited and Fang Brothers Holdings Limited represent the same interest
              held by Antrix Investment Limited.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31st March, 2023, the Company was not notified by any persons who had
     interests or short positions of 5% or more in the shares and underlying shares of the Company which is
     required to be recorded under Section 336 of the SFO.


     EMOLUMENT POLICY
     The emolument policy of the employees of the Group is reviewed regularly by the board of directors.
     Remuneration packages are structured to take into account the merit, qualifications and competence of
     individual employees as well as the general market conditions.


32   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws, or the laws of Bermuda,
which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION OF HOLDERS OF LISTED SECURITIES
The Company is not aware of any tax relief or exemption available to the shareholders of the Company
by reason of their holding of the Company’s securities.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED
SECURITIES
The Company repurchased 19,155,171 shares on the Stock Exchange from June 2022 to March 2023.
Details of which are follows:


                                           Number of
                                              shares            Highest           Lowest            Total
Month of repurchase                      repurchased          price paid       price paid     amount paid
                                                                  (HK$)            (HK$)           (HK$)


June 2022                                      680,000              3.09              3.00       2,079,100
July 2022                                    3,920,000              3.35              2.94      12,351,200
August 2022                                  1,800,000              3.09              2.98       5,508,940
September 2022                               2,079,171              3.07              2.90       6,246,240
October 2022                                 3,236,000              3.02              2.89       9,615,100
November 2022                                  152,000              2.95              2.90         447,240
December 2022                                1,374,000              3.10              2.68       4,060,680
January 2023                                 1,440,000              3.10              2.99       4,403,460
February 2023                                1,832,000              3.05              2.94       5,524,240
March 2023                                   2,642,000              3.03              2.49       7,508,800


Total                                       19,155,171                                          57,745,000


The Board is of the view that the trading price of the shares of the Company did not reflect their intrinsic
value, and the above repurchase and subsequent cancellation of Company’s shares could increase the
value of the Company’s shares and lead to an increase in the return to Shareholders. In addition, the
Board believes that the repurchases reflected the Company’s confidence in its long-term business prospect
and were conducted in the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


Save as disclosed above, no repurchase has been made by the Company or any of its subsidiaries on
the Stock Exchange of any listed securities of the Company during the year.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23    33
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     Details of the Group’s corporate governance practices are set out in the Corporate Governance Report
     on pages 15 to 26 of this Annual Report.


     The Company had adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as the code of
     conduct regarding securities transactions by the directors. Having made specific enquiry of the directors,
     the Board is not aware of any non-compliance with the required standard set out in the Model Code.


     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     The Company has maintained a sufficient public float throughout the year ended 31st March, 2023.


     AUDIT COMMITTEE
     The Audit Committee comprises Mr. Chu Chi Wai, Allan, Mr. Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian, and Prof. Lau Kei
     May, all being Independent Non-executive Directors. The Audit Committee has reviewed with management
     the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group and discussed auditing, internal control
     and financial reporting matters, including the review of the financial statements of the Group for the year
     ended 31st March, 2023.


     AUDITOR
     A resolution will be submitted to the annual general meeting to re-appoint Messrs. Deloitte Touche
     Tohmatsu as auditor of the Company.


     On behalf of the Board




     Li Kwok Wai, Frankie
     Chief Executive Officer

     Hong Kong
     19th June, 2023




34   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE MEMBERS OF YEEBO (INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS) LIMITED
億都（國際控股）有限公司
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 41 to 139, which
comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31st March, 2023, and the consolidated
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity
and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position of the Group as at 31st March, 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and
its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”)
and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities
for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the
Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and
we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   35
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
     our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in
     the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
     thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


     Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter
     Valuation of debt investments at amortised cost


     We identified the measurement of expected credit       Our procedures in relation to valuation of debt
     losses (“ECL”) for debt investments at amortised       investments at amortised cost included:
     cost as a key audit matter due to the determination
     of loss allowances for debt investments at             •     Obtaining an understanding of the Group’s
     amortised cost using the ECL model involving                 process in assessing the ECL for debt
     management estimates and judgements, including               investments at amortised cost under HKFRS
     use of assumptions in determination of probability           9 Financial Instruments;
     of default and loss given default, and incorporation
     of forward-looking information.                        •     Challenging management’s basis in
                                                                  management judgements and assumptions,
     As set out in note 4 to the consolidated financial           including (i) reasonableness of probability of
     statements, the measurement of ECL is dependent              default, recovery rate and loss given default;
     on the current observable information of the issuer          and (ii) the use of economic variables for
     of the debt investments and forward looking                  forward-looking scenarios; and
     information of the debt investments at amortised
     cost that are reasonable and supportable available     •     Recalculating the expected credit loss
     without undue costs or effect. As at 31st March,             allowance recognised by the management
     2023, the Group’s debt investments at amortised              at 31st March, 2023 and comparing with the
     cost amounted to HK$32,878,000, for which an                 recorded balance.
     allowance on credit losses of HK$71,157,000 was
     recognised upon the default of the debt investments
     and an impairment gain of HK$14,573,000 for the
     enhancement of the credit risk was recognised in
     the consolidated statements of profit or loss.




36   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
Key audit matter                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Valuation of trade receivables


We identified valuation of trade receivables            Our procedures in relation to valuation of trade
as a key audit matter due to the involvement            receivables included:
of management’s estimates in evaluating the
allowance of credit losses of the Group’s trade         •     Understanding the key process on how
receivables at the end of the reporting period.               the management of the Group estimates
                                                              the allowance of credit losses of trade
As at 31st March, 2023, the Group’s carrying amount           receivables;
of trade receivables is HK$218,016,000 (net of
allowance for credit losses of HK$13,842,000) and       •     Challenging management’s basis in
out of these trade receivables of HK$77,158,000               determining credit loss allowance on trade
were past due.                                                receivables as at 31st March, 2023, including
                                                              their basis of identification of credit-impaired
As disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated financial          trade receivables, the reasonableness of
statements, the management of the Group estimates             management’s grouping of the trade debtors
the amount of lifetime ECL of trade receivables               into different credit risk categories in the
based on individual assessment for those debtors              collective assessment basis, and the basis
with significant balances and credit-impaired and/            of estimated loss rates applied in each
or collective assessment through grouping of                  category in the collective assessment basis
various debtors that have similar loss patterns,              (with reference to historical default rates and
after considering ageing, repayment history and/or            forward-looking information);
past due status of the respective trade receivables.
Estimated loss rates are based on historical            •     Testing the accuracy of ageing category
observed default rates over the expected life of the          of trade receivables ageing analysis as at
debtors and forward-looking information.                      31st March, 2023 to develop the collective
                                                              assessment basis, on a sample basis, by
As disclosed in note 32 to the consolidated financial         comparing individual items in the ageing
statements, the Group reversed of net allowance of            analysis with the relevant supporting
credit losses on trade receivables of HK$1,735,000            documents including sales invoices and
for the year ended 31st March, 2023.                          delivery documents; and


                                                        •     Recalculating the expected credit loss
                                                              allowance recognised by the management
                                                              at 31st March, 2023 and comparing with the
                                                              recorded balance.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23      37
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



     OTHER INFORMATION
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
     the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements
     and our auditor’s report thereon.


     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
     express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
     other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
     the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to
     be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
     misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in
     this regard.


     RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
     GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements
     that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure
     requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors
     determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
     material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
     ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
     using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or
     to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


     Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




38   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



A U D I T O R’S R E S P O N S I B I L I T I E S F O R T H E                   AUDIT         OF      THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Bermuda
Companies Act, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability
to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions
of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
      whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
      obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
      of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
      error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
      override of internal control.


•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
      that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
      effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
      estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
      and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
      or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
      If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
      report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures
      are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
      up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group
      to cease to continue as a going concern.


•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
      including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
      underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.




                                            Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23    39
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



     A U D I T O R’S R E S P O N S I B I L I T I E S F O R T H E A U D I T                      OF      THE
     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
           business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
           We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain
           solely responsible for our audit opinion.


     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
     and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
     control that we identify during our audit.


     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
     ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
     matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions
     taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
     were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and
     are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or
     regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
     determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
     doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Wan Wai Nga.




     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong


     19th June, 2023




40   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                   For the year ended 31st March, 2023



                                                                                  2023             2022
                                                               NOTES           HK$’000           HK$’000

Revenue                                                         5&6           1,325,806        1,266,641
Cost of sales                                                                (1,102,514)      (1,066,985)

Gross profit                                                                    223,292          199,656
Other income                                                      7              31,851           16,624
Other gains and losses                                            8             (13,328)          (1,778)
Gain on derecognition of debt investments at
  amortised cost                                                  20              8,720                 –
Reversal of (allowances on) credit losses, net
  – trade receivables                                                             1,735           (1,675)
  – other receivables                                                                 –           (1,310)
  – debt investments at amortised cost                                          (56,584)          (1,256)
Selling and distribution expenses                                               (98,019)         (81,923)
Administrative expenses                                                         (39,355)         (32,420)
Finance costs                                                     9                (943)            (632)
Gain on disposal of equity interests of an associate              19            241,503                –
Gain on deemed disposal of associates                             19            195,586              465
Share of results of associates                                    19            242,572          210,637

Profit before income tax                                                        737,030          306,388
Income tax expense                                                10            (75,786)         (24,035)

Profit for the year                                               11            661,244          282,353

Other comprehensive (expense) income
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Share of other comprehensive (expense) income
   of associates, net of related income tax                       19              (4,272)           3,786

Items that may be reclassified subsequently
   to profit or loss:
Exchange differences arising on the translation
   of foreign operations:
   Subsidiaries                                                                 (42,132)          24,939
   Associates                                                                  (137,307)          70,497

Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve
 upon disposal of equity interests of an associate                                1,424                 –

Total comprehensive income for the year                                         478,957          381,575


Profit for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                         615,109          266,579
  Non-controlling interests                                                      46,135           15,774

                                                                                661,244          282,353




                                            Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   41
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



                                                                                 2023      2022
                                                                      NOTES   HK$’000    HK$’000

     Total comprehensive income attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                                                   433,919   363,010
       Non-controlling interests                                                45,038    18,565

                                                                               478,957   381,575


                                                                              HK cents   HK cents
     Earnings per share
       – basic                                                         15         63.6       27.3


       – diluted                                                       15         63.2       27.1




42   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                             As at 31st March, 2023




                                                                              2023             2022
                                                           NOTES           HK$’000           HK$’000


Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                                16            215,851          267,548
 Right-of-use assets                                          17             16,430            7,111
 Investment properties                                        18                774              975
 Interests in associates                                      19          2,061,371        1,893,409
 Debt investments at amortised cost                           20             32,878           15,160
 Intangible assets                                            21              1,459            1,459
 Other receivables and prepayments                            23              4,892           50,068


                                                                          2,333,655        2,235,730


Current assets
 Inventories                                                  22            184,683          276,602
 Trade and other receivables                                  23            295,419          337,662
 Debt investments at amortised cost                           20                  –           23,884
 Cash and cash equivalents                                    24            300,313          104,334


                                                                            780,415          742,482


Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                     25            271,437          319,461
 Contract liabilities                                         26             39,303           47,742
 Derivative financial instruments                                             3,262               73
 Tax payable                                                                 13,903           13,141
 Bank borrowings                                              27              4,284           12,033
 Lease liabilities                                            28              4,750            4,477


                                                                            336,939          396,927


Net current assets                                                          443,476          345,555


Total assets less current liabilities                                     2,777,131        2,581,285




                                        Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   43
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     As at 31st March, 2023




                                                                                     2023         2022
                                                                      NOTES       HK$’000       HK$’000


     Non-current liabilities
      Deferred tax liabilities                                         29          106,327        86,383
      Lease liabilities                                                28           11,947         2,938


                                                                                   118,274        89,321


                                                                                 2,658,857     2,491,964


     Capital and reserves
      Share capital                                                    30          195,236       198,616
      Reserves                                                                   2,356,549     2,225,641


     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                2,551,785     2,424,257
     Non-controlling interests                                                     107,072        67,707


     Total equity                                                                2,658,857     2,491,964


     The consolidated financial statements on pages 41 to 139 were approved and authorised for issue by
     the Board of Directors on 19th June, 2023 and are signed on its behalf by:




                    Fang Yan Tak, Douglas                               Li Kwok Wai, Frankie
                         DIRECTOR                                            DIRECTOR




44   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                             For the year ended 31st March, 2023



                                                                                     Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                 Shares
                                                                                                                 held for        PRC
                                                                Capital    Capital                    Share        share     statutory       Other                              Non-
                                          Share       Share    reserve redemption Translation         award       award       reserve      reserve     Retained            controlling
                                         capital   premium     (note i)   reserve    reserve        reserve     scheme        (note ii)   (note iii)     profits     Total interests        Total
                                        HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000              HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000 HK$’000        HK$’000


At 1st April, 2021                      199,928    110,750      2,125      10,132      99,012       11,219       (27,269)      14,966       (6,949) 1,689,471 2,103,385         54,297 2,157,682


Profit for the year                           –          –          –           –            –            –            –             –            –    266,579     266,579      15,774    282,353
Other comprehensive income
  for the year
  Share of other comprehensive
    income of an associate,
    net of related income tax                 –          –          –           –            –            –            –             –       2,545            –      2,545       1,241      3,786
  Exchange differences arising
    on the translation of foreign
    operations                                –          –          –           –      93,886             –            –             –            –           –     93,886       1,550     95,436


Total comprehensive income
  for the year                                –          –          –           –      93,886             –            –             –       2,545     266,579     363,010      18,565    381,575


Repurchase and cancellation of
  ordinary shares (note 30)              (1,312)         –          –       1,312            –            –            –             –            –     (19,948)   (19,948)          –    (19,948)
Shares purchased for share
  award scheme                                –          –          –           –            –            –       (5,023)            –            –           –     (5,023)          –     (5,023)
Recognition of equity-settled
  share-based payment expenses
  under share award scheme
  (note 35)                                   –          –          –           –            –        2,350            –             –            –           –      2,350           –      2,350
Shares vested under share
  award scheme (note 35)                      –          –          –           –            –       (1,887)       4,580            –             –      (2,693)         –           –          –
Transfer of reserves                          –          –          –           –            –            –            –        2,957             –      (2,957)         –           –          –
Dividend to non-controlling interests         –          –          –           –            –            –            –            –             –           –          –      (5,155)    (5,155)
Dividends recognised as a
  distribution (note 14)                      –          –          –           –            –            –            –             –            –     (19,517)   (19,517)          –    (19,517)


At 31st March, 2022                     198,616    110,750      2,125      11,444     192,898       11,682       (27,712)      17,923       (4,404) 1,910,935 2,424,257         67,707 2,491,964




                                                                                    Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23                                                   45
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



                                                                                         Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                     Shares
                                                                                                                     held for        PRC
                                                                     Capital    Capital                   Share        share     statutory       Other                              Non-
                                               Share       Share    reserve redemption Translation        award       award       reserve      reserve     Retained            controlling
                                              capital   premium     (note i)   reserve    reserve       reserve     scheme        (note ii)   (note iii)     profits     Total interests        Total
                                             HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000             HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000 HK$’000        HK$’000


     Profit for the year                           –          –          –           –           –            –            –             –            –    615,109     615,109      46,135    661,244
     Other comprehensive (expense)
       income for the year
       Share of other comprehensive
         (expense) income of an
         associate, net of related
         income tax                                –          –          –           –           –            –            –             –      (4,404)           –      (4,404)      132       (4,272)
       Exchange differences arising
         on the translation of foreign
         operations                                –          –          –           –    (178,210)           –            –             –            –           –    (178,210)    (1,229)   (179,439)
       Reclassification of cumulative
         translation reserve upon
         disposal of equity interest of
         an associate                              –          –          –           –       1,424            –            –             –            –           –       1,424          –       1,424


     Total comprehensive income
       for the year                                –          –          –           –    (176,786)           –            –             –      (4,404)    615,109     433,919      45,038    478,957


     Repurchase and cancellation of
       ordinary shares (note 30)              (3,380)         –          –       3,831           –            –            –             –        (451)     (57,745)    (57,745)         –     (57,745)
     Shares purchased for share
       award scheme                                –          –          –           –           –            –       (9,170)            –            –           –      (9,170)         –      (9,170)
     Recognition of equity-settled
       share-based payment expenses
       under share award scheme
       (note 35)                                   –          –          –           –           –        1,538            –             –            –           –       1,538          –       1,538
     Shares vested under share
       award scheme (note 35)                      –          –          –           –           –       (1,776)       3,408            –             –      (1,632)          –          –           –
     Transfer of reserves                          –          –          –           –           –            –            –        5,083             –      (5,083)          –          –           –
     Dividend to non-controlling interests         –          –          –           –           –            –            –            –             –           –           –     (5,673)     (5,673)
     Dividends recognised as a
       distribution (note 14)                      –          –          –           –           –            –            –             –            –    (241,014)   (241,014)         –    (241,014)


     At 31st March, 2023                     195,236    110,750      2,125      15,275      16,112      11,444       (33,474)      23,006       (9,259) 2,220,570 2,551,785        107,072 2,658,857

     Notes:

     (i)           The capital reserve of the Group represents the difference between the aggregate nominal value of the share capital
                   of acquired subsidiaries and the aggregate nominal value of the Company’s shares issued for the acquisition at the
                   time of the group reorganisation prior to the listing of the Company’s shares in 1993, and after the reclassification of
                   the amounts related to the share premium arising from issue of shares of a subsidiary prior to the group reorganisation
                   to the capital reserve and after reserve movements at the time of the capital reduction in previous years.

     (ii)          In accordance with the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”), domestic enterprises in the PRC are
                   required to transfer 10% of their profit after taxation, as determined under accounting principles generally accepted
                   in the PRC (“PRC GAAP”), to the statutory surplus reserve until such reserve balance reaches 50% of the registered
                   capital of the respective PRC subsidiaries.

     (iii)         The other reserve of the Group mainly represents: (a) the share of other comprehensive income from the interests
                   in associates and (b) the difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the
                   consideration paid arising from the acquisition of additional interests in subsidiaries in previous years.




46   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                   For the year ended 31st March, 2023




                                                                                  2023             2022
                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000


Operating activities
Profit before income tax                                                        737,030          306,388
Adjustments for:
  Gain on disposal of equity interests of an associate                         (241,503)               –
  Gain on deemed disposal of associates                                        (195,586)            (465)
  Share of results of associates                                               (242,572)        (210,637)
  Finance costs                                                                     943              632
  Interest income                                                               (22,213)          (6,427)
  Impairment loss recognised on property, plant and equipment                    16,279                –
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                  48,813           49,380
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                             5,056            4,871
  Depreciation of investment properties                                             201              202
  Recognition of equity-settled share-based payment expenses
    under share award scheme                                                      1,538             2,350
  Net loss on disposal and written off of property, plant and equipment             341               373
  (Reversal of) allowances on credit losses, net
    – trade receivables                                                          (1,735)            1,675
    – other receivables                                                               –             1,310
    – debt investments at amortised cost                                         56,584             1,256
  Gain on derecognition on debt investments at amortised cost                    (8,720)                –
  Gain on fair value changes of financial assets at fair value through
    profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                                                          –            (2,574)
  Loss (gain) on fair value changes of derivative financial instruments           3,189              (970)
  (Reversal) recognition of allowance for inventories, net                        (4,567)         20,392
  Unrealised exchange (gain) loss                                                 (6,308)          5,582


Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                        146,770          173,338
Decrease (increase) in inventories                                               82,197          (91,559)
Decrease (increase) in trade and other receivables                               66,069         (109,027)
(Decrease) increase in trade and other payables                                 (33,812)          42,363
(Decrease) increase in contract liabilities                                      (9,392)          32,746


Cash generated from operations                                                  251,832            47,861
Income tax paid                                                                 (12,252)          (15,591)


Net cash from operating activities                                              239,580           32,270




                                            Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   47
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023




                                                                                   2023       2022
                                                                                HK$’000     HK$’000


     Investing activities
     Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                  (25,351)     (9,324)
     Prepayment for acquisition of plant and equipment                           (8,455)    (43,875)
     Purchase of debt investments at amortised cost                             (39,320)    (45,671)
     Repayment of debt investments at amortised cost                              9,084       7,829
     Proceeds on disposal of equity interests of an associate, net of tax       300,312           –
     Dividend received from associates, net of withholding tax                   34,511      35,968
     Proceeds on disposal of financial asset at FVTPL, net of withholding tax         –      22,606
     Interest income received                                                    10,934       4,369
     Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment                       324         134
     Advance of loan receivables                                                      –        (218)
     Repayment of loan receivables                                                1,764       3,502


     Net cash from (used in) investing activities                               283,803     (24,680)


     Financing activities
     Dividends paid                                                             (241,014)   (19,517)
     Dividend paid to non-controlling interests                                   (5,673)    (5,155)
     Payment for repurchase of ordinary shares                                   (57,745)   (19,948)
     Payment for purchase of shares for share award scheme                        (9,170)    (5,023)
     Repayment of lease liabilities                                               (5,084)    (4,832)
     Interest paid                                                                  (943)      (632)
     Repayment of bank borrowings                                                (98,237)         –
     New bank borrowings raised                                                   90,646      7,766


     Net cash used in financing activities                                      (327,220)   (47,341)


     Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                       196,163     (39,751)

     Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates                                    (184)     1,901

     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                         104,334     142,184


     Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year,
      represented by bank balances and cash                                     300,313     104,334




48   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the year ended 31st March, 2023



1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited (the “Company”) is incorporated in Bermuda as an exempted
     company with limited liability and its shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited (the “SEHK”). Its parent company is Antrix Investment Limited (incorporated in the British
     Virgin Islands (the “BVI”)) and its ultimate holding company is Fang Brothers Holdings Limited
     (incorporated in the BVI). The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business
     of the Company are disclosed in the “Corporate Information” section to the annual report.


     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), which is also
     the functional currency of the Company.


     The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are the manufacturing and
     sale of liquid crystal displays (“LCDs”), liquid crystal displays modules (“LCMs”), thin film transistor
     modules (“TFTs”) and capacitive touch panel modules (“CTPs”) products.


2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”)
     Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
     In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by
     the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time, which are
     mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1st April, 2022 for the preparation
     of the consolidated financial statements:


     Amendments to HKFRS 3            Reference to the Conceptual Framework
     Amendments to HKAS 16            Property, Plant and Equipment – Proceeds before Intended Use
     Amendments to HKAS 37            Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
     Amendments to HKFRSs             Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018 – 2020


     The application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current year has had no material impact
     on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the
     disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




                                            Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23      49
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     2.    APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
           REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (CONTINUED)
           New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective
           The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been
           issued but are not yet effective:


           HKFRS 17                                   Insurance Contracts1
           Amendments to HKFRS 10                     Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
            and HKAS 28                                 its Associate or Joint Venture2
           Amendments to HKFRS 16                     Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback3
           Amendments to HKAS 1                       Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and
                                                        related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5
                                                        (2020)3
           Amendments to HKAS 1                       Non-current Liabilities with Covenants3
           Amendments to HKAS 1 and                   Disclosure of Accounting Policies1
            HKFRS Practice Statement 2
           Amendments to HKAS 8                       Definition of Accounting Estimates1
           Amendments to HKAS 12                      Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from
                                                       a Single Transaction1

           1      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1st January, 2023
           2      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
           3      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1st January, 2024


           Except for the amendments to HKFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate
           that the application of all other new and amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on
           the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.


           Amendments to HKAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising
           from a Single Transaction
           The amendments narrow the scope of the recognition exemption of deferred tax liabilities and
           deferred tax assets in paragraphs 15 and 24 of HKAS 12 Income Taxes so that it no longer applies
           to transactions that, on initial recognition, give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary
           differences.


           As disclosed in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, for leasing transactions in which
           the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies HKAS 12 requirements
           to the relevant assets and liabilities as a whole. Temporary differences relating to relevant assets
           and liabilities are assessed on a net basis.




50   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the year ended 31st March, 2023



2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (CONTINUED)
     New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective (Continued)
     Amendments to HKAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising
     from a Single Transaction (Continued)
     Upon the application of the amendments, the Group will recognise a deferred tax asset (to the
     extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary
     difference can be utilised) and a deferred tax liability for all deductible and taxable temporary
     differences associated with the right-of-use assets and the lease liabilities.


     The amendments are effective for the Group’s annual reporting period beginning on or after
     1st April, 2023, with early application permitted. As at 31st March, 2023, the carrying amounts
     of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities which are subject to the amendments amounted to
     HK$16,430,000 and HK$16,697,000 respectively. The Group will recognise the related deferred
     tax assets and deferred tax liabilities but does not expect to have significant impact on the Group’s
     consolidated financial statements.

3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     3.1    Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs
            issued by the HKICPA. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial
            statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably expected to
            influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements
            include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
            the SEHK (the “Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


            The directors of the Company have, at the time of approving the consolidated financial
            statements, a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue
            in operational existence for the foreseeable future. Thus they continue to adopt the going
            concern basis of accounting in preparing the consolidated financial statements.


            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis,
            except for certain financial instruments which are measured at fair values at the end of each
            reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies set out below.


            Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange
            of goods and services.




                                            Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23     51
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           (CONTINUED)
           3.1    Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
                  Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability
                  in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless
                  of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique.
                  In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the
                  characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics
                  into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for
                  measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is
                  determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within
                  the scope of HKFRS 2 Share-based payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in
                  accordance with HKFRS 16 Leases, and measurements that have some similarities to fair
                  value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2 Inventories or value in
                  use in HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets.


                  A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s
                  ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by
                  selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.


                  In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into
                  Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are
                  observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety,
                  which are described as follows:


                  •      Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets
                         or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date;


                  •      Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are
                         observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and


                  •      Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




52   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the year ended 31st March, 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Significant accounting policies
           Basis of consolidation
           The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company
           and entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the
           Company:


           •      has power over the investee;


           •      is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee;
                  and


           •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.


           The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances
           indicated that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.


           When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power
           over the investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct
           the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. The Group considers all relevant facts
           and circumstances in assessing whether or not the Group’s voting rights in an investee are
           sufficient to give it power, including:


           •      the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of
                  holdings of the other vote holders;


           •      potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;


           •      rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and


           •      any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not
                  have, the current ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need
                  to be made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings.


           Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and
           ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses
           of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated
           statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains
           control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.




                                           Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23       53
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           (CONTINUED)
           3.2    Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                  Basis of consolidation (Continued)
                  Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the
                  owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of
                  subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests
                  even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.


                  When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring
                  their accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.


                  All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to
                  transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


                  Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity
                  therein, which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate
                  share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

                  Interests in associates
                  An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence
                  is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but
                  is not control or joint control over those policies.


                  The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated
                  financial statement using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of
                  associates used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting
                  policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances.
                  Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognised in the
                  consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the
                  Group’s share of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate. Changes
                  in net assets of the associate other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are
                  not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by
                  the Group. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate exceeds the Group’s interest
                  in that associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of
                  the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognising its share
                  of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has
                  incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.




54   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the year ended 31st March, 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Significant accounting policies (Continued)
           Interests in associates (Continued)
           An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on
           which the investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate,
           any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of
           the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is
           included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of
           the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment,
           after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the
           investment is acquired.


           The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate
           may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the
           investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 as a
           single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less
           costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated
           to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment.
           Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with HKAS 36 to the extent
           that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.


           When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted
           for as a disposal of the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being
           recognised in profit or loss. When the Group retains an interest in the former associate and
           the retained interest is a financial asset within the scope of HKFRS 9, the Group measures
           the retained interest at fair value at that date and the fair value is regarded as its fair value
           on initial recognition. The difference between the carrying amount of the associate and the
           fair value of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing of the relevant interest
           in the associate is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the
           associate. In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other
           comprehensive income in relation to that associate on the same basis as would be required
           if that associate had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain
           or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income by that associate would be
           reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the Group
           reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as a reclassification adjustment)
           upon disposal/partial disposal of the relevant associate.


           When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting
           from the transactions with the associate are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial
           statements only to the extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the Group.




                                           Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23       55
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           (CONTINUED)
           3.2    Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                  Interests in associates (Continued)
                  Changes in Group’s interests in associate

                  When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate but the Group continues to
                  use the equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or
                  loss that had previously been recognised in other comprehensive income relating to that
                  reduction in ownership interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on
                  the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.


                  Revenue from contracts with customers
                  The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e.
                  when “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is
                  transferred to the customer.


                  A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services)
                  that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.


                  Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the
                  progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the
                  following criteria is met:


                  •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the
                         Group’s performance as the Group performs;


                  •      the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls
                         as the Group performs; or


                  •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group
                         and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to
                         date.


                  Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of
                  the distinct good or service.


                  A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a
                  customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration
                  is due) from the customer.




56   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended 31st March, 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Significant accounting policies (Continued)
           Leases
           Definition of a lease

           A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an
           identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.


           For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application of HKFRS
           16, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition
           under HKFRS 16 at inception or modification date, as appropriate. Such contract will not
           be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.


           The Group as a lessee

           Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

           For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-
           lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease
           component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease components and
           aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

           Non-lease components are separated from lease component and are accounted for by
           applying other applicable standards.


           Short-term leases

           The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of rented premises
           that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain
           a purchase option. Lease payments on short-term leases are recognised as expense on a
           straight-line basis over the lease term.




                                          Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23    57
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           (CONTINUED)
           3.2    Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                  Leases (Continued)
                  The Group as a lessee (Continued)

                  Right-of-use assets

                  The cost of right-of-use asset includes:


                  •      the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

                  •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease
                         incentives received;


                  •      any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and


                  •      an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the
                         underlying assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying
                         asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those
                         costs are incurred to produce inventories.


                  Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment
                  losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.


                  Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated
                  useful life and the lease term.


                  The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated
                  statement of financial position.


                  Refundable rental deposits

                  Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at
                  fair value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease
                  payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.




58   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended 31st March, 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Significant accounting policies (Continued)
           Leases (Continued)
           The Group as a lessee (Continued)

           Lease liabilities

           At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease
           liability at the present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating
           the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the
           lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

           The lease payments include:


           •      fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives
                  receivable;


           •      variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using
                  the index or rate as at the commencement date;


           •      amounts expected to be payable under residual value guarantees;


           •      the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise
                  the option; and


           •      payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group
                  exercising the option to terminate the lease.


           After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease
           payments.


           The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related
           right-of-use assets) whenever the lease term has changed in which case the related lease
           liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount
           rate at the date of reassessment.


           The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement
           of financial position.




                                          Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23     59
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           (CONTINUED)
           3.2    Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                  Leases (Continued)
                  The Group as a lessee (Continued)

                  Lease modifications

                  The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:


                  •      the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or
                         more underlying assets; and

                  •      the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the
                         stand-alone price for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that
                         stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances of the particular contract.


                  For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures
                  the lease liability, less any lease incentives receivable, based on the lease term of the
                  modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at
                  the effective date of the modification.


                  The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding
                  adjustments to the relevant right-of-use asset.


                  When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or more additional lease
                  or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract to
                  each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component
                  and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

                  The Group as a lessor

                  Classification and measurement of leases

                  Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases.
                  Whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental
                  to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance
                  lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.


                  Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis
                  over the term of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging
                  an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs
                  are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.




60   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended 31st March, 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Significant accounting policies (Continued)
           Leases (Continued)
           The Group as a lessor (Continued)

           Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

           When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies HKFRS
           15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers to allocate consideration in a contract to lease
           and non-lease components. Non-lease components are separated from lease component
           on the basis of their relative stand-alone selling prices.

           Refundable rental deposits

           Refundable rental deposits received are accounted for under HKFRS 9 and initially measured
           at fair value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional
           lease payments from lessees.


           Lease modification

           Changes in considerations of lease contracts that were not part of the original terms and
           conditions are accounted for as lease modifications, including lease incentives provided
           through forgiveness or reduction of rentals.


           The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the
           effective date of the modification, considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments
           relating to the original lease as part of the lease payments for the new lease.

           Foreign currencies
           In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in
           currencies other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are
           recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end
           of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at
           the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical
           cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.


           Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation
           of monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.




                                          Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23    61
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           (CONTINUED)
           3.2    Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                  Foreign currencies (Continued)
                  For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and
                  liabilities of the Group’s foreign operations are translated into the presentation currency
                  of the Group (i.e. HK$) using exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period.
                  Income and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates for the year, unless
                  exchange rates fluctuate significantly during the period, in which case, the exchange rates
                  prevailing at the dates of transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are
                  recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of
                  translation reserve (attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).


                  On the disposal of a foreign operation (i.e. a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a
                  foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a
                  foreign operation, or a partial disposal of an interest in an associate that includes a foreign
                  operation of which the retained interest becomes a financial asset), all of the exchange
                  differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation attributable to the owners of
                  the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.


                  Fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a foreign
                  operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated at
                  the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences
                  arising are recognised in other comprehensive income.


                  Borrowing costs
                  Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of
                  qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get
                  ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such time
                  as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.


                  Any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its
                  intended use or sale is included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation
                  rate on general borrowings. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of
                  specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the
                  borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.


                  All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are
                  incurred.




62   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended 31st March, 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Significant accounting policies (Continued)
           Government grants
           Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group
           will comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.


           Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses
           or losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the
           Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they
           become receivable. Government grants relating to compensation of expenses are deducted
           from the related expenses, other government grants are presented under “other income”.

           Employee benefits
           Retirement benefit costs

           Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans, state-managed retirement benefit
           schemes and the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) are recognised
           as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.


           Short-term and other long-term employee benefits

           Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits
           expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee
           benefits are recognised as an expense.


           A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries and
           annual leave) after deducting any amount already paid.


           Liabilities recognised in respect of other long-term employee benefits are measured at the
           present value of the estimated future cash outflows expected to be made by the Group in
           respect of services provided by employees up to the reporting date. Any changes in the
           liabilities’ carrying amounts resulting from service cost, interest and remeasurements are
           recognised in profit or loss.




                                          Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23     63
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           (CONTINUED)
           3.2    Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                  Share-based payments
                  Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

                  Shares granted to employees

                  Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services
                  are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.


                  The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date
                  without taking into consideration all-non market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-
                  line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that
                  will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (share award reserve). At the
                  end of the reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of shares that
                  are expected to ultimately vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting
                  conditions. The impact of the revision of the estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss
                  with a corresponding adjustment to the share award reserve.


                  When the trustee purchases the Company’s shares from the open market, the consideration
                  paid, including any directly attributable incremental costs, is presented as shares held for
                  share award scheme and deducted from total equity. No gain or loss is recognised on
                  transactions of the Company’s own shares.


                  When the trustee transfers the Company’s shares to grantees upon vesting, the related
                  costs of the granted shares vested are reversed from shares held for share award scheme.
                  Accordingly, the related expense of the granted shares vested is reversed from the share
                  award reserve. The difference arising from this transfer is debited/credited to retained profits.


                  When the granted shares are forfeited before the vesting date, the amount previously
                  recognised in share award reserve will be reversed through profit or loss.

                  Taxation
                  Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.


                  The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from
                  “profit before income tax” as reported in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
                  other comprehensive income because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible
                  in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current
                  tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
                  end of the reporting period.




64   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the year ended 31st March, 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Significant accounting policies (Continued)
           Taxation (Continued)
           Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
           and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used
           in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all
           taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible
           temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available
           against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such assets and
           liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition
           (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects
           neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.


           Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with
           investments in subsidiaries and interests in associates, except where the Group is able
           to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary
           difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from
           deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only
           recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against
           which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse
           in the foreseeable future.


           The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period
           and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be
           available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.


           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply
           in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rates (and
           tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


           The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that
           would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period,
           to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.


           For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group
           recognises the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines
           whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.




                                           Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23       65
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           (CONTINUED)
           3.2    Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                  Taxation (Continued)
                  For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities,
                  the Group applies HKAS 12 requirements to the leasing transaction as a whole. Temporary
                  differences relating to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are assessed on a net basis.
                  Excess of depreciation on right-of-use assets over the lease payments for the principal
                  portion of lease liabilities resulting in net deductible temporary differences.


                  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set
                  off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes
                  levied by the same taxation entity by the same taxation authority.


                  Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items
                  that are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the
                  current and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
                  equity respectively.

                  Property, plant and equipment
                  Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production
                  or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction
                  in progress) are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less
                  subsequent accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.


                  Property, plant and equipment in the course of construction for production, supply or
                  administrative purpose are carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs
                  include any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition
                  necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management, including
                  costs of testing whether the related assets is functioning properly. Depreciation of these
                  assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready
                  for their intended use.


                  When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both
                  leasehold land and building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the
                  leasehold land and the building elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial
                  recognition. To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably,
                  interest in leasehold land is presented as “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement
                  of financial position. When the consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease
                  building element and undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties
                  are classified as property, plant and equipment.




66   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended 31st March, 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Significant accounting policies (Continued)
           Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
           Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets, other than construction in
           progress, less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line
           method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed
           at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted
           for on a prospective basis.

           An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future
           economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or
           loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is
           determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the
           asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

           Investment properties
           Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation.

           Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable
           expenditure. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at cost less
           subsequent accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation
           is recognised so as to write off the cost of investment properties less their residual value
           over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method.

           An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property
           is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from
           the disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the property (calculated as the
           difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is
           included in profit or loss in the period in which the property is derecognised.

           Intangible assets
           Intangible assets acquired separately
           Club memberships with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at
           cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

           An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are
           expected from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible
           asset, measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying
           amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

           Research and development expenditure
           Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is
           incurred.


                                          Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23     67
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           (CONTINUED)
           3.2    Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                  Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and
                  intangible assets
                  At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property,
                  plant and equipment and right-of-use assets to determine whether there is any indication that
                  those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable
                  amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment
                  loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives is tested for impairment at least
                  annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.

                  The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
                  assets are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount
                  individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to
                  which the asset belongs.

                  In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the
                  relevant cash-generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be
                  established, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash generating units
                  for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be established. The recoverable
                  amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which
                  the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-
                  generating unit or group of cash-generating units.

                  Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In
                  assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value
                  using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
                  money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates
                  of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

                  If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than
                  its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash generating unit) is reduced
                  to its recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot
                  be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group
                  compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying
                  amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of
                  cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of cash-generating units. In
                  allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying
                  amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based
                  on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating units. The
                  carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs
                  of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the
                  impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata
                  to the other assets of the unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is
                  recognised immediately in profit or loss.


68   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Significant accounting policies (Continued)
           Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and
           intangible assets (Continued)
           Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or a
           cash generating unit or group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate
           of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the
           carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised
           for the asset (or a cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A
           reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

           Cash and cash equivalents
           Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position
           include cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits.


           Inventories
           Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories
           are determined on a first-in, first-out method. Net realisable value represents the estimated
           selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary
           to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly
           attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the
           sale.


           Financial instruments
           Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party
           to the contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial
           assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or
           sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the
           time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.


           Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade
           receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance
           with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue
           of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities
           at FVTPL, are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial
           liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the
           acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately
           in profit or loss.




                                            Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23       69
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           (CONTINUED)
           3.2    Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                  Financial instruments (Continued)
                  The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial
                  asset or financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the
                  relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future
                  cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an
                  integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts)
                  through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a
                  shorter period to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

                  Financial assets

                  Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

                  Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised
                  cost:


                  •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect
                         contractual cash flows; and


                  •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
                         payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.


                  All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL.


                  A financial asset is held for trading if:


                  •      it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term;


                  •      on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the
                         Group manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking;
                         or


                  •      it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

                  In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be
                  measured at the amortised cost as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly
                  reduces an accounting mismatch.




70   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended 31st March, 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Significant accounting policies (Continued)
           Financial instruments (Continued)
           Financial assets (Continued)

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)

           (i)    Amortised cost and interest income


                  For financing assets other than purchased or originated credit impaired financial
                  assets (i.e. assets that are credit impaired on initial recognition), interest income
                  is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                  subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective
                  interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial
                  assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial
                  assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised
                  by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from
                  the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument
                  improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is
                  recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the
                  financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination
                  that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.


                  For purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, a credit-adjusted
                  effective interest rate is calculated by discounting the estimated future cash flows,
                  including expected credit losses, to the amortised cost of the debt instrument on
                  initial recognition.


           (ii)   Financial assets at FVTPL


                  Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost
                  are measured at FVTPL.


                  Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
                  period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain
                  or loss recognised in profit or loss excludes any dividend or interest earned on the
                  financial asset and is included in the “other gains and losses” line item.




                                           Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23     71
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           (CONTINUED)
           3.2    Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                  Financial instruments (Continued)
                  Financial assets (Continued)

                  Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9

                  The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model
                  on financial assets (including trade receivables, loan receivables, other receivables and
                  deposits, debt investments at amortised cost and bank balances) which are subject to
                  impairment assessment under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting
                  date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.


                  Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the
                  expected life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents
                  the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible
                  within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessment are done based on the Group’s
                  historical credit loss experience, and factors that are specific to the debtors, general
                  economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date
                  as well as the forecast of future conditions.


                  The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables without significant financing
                  component.


                  For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless
                  when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which
                  case the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be
                  recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring
                  since initial recognition.


                  (i)    Significant increase in credit risk


                         In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition,
                         the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at
                         the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at
                         the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both
                         quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including
                         historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue
                         cost or effort.




72   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended 31st March, 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Significant accounting policies (Continued)
           Financial instruments (Continued)
           Financial assets (Continued)

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (Continued)

           (i)   Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)


                 In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether
                 credit risk has increased significantly:

                 •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s
                        external (if available) or internal credit rating;


                 •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a
                        significant increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the
                        debtor;


                 •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic
                        conditions that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s
                        ability to meet its debt obligations;


                 •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the
                        debtor;


                 •      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic,
                        or technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease
                        in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.


                 Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that
                 the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual
                 payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and
                 supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.


                 The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether
                 there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate
                 to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk
                 before the amount becomes past due.




                                          Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23      73
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           (CONTINUED)
           3.2    Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                  Financial instruments (Continued)
                  Financial assets (Continued)

                  Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (Continued)

                  (ii)    Definition of default


                          For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs
                          when information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates
                          that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without
                          taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).


                          Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a
                          financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and
                          supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more
                          appropriate.


                  (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets


                          A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental
                          impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred.
                          Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the
                          following events:


                          (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;


                          (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


                          (c)    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating
                                 to the borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a
                                 concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;


                          (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                                 reorganisation;


                          (e)    the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of
                                 financial difficulties; or


                          (f)    the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects
                                 the incurred credit losses.




74   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the year ended 31st March, 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Significant accounting policies (Continued)
           Financial instruments (Continued)
           Financial assets (Continued)

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (Continued)

           (iv)   Write-off policy


                  The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the
                  counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of
                  recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or
                  has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be
                  subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into
                  account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event.
                  Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.


           (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL


                  The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default
                  (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The
                  assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical
                  data and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and
                  probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default
                  occurring as the weights. Trade receivable with credit-impaired are assessed for
                  ECL individually.


                  Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to
                  the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects
                  to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.


                  Lifetime ECL for non-credit impaired trade receivables are considered on a collective
                  basis taking into consideration past due information and relevant credit information
                  such as forward looking macroeconomic information.


                  For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following
                  characteristics when formulating the grouping:


                  •      Past-due status;


                  •      Nature, size and industry of debtors; and


                  •      External credit ratings where available.


                                            Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   75
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           (CONTINUED)
           3.2    Significant accounting policies (Continued)
                  Financial instruments (Continued)
                  Financial assets (Continued)

                  Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (Continued)

                  (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL (Continued)

                         The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each
                         group continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

                         Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial
                         asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is
                         calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

                         The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial
                         instruments by adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables
                         where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

                  Derecognition/modification of financial assets

                  The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows
                  from the asset expire.

                  On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between
                  the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is
                  recognised in profit or loss.

                  A modification of a financial asset occurs if the contractual cash flows are renegotiated or
                  otherwise modified.

                  When the contractual terms of a financial asset are modified, the Group assesses whether
                  the revised terms result in a substantial modification from original terms taking into account
                  all relevant facts and circumstances including qualitative factors. If qualitative assessment
                  is not conclusive, the Group considers the terms are substantially different if the discounted
                  present value of the cash flows under the new terms, including any fees paid net of any
                  fees received, and discounted using the original effective interest rate, is at least 10 per
                  cent different from the discounted present value of the remaining cash flows of the original
                  financial asset.

                  When the contractual terms of a finance asset are modified and result in a substantial
                  modification, such modification is accounted for as a derecognition of the original financial
                  asset and the recognition of new financial asset. The difference between the carrying amount
                  of financial asset derecognised and the fair value of consideration receive or receivable is
                  recognised in profit or loss.

76   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.2   Significant accounting policies (Continued)
           Financial instruments (Continued)
           Financial liabilities and equity

           Classification as debt or equity

           Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in
           accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a
           financial liability and an equity instrument.

           Equity instruments

           An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an
           entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are
           recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.


           Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly
           in equity. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or
           cancellation of the Company’s own equity instruments.


           Financial liabilities

           Financial liabilities (including trade and other payables and bank borrowings) are
           subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.


           Derecognition of financial liabilities

           The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations
           are discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of
           the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in
           profit or loss.

           Derivative financial instruments

           Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are
           entered into and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting
           period. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.




                                              Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   77
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
           ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
           In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors
           of the Company are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying
           amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and
           underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered
           to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


           The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to
           accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision
           affects only that period or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects
           both current and future periods.


           Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
           The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that
           the directors have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have
           the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.


           Control over Crown Capital Holdings Limited (“Crown Capital”)
           Crown Capital is considered as a subsidiary of the Group even though the Group has only a 47.05%
           ownership interest and has only 47.05% of the voting rights in Crown Capital since the date of
           incorporation and the remaining 52.95% of the ownership interests are held by seven independent
           shareholders.


           The directors of the Company assessed whether or not the Group has control over Crown Capital
           based on whether the Group has the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of Crown
           Capital unilaterally. In making their judgement, the directors considered the Group’s absolute size
           of its holding in Crown Capital and the relative size of and dispersion of the shareholdings owned
           by the other shareholders as well as other facts and circumstances including voting patterns at
           previous shareholders’ meetings. After the assessment, the directors concluded that the Group
           has a sufficiently dominant voting interest to direct the relevant activities of Crown Capital and
           therefore the Group has control over Crown Capital.


           Deferred tax on investments in associates
           For the purposes of measuring deferred tax liabilities on investments in associates, the management
           of the Group considered the tax consequences associated with the expected manner of recovery of
           the carrying amount of the investment. Different tax rates are applied for measuring the temporary
           difference between the carrying amount and tax base of investment in associates for the recovery
           of investment through receiving dividend income or selling the investment. The directors of the
           Company assessed that the temporary difference is to be recovered through dividend income and/
           or through sale, and accordingly, deferred tax liabilities of HK$106,451,000 (2022: HK$86,507,000)
           was recognised by applying different tax rates in accordance with the expected manner of recovery.




78   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended 31st March, 2023



4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
     ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)
     Key sources of estimation uncertainty
     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation
     uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material
     adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.


     Allowance for credit losses for debt investments measured at amortised cost
     Debt investments measured at amortised cost are assessed for ECL individually. The directors
     of the Company assessed the ECL of the debt investments taking into consideration the current
     observable information of the issuer of the debt investments and forward-looking information of
     the debt investments that are reasonable and supportable available without undue costs or effort.
     At every reporting date, the default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking
     information are considered.


     The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. Due to greater financial uncertainty
     triggered by the announcement of extension of debt investments, the Group has increased the
     expected loss rates in the current year. The information about the ECL and the Group’s debt
     investments measured at amortised cost are disclosed in notes 20 and 32.

     Allowance for credit losses of trade receivables
     Trade receivables with significant balances and credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually.
     In addition, for trade receivables which are individually insignificant or when the Group does not
     have reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort to
     measure ECL on individual basis, collective assessment is performed by grouping of debtors that
     have similar loss patterns based on the ageing, repayment history and/or past due status of the
     respective trade receivables. Estimated loss rates are based on historical observed default rates
     over the expected life of the debtors and forward-looking information.


     As at 31st March, 2023, the Group’s carrying amount of trade receivables is HK$218,016,000
     (net of allowance for credit losses of HK$13,842,000) (2022: HK$264,201,000 (net of allowance
     for credit losses of HK$18,551,000)) and out of these trade receivables of HK$77,158,000 (2022:
     HK$86,651,000) were past due.


     The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the
     Group’s trade receivables is disclosed in notes 23 and 32.




                                          Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   79
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
           ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)
           Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
           Allowance for inventories
           The Group manufactures and sells Displays products and the valuation of the inventories is subject
           to technical obsolescence. When there is a downward trend in the market, the selling price of the
           Displays products of the Group may decrease which imposes pressures on the net realisable values
           of inventories. The management of the Group is required to exercise judgement and estimates to
           identify obsolete or slow-moving inventories and determine the allowance for inventories at the
           end of the reporting period. The management of the Group reviews the usability and saleability
           of inventories taking into account the nature of inventories, prevailing market conditions, ageing
           categories and subsequent usages/sales. Where the inventories are determined to be obsolete or
           slow-moving inventories, the management of the Group determines the allowance for inventories
           primarily based on latest selling prices in recent sale or the market prices and the necessary costs
           to make the sales. Where the actual net realisable values of the inventories are less than expected,
           further allowance for inventories may arise. During the year, the Group reversed allowance for
           inventories amounting to HK$4,567,000 (2022: recognised allowance amounting to HK$20,392,000).
           As at 31st March, 2023, the carrying amount of inventories is HK$184,683,000 (net of allowance
           for inventories of HK$55,241,000) (2022: HK$276,602,000 (net of allowance for inventories of
           HK$73,886,000)).

     5.    REVENUE
           (i)    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
                  The Group’s revenue represents income from manufacture and sales of LCDs, LCMs, TFTs
                  and CTPs (“Displays”) products.

                  For types of goods sold and geographic markets of the customers, please refer to note 6
                  for details.

           (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers
                  Revenue is recognised at a point in time when control of the goods has transferred, being
                  when the goods have been delivered and titles are passed to customers according to the
                  specific shipping terms. Following the delivery, the customer has full discretion over the
                  usage of the goods, has the primary responsibility when on utilising the goods and bears
                  the risks of obsolescence and loss in relation to the goods. The normal credit term is 30 to
                  150 days upon delivery.

                  The Group normally receives 30% to 100% of the contract value as deposits from certain
                  new customers when the sale order is issued. When the Group receives advance payment
                  from customer, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the start of a contract, until the
                  revenue recognised upon the satisfaction of the performance obligation.

                  As sales return is rare and not significant to the Group, the Group reverses the revenue
                  when sales return is successfully logged by the customers.


80   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended 31st March, 2023



5.   REVENUE (CONTINUED)
     (iii)   Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for
             contracts with customers
             All contracts with customers of the Group are for periods of one year or less. As permitted
             under HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not
             disclosed.


6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Information reported to the executive directors of the Group, being the chief operating decision
     maker (“CODM”), for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance
     focuses on types of goods delivered. The Group has only one reportable and operating segment
     as Displays.


     The management of the Group assesses the performance of the reportable segment based on the
     revenue and segment profit. The accounting policies of the reportable segment are the same as
     the Group’s accounting policies.


     The following is an analysis of Group’s revenue and results by reportable and operating segment:


                                                                                 2023             2022
                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000


     Revenue – Displays                                                      1,325,806        1,266,641


     Segment profit – Displays                                                  88,079           98,555


     Interest income                                                            22,213             6,427
     Rental income from investment properties                                    1,147             1,217
     Net exchange gain (loss)                                                    6,481            (4,949)
     Gain on fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL                         –             2,574
     (Loss) gain on fair value changes of derivative financial
       instruments                                                               (3,189)             970
     Gain on derecognition of debt investments at amortised cost                  8,720                –
     Allowance on credit losses on other receivables                                  –           (1,310)
     Allowance on credit losses on debt investments at
       amortised cost                                                          (56,584)          (1,256)
     Unallocated administrative expenses                                        (8,555)          (6,310)
     Finance costs                                                                (943)            (632)
     Gain on disposal of equity interests of an associate                      241,503                –
     Gain on deemed disposal of associates                                     195,586              465
     Share of results of associates                                            242,572          210,637


     Profit before income tax                                                  737,030          306,388


                                           Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   81
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
           Segment profit represents the gross profit generated in operating segment and certain items of
           other income, other gains and losses, net of selling and distribution expenses and administrative
           expenses directly attributable to the segment without allocation of interest income, rental income
           from investment properties, net exchange differences, gain (loss) on fair value changes of financial
           assets at FVTPL and derivative financial instruments, gain on derecognition of debt investments at
           amortised cost, allowances on credit losses on other receivables and debt investments at amortised
           cost, unallocated administrative expenses, finance costs, gain on disposal of equity interests of
           an associate, gain on deemed disposal of associates, and share of results of associates. This
           is the measure reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource allocation and performance
           assessment.


           The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue by type of products:


                                                                                                      2023             2022
                                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000
                                                                                                                     (Note)


           LCDs                                                                                   180,739           236,241
           LCMs                                                                                   545,624           620,517
           TFTs                                                                                   278,871           205,969
           CTPs                                                                                   320,572           203,914


                                                                                                1,325,806          1,266,641


           Note:   Prior year disclosure have been reclassified to conform with the current year’s presentation.


           Segment assets and liabilities
           As the CODM reviews the Group’s assets and liabilities for the Group as a whole on a consolidated
           basis, no assets or liabilities are allocated to the operating segments. Therefore, no analysis of
           segment assets and liabilities is presented.




82   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the year ended 31st March, 2023



6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Other segment information
     The following other segment information is included in the measure of segment profit:


     For the year ended 31st March, 2023


                                                          Displays      Unallocated      Consolidated
                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000


     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment           48,612              201           48,813
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                      5,056                –            5,056
     Depreciation of investment properties                        –              201              201
     Impairment loss recognised on
       property, plant and equipment                         16,279                 –          16,279
     Net loss on disposal and written off of
       property, plant and equipment                            341                 –              341
     Allowance on credit losses on trade
       receivables, net                                      (1,735)                –           (1,735)
     Allowance on credit losses on debt
       investments at amortised cost                               –          56,584           56,584
     Gain on derecognition on debt
       investments at amortised cost                              –            (8,720)          (8,720)
     Reversal of allowance for inventories                   (4,567)                –           (4,567)


     For the year ended 31st March, 2022


                                                           Displays      Unallocated     Consolidated
                                                           HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000


     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment           49,178              202           49,380
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                      4,871                –            4,871
     Depreciation of investment properties                        –              202              202
     Net loss on disposal and written off of
       property, plant and equipment                            373                 –              373
     Allowance on credit losses on trade
       receivables, net                                       1,675                –             1,675
     Allowance on credit losses on other receivables              –            1,310             1,310
     Allowance on credit losses on debt
       investments at amortised cost                              –            1,256            1,256
     Recognition of allowance for inventories                20,392                –           20,392




                                         Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   83
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
           Geographical information
           The Group operates in two principal geographical areas, including Hong Kong and the PRC.


           Information about the Group’s revenue from external customers and information about its non-
           current assets by geographical location of the customers and assets respectively, are detailed
           below:


                                                                Revenue from                    Non-current assets
                                                              external customers                      (Note)
                                                                  2023        2022                 2023         2022
                                                              HK$’000       HK$’000             HK$’000      HK$’000


           The People’ of Republic of China,
             other than Hong Kong, Macau
             and Taiwan (the “PRC”)                            236,235          274,759        2,288,875   2,180,976
           Germany                                             196,806          188,910                –           –
           United States                                       145,659          108,041                –           –
           Japan                                               111,613          102,681                –           –
           Switzerland                                         107,844           60,196                –           –
           Taiwan                                              100,301          111,882                –           –
           Hong Kong                                            99,106          122,120            6,793       7,904
           Spain                                                56,090           67,284                –           –
           Other European countries                            170,042          149,444            5,109       1,317
           Other Asian countries                                80,916           56,523                –           –
           Other countries                                      21,194           24,801                –           –


                                                             1,325,806        1,266,641        2,300,777   2,190,197


           Note:   Non-current assets exclude loan receivables and debt investments at amortised cost.


           Information about major customers
           No customer has contributed over 10% of the total revenue of the Group for both years.




84   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          For the year ended 31st March, 2023



7.   OTHER INCOME
                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000


     Government grants (Note)                                                              2,346              1,424
     Tooling income                                                                        1,867              3,031
     Scrap sales                                                                             782              1,026
     Rental income from investment properties                                              1,147              1,217
     Interest income
       – debt investments at amortised cost                                              16,733               4,245
       – bank and others                                                                  5,480               2,182
     Compensation income                                                                    538                 281
     Others                                                                               2,958               3,218


                                                                                         31,851              16,624


     Note:   The amount represented cash received from Covid-19-related subsidies by the respective local governments
             in the PRC and Hong Kong.


8.   OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000


     Gain on fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL                                    –             2,574
     (Loss) gain on fair value changes of derivative financial
       instruments                                                                        (3,189)               970
     Impairment loss recognised on property, plant and equipment                        (16,279)                  –
     Net loss on disposal and written off of property, plant and
       equipment                                                                            (341)              (373)
     Net exchange gain (loss)                                                              6,481             (4,949)


                                                                                        (13,328)             (1,778)




                                                Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23          85
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     9.    FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000


           Interest on bank borrowings                                                       605               235
           Interest on lease liabilities                                                     338               397


                                                                                             943               632


     10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000


           The income tax expense comprises:


           Current tax:
            Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                         5,610              4,783
            The PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)                                         3,478              5,381
            Withholding tax for gain on disposal of equity interests                     34,728                  –
            Withholding tax for distributed profits                                       1,816              4,231
            Other jurisdictions                                                           3,926              2,194


                                                                                         49,558            16,589


           Deferred taxation (note 29)
            Charge for the year                                                          26,228              7,446


                                                                                         75,786            24,035


           Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first HK$2,000,000 of profits of the qualifying
           companies will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2,000,000 will be taxed at 16.5%. The
           profits of companies not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be
           taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%. The directors of the Company considered the amount involved upon
           implementation of the two-tiered profits tax rates regime as insignificant to the consolidated financial
           statements.




86   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           For the year ended 31st March, 2023



10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CONTINUED)
   Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation
   of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both years. Pursuant to the relevant
   law and regulations in the PRC, one of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries was approved as Hi-Tech
   Enterprise and entitled to 15% PRC Enterprise Income Tax rate. Accordingly, the PRC Enterprise
   Income Tax of that PRC subsidiary was provided at 15% (2022: 15%) for the year ended 31st
   March, 2023. The qualification as a Hi-Tech Enterprise will be subject to review by the relevant
   tax authorities in the PRC for every three years.


   Under EIT Law, distributable profits earned by foreign investment enterprises since 1st January,
   2008 are subject to withholding tax of 10% of profit distributed to non-resident investors. However,
   pursuant to the Arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
   for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion, the withholding tax
   aforementioned can be reduced to 5%.


   Taxation arising in other jurisdictions is calculated at the rate prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions.


   The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the profit before income tax in the
   consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:


                                                                                            2023                2022
                                                                                         HK$’000              HK$’000


   Profit before income tax                                                               737,030              306,388


   Tax at Hong Kong Profits Tax rate of 16.5%                                             121,610               50,554
   Tax effect of share of results of associates                                           (40,024)             (34,755)
   Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible for tax purposes                         11,184                2,666
   Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purposes                                      (74,191)              (2,033)
   Tax effect of research and development expenses that are
     additionally deducted (Note)                                                           (4,859)              (1,639)
   Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in
     other jurisdictions                                                                        155               2,682
   Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                         (208)             (1,605)
   Tax effect of tax losses and other deductible temporary
     difference not recognised                                                                 454                4,181
   Withholding tax in the PRC                                                               62,772                7,446
   Income tax at concessionary rate                                                         (2,197)              (4,774)
   Others                                                                                    1,090                1,312


   Income tax expense for the year                                                          75,786              24,035


   Note:   Pursuant to Caishui [2018] circular No. 99, Jiangmen Yeebo Semiconductor Co., Limited, one of the subsidiaries
           of the Group, enjoys super deduction of 200% (2022: 200%) on qualifying research and development
           expenditures for the year ended 31st March, 2023.

                                                Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23              87
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     11. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                     2023        2022
                                                                                  HK$’000      HK$’000


           Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging (crediting):


           Staff costs, including directors’ emoluments                           231,065      227,259
           Retirement benefit scheme contributions, including directors            19,661       17,360
           Share-based payment expenses                                             1,538        2,350


           Total staff costs                                                      252,264      246,969


           Auditor’s remuneration                                                    3,255        3,035
           Cost of inventories recognised as expenses                            1,102,514    1,066,985
           (Reversal) recognition of allowance for inventories, net                 (4,567)      20,392


           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                           48,813       49,380
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                      5,056        4,871
           Depreciation of investment properties                                      201          202


           Total depreciation                                                      54,070       54,453


           Share of tax of associates (included in share of results
             of associates)                                                        38,104       11,562




88   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the year ended 31st March, 2023



12. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS
   The emoluments paid or payable to each of the eight directors and the chief executive were as
   follows:


   For the year ended 31st March, 2023


                                                             Share-based      Retirement
                                                  Salaries      payment            benefit
                                                 and other     expenses           scheme
                                       Fees       benefits      (Note iv)   contributions       Total
                                     HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


   Executive Directors (Note i):
   Fang Hung, Kenneth
      (passed away on 28th
      August, 2022)                        –           600              –               –          600
   Fang Yan Tak, Douglas
      (Note ii)                          125           770             –               33          928
   Li Kwok Wai, Frankie (Note iii)         –         5,079             –              254        5,333
   Leung Tze Kuen                          –         1,620           477               81        2,178


   Non-executive Directors
    (Note i):
   Chen Shuang                           300             –              –               –          300


   Independent non-executive
     Directors (Note i):
   Chu Chi Wai, Allan                    300             –              –               –          300
   Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian                  300             –              –               –          300
   Lau Kei May                           300             –              –               –          300


                                       1,325         8,069           477              368       10,239




                                         Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   89
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     12. D I R E C T O R S’             AND          CHIEF           E X E C U T I V E’S            EMOLUMENTS
         (CONTINUED)
           For the year ended 31st March, 2022


                                                                               Share-based          Retirement
                                                                   Salaries       payment               benefit
                                                                  and other      expenses              scheme
                                                    Fees           benefits       (Note iv)       contributions         Total
                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000             HK$’000         HK$’000


           Executive Directors (Note i):
           Fang Hung, Kenneth                             –           1,440                –                  –           1,440
           Li Kwok Wai, Frankie (Note iii)                –           4,354                –                217           4,571
           Leung Tze Kuen                                 –           1,200              717                 60           1,977


           Non-executive Directors
             (Note i):
           Fang Yan Tak, Douglas
             (Note ii)                                  300                –                –                 –             300
           Chen Shuang                                  300                –                –                 –             300


           Independent non-executive
             Directors (Note i):
           Chu Chi Wai, Allan                           300                –                –                 –             300
           Lau Yuen Sun, Adrian                         300                –                –                 –             300
           Lau Kei May                                  300                –                –                 –             300


                                                      1,500           6,994              717                277           9,488


           Notes:

           (i)      The emoluments shown above for executive directors were for their services in connection with the management
                    of the affairs of the Company and the Group. The emoluments for the non-executive directors and independent
                    non-executive directors were for their services as directors of the Company.

           (ii)     Mr. Fang Yin Tak, Douglas had been appointed as Chairman of the Company with effect from 1st September,
                    2022, and re-designated from a Non-executive Director to an Executive Director on the same date.

           (iii)    Mr. Li Kwok Wai, Frankie is also the chief executive of the Company and his emoluments disclosed above
                    include those for services rendered by him as the chief executive.

           (iv)     One director was granted awarded shares, in respect of its services to the Group under the share award
                    scheme of the Company. Details of the share award scheme are set out in note 35.


           No director waived any emoluments for any of the two years reported.




90   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the year ended 31st March, 2023



13. EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
   Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group, two (2022: two) were directors of
   the Company whose emoluments are included in note 12 above. The emoluments of the remaining
   three (2022: three) individuals were as follows:


                                                                               2023            2022
                                                                            HK$’000          HK$’000


   Salaries and other benefits                                                 8,665            7,382
   Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                     1,963            1,923


   Total emoluments                                                           10,628            9,305


   Their emoluments were within the following bands:


                                                                          2023                  2022
                                                                         No. of                No. of
                                                                     employees             employees


   HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                 1                   1
   HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                 –                   1
   HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                 1                   1
   HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                                 1                   –


   No remuneration was paid to directors and five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join
   or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office during both years.


14. DIVIDENDS
   Dividends recognised as distributions during the year:


                                                                               2023            2022
                                                                            HK$’000          HK$’000


   2022 Final dividend of HK5.0 cents per share
     (2022: 2021 Final dividend of HK2.0 cents per share)                    49,334            19,862
   2022 Special dividend of HK20 cents per share (2022: nil)                196,181                 –


                                                                            245,515            19,862




                                        Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   91
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     14. DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
           The difference between the above amounts and the amount of dividends recognised as a
           distribution disclosed in the consolidated statement of changes in equity represented the dividends
           to be paid to the Group’s share award scheme.


           Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a final dividend and a second special dividend in
           respect of the year ended 31st March, 2023 of HK5.0 cents and HK5.0 cents, respectively (2022:
           final dividend in respect of the year ended 31st March, 2022 of HK5.0 cents) per ordinary share,
           in an aggregate amount of HK$97,175,000 (2022: HK$49,654,000), have been proposed by the
           directors of the Company and are subject to approval by the shareholders in the forthcoming
           annual general meeting.


     15. EARNINGS PER SHARE
           The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share is based on the following data:


                                                                                       2023            2022
                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000


           Earnings
           Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company
             for the purpose of basic and diluted earnings per share                615,109          266,579


                                                                                       2023              2022
                                                                                   Number            Number
                                                                                  of shares         of shares
                                                                                       ’000               ’000


           Number of shares
           Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
             purpose of basic earnings per share                                    967,036          977,797
           Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares in respect
             of outstanding share awards                                               6,739             7,276


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
            purpose of diluted earnings per share                                   973,775          985,073


           The weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic earnings per share
           shown above have been arrived at after deducting shares held by the share award scheme trust.
           The directors of the Company assessed that there is no material impact on the diluted earnings
           per share on the share-based payment transaction in associates.




92   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           For the year ended 31st March, 2023



16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                Land and    Furniture         Office     Plant and      Motor Construction
                                buildings and fixtures    equipment     machinery     vehicles in progress      Total
                                 HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000
                                    (Note)


   COST
   At 1st April, 2021            141,072      114,680        14,409       374,984       8,653       28,041    681,839
   Exchange realignment            5,424        3,545           511        15,965         144        1,147     26,736
   Additions                           –          808            84            33           –       59,414     60,339
   Disposals and written off           –            –          (198)       (4,635)          –            –     (4,833)
   Transfers                           –       12,605         1,428        44,877         182      (59,092)         –


   At 31st March, 2022           146,496      131,638        16,234       431,224       8,979       29,510    764,081
   Exchange realignment          (10,331)      (9,478)       (1,004)      (32,147)       (236)      (2,123)   (55,319)
   Additions                           –          305           226           738         390       31,742     33,401
   Disposals and written off           –       (2,565)       (2,203)      (11,771)       (473)           –    (17,012)
   Transfers                           –       10,998         4,296        33,616           –      (48,910)         –


   At 31st March, 2023           136,165      130,898        17,549       421,660       8,660       10,219    725,151


   DEPRECIATION AND
     IMPAIRMENT
   At 1st April, 2021             60,741        78,038       10,891       277,731       7,394            –    434,795
   Exchange realignment            2,450         2,034          343        11,780          77            –     16,684
   Provided for the year           6,765         8,985          935        31,981         714            –     49,380
   Eliminated on disposals
     and written off                   –             –         (179)        (4,147)         –            –     (4,326)


   At 31st March, 2022            69,956        89,057       11,990       317,345       8,185            –    496,533
   Exchange realignment           (4,958)       (6,448)        (697)      (23,652)       (223)           –    (35,978)
   Provided for the year           6,359        12,296        1,286        28,667         205            –     48,813
   Impairment loss recognised
     in profit or loss                 –         3,389          648        12,242           –            –     16,279
   Eliminated on disposals
     and written off                   –        (2,411)       (2,143)      (11,370)      (423)           –    (16,347)


   At 31st March, 2023            71,357        95,883       11,084       323,232       7,744            –    509,300


   CARRYING VALUES
   At 31st March, 2023            64,808        35,015         6,465       98,428         916       10,219    215,851


   At 31st March, 2022            76,540        42,581         4,244      113,879         794       29,510    267,548

                                               Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23            93
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
           The above items of property, plant and equipment, except for construction in progress, after taking
           into account the residual values, are depreciated on a straight-line basis at the following rates per
           annum:


           Land and buildings                                 Over the lease term
           Furniture and fixtures                             10 – 25%
           Office equipment                                   15 – 25%
           Plant and machinery                                10 – 25%
           Motor vehicles                                     10 – 20%

           Note:   The carrying amounts of owner-occupied leasehold land and buildings of HK$64,808,000 (2022: HK$76,540,000)
                   at the end of the reporting period included both the leasehold land and building elements in property, plant and
                   equipment, as in the opinion of the directors of the Company, allocations of the carrying amounts between the
                   leasehold land and buildings elements cannot be made reliably.


           Impairment assessment
           Due to the suspension and low utilisation of certain production lines identified by the management
           during the current year, the management of the Group concluded there was indication for
           impairment and conducted impairment assessment on certain property, plant and equipment with
           carrying amounts of HK$25,127,000. The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment,
           within the Displays segment, are estimated individually.


           The recoverable amounts of the property, plant and equipment have been determined based on
           their fair value less costs of disposal. The Group estimates the fair value less costs of disposal of
           the assets by obtaining quotation from a third party buyer. The relevant assets were impaired to
           their recoverable amount of HK$8,848,000 (2022: nil), which is their carrying values at year end
           and the total impairment loss of HK$16,279,000 (2022: nil) has been recognised in profit or loss
           during the year.




94   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended 31st March, 2023



17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                             Rented             Motor
                                                           premises           vehicles            Total
                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000


   At 31st March, 2023
   Carrying amount                                             15,092            1,338           16,430


   At 31st March, 2022
   Carrying amount                                              6,248              863             7,111


   For the year ended 31st March, 2023
   Depreciation charge                                          4,386              670             5,056


   For the year ended 31st March, 2022
   Depreciation charge                                          4,275              596             4,871


                                                                                 2023             2022
                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000


   Expense relating to short-term leases                                           645               684


   Total cash outflow for leases                                                (6,067)           (5,913)


   Addition to right-of-use assets                                              14,630             1,355


   For both years, the Group leases various rented premises and motor vehicles. Lease contracts
   are entered into for fixed term of 2 to 5 years and with fixed lease payments. Lease terms are
   negotiated on individual basis and contain different terms. In determining the lease term and
   assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract
   and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.


   The right-of-use assets are depreciated for 2 to 5 years.


   During the year, the Group entered into new lease agreements for the use of leased properties
   for 2 to 5 years. On the lease commencement, the Group recognised right-of-use assets and
   lease liabilities of HK$14,630,000 and HK$14,630,000 (2022: HK$1,355,000 and HK$1,355,000)
   respectively.


   The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for rented premises. As at 31st March, 2023
   and 2022, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which
   the short-term lease expense disclosed in this note above.


                                          Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23    95
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
           Restrictions or covenants on leases
           In addition, lease liabilities of HK$16,697,000 are recognised with related right-of-use assets of
           HK$16,430,000 as at 31st March, 2023 (2022: lease liabilities of HK$7,415,000 and related right-
           of-use assets of HK$7,111,000). The lease agreements do not impose any covenants in the leased
           assets that are held by the lessors, and the relevant leased assets may not be used as security
           for borrowing purposes.


     18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                                    HK$’000


           COST
           At 1st April, 2021, 31st March, 2022 and 2023                                               1,892


           DEPRECIATION
           At 1st April, 2021                                                                            715
           Provided for the year                                                                         202


           At 31st March, 2022                                                                           917
           Provided for the year                                                                         201


           At 31st March, 2023                                                                         1,118


           CARRYING VALUES
           At 31st March, 2023                                                                           774


           At 31st March, 2022                                                                           975


           The Group’s investment properties are erected on land in Hong Kong and are depreciated on a
           straight-line basis over the term of the lease.


           As at 31st March, 2023, the fair value of the Group’s investment properties was HK$34,700,000
           (2022: HK$34,700,000).




96   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the year ended 31st March, 2023



18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)
   The fair value of the investment properties as at 31st March, 2023 have been arrived at on the basis
   of a valuation carried out on that date by Asset Appraisal Limited (2022: Asset Appraisal Limited),
   an independent qualified professional valuer not connected with the Group. Asset Appraisal Limited
   is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors. The valuation was determined based on the
   market approach and arrived at by reference to market evidence of transaction prices for similar
   properties.


   The Group leased out its investment properties under an operating lease with fixed rental receivable
   monthly. The leases typically run for an initial period of 1 to 2 years.


   The Group is not exposed to foreign currency risk as a result of the lease arrangement, as the
   lease is denominated in the respective functional currency of the group entity. The lease contract
   does not contain residual value guarantee and/or lessee’s option to purchase the property at the
   end of lease term.


   Rental income from investment properties for the year is HK$1,147,000 (2022: HK$1,217,000). The
   direct operating expenses incurred for investment properties that generated rental income during
   the year is HK$201,000 (2022: HK$202,000).


   In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their
   current use.


   Details of the Group’s investment properties and information about the fair value hierarchy as at
   the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                               2023             2022
                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


   Commercial properties located in Hong Kong


   Carrying amount                                                               774               975


                                                                               2023             2022
                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


   Fair value at Level 3 hierarchy                                            34,700           34,700




                                         Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   97
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



     19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                                    2023               2022
                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000


           Cost of investments in associates
             Listed in the PRC                                                                    653,963             518,114
             Unlisted                                                                              18,038             183,052
           Share of post-acquisition results and other comprehensive
             income, net of dividends received:
             Listed in the PRC                                                                 1,420,110            1,060,888
             Unlisted                                                                              9,228               35,440
           Exchange adjustments                                                                  (39,968)              95,915


                                                                                               2,061,371            1,893,409


           Fair value of listed associates (Note)                                              7,880,427            6,879,781


           Note:   The fair value of the listed investments is determined based on the quoted market bid price multiplied by the
                   quantity of shares held by the Group.


           Share of results of associates
                                                                                                    2023               2022
                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000


           Listed in the PRC:
             Share of profits                                                                     241,799             193,533


           Unlisted associates:
            Share of profits                                                                           773             17,104


                                                                                                  242,572             210,637




98   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             For the year ended 31st March, 2023



19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
   Details of the Group’s associates as at 31st March, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:


                                                        Place of                Proportion of
                                                        incorporation           nominal value
                                    Form of             or registration/      of issued capital
   Name                             enterprise          operation          controlled by the Group   Principal activities
                                                                                 2023         2022


   Listed in the PRC


   Nantong Jianghai Capacitor       Sino-foreign        The PRC               29.10%       31.07%    Manufacturing and
    Co., Limited                      cooperate joint                        (Note 1)     (Note 1)    trading of aluminium
    (“Nantong Jianghai”)              stock company                                                   electrolytic capacitors,
    南通江海電容器股份有限公司                                                                                     thin film capacitors
                                                                                                      and super capacitors


   Suzhou QingYue Optoelectronics   Sino-foreign          The PRC             28.08%       35.10%    Development,
     Technology Co. Limited           cooperate joint                        (Note 2)     (Note 2)     manufacturing and
     (“Suzhou QingYue”)               stock company                                                    selling of organic
     蘇州清越光電科技股份有限公司                   (2022: Sino-foreign                                              light emitting diode
                                      cooperate limited                                                (“OLED”) display
                                      liability company)                                               products


   Unlisted associate

   Zaozhuang Reinno Electronics     Sino-foreign        The PRC               40.00%      40.00%     Development,
     Technology Co. Limited           cooperate limited                                                manufacturing and
     (“Zaozhuang Reinno”)             liability company                                                selling of flexible
     棗莊睿諾電子科技有限公司                                                                                      printed circuits and
                                                                                                       other electronic
                                                                                                       products




                                                 Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23                  99
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31st March, 2023



      19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
            Note 1: According to the “Guide to Listed Companies’ Articles of Association《上市公司章程指引》” issued by China
                    Securities Regulatory Commission, a company is treated as the controlling shareholder of a company listed in
                    the PRC if it holds more than 30% of the shareholding of the said listed company or if its shareholding/voting
                    right is enough to have a significant influence on the votings in the listed company’s shareholders general
                    meetings. Billion Power Investment Limited (“Billion Power”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, has
                    significant influence but not control, over Nantong Jianghai by virtue of the fact that it has a shareholding
                    of 29.10% (2022: 31.07%) of the voting rights. The decrease in shareholding is due to the disposal of the
                    equity interests and dilution effect in relation to the exercise of the share option by directors and employees
                    of Nantong Jianghai. In respect of the dilution, a loss on deemed disposal, amounted to HK$1,175,000
                    (2022: gain on deemed disposal of HK$465,000). Regardless of the fact that Billion Power is disclosed as the
                    controlling shareholder Nantong Jianghai in Nantong Jianghai’s public documents in the PRC, it is accounted
                    for as interest in an associate using the equity method under HKAS 28 “Investments in Associates and Joint
                    Ventures” as the Group has significant influence over the financial and operating decisions but not control of
                    Nantong Jianghai.


            Note 2: The shares of Suzhou QingYue have been listed on the Science and Technology Innovation Board of Shanghai
                    Stock Exchange and trading of the shares have commenced on 28th December, 2022. Immediately after the
                    listing, the Group’s shareholding in Suzhou QingYue has decreased from 35.10% to 28.08%. The directors
                    determines that the Group retains significant influence over Suzhou QingYue and accounts for the transaction
                    as a deemed partial disposal of its investment in Suzhou QingYue. The Group compares the carrying amount
                    of the disposed interest to its share of the cash subscribed by the other investors in order to calculate the
                    dilution gain or loss resulting from this deemed partial disposal. This results in the recognition of a dilution
                    gain of HK$196,761,000 in the consolidated financial statements of the Group. Following the partial disposal,
                    the investment in Suzhou QingYue continues to be accounted for using the equity method with the Group’s
                    share of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from Suzhou QingYue based on its remaining 28.08%
                    interest.


            Summarised financial information of material associates
            The summarised financial information of the Group’s associates is set out below. The summarised
            financial information below represents the amount shown in the associates’ financial information
            prepared in accordance with HKFRSs adjusted by the Group for equity accounting purposes.


            All of these associates are accounted for using equity method in these consolidated financial
            statements.


            Nantong Jianghai
            Financial position

                                                                                                       2023                2022
                                                                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000


            Current assets                                                                        4,701,192            4,145,235
            Non-current assets                                                                    3,062,312            2,990,664
            Current liabilities                                                                  (1,560,898)          (1,409,204)
            Non-current liabilities                                                                (438,867)            (227,786)




100   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         For the year ended 31st March, 2023



19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
   Summarised financial information of material associates (Continued)
   Nantong Jianghai (Continued)
   Results for the year

                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000


   Revenue                                                                            5,372,957           4,501,711


   Profit for the year                                                                  761,606             622,892


   Other comprehensive expense for the year                                              (17,839)           (13,039)


   Total comprehensive income for the year                                              743,767             609,853


   Dividend received from the associate during the year                                   36,327             37,427


   Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest
   in Nantong Jianghai recognised in the consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000


   Net assets of Nantong Jianghai                                                     5,763,739           5,498,909
   Non-controlling interests of Nantong Jianghai                                        (27,382)            (43,592)
   Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in
     Nantong Jianghai                                                                   29.10%              31.07%
   The Group’s share of net assets of Nantong Jianghai                                1,669,280           1,694,967
   Other adjustments (Note)                                                             (40,339)            (36,269)


   Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Nantong Jianghai                        1,628,941           1,658,698


   Note:   Other adjustments included share-based payment transaction at Nantong Jianghai granted to its employees
           and the consideration in excess of the carrying amount of the non-controlling interests of Nantong Jianghai
           upon acquisition of the additional interests in subsidiaries acquired by Nantong Jianghai.




                                               Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23            101
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31st March, 2023



      19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
            Summarised financial information of material associates (Continued)
            Suzhou QingYue
            Financial position

                                                                                               2023              2022
                                                                                            HK$’000            HK$’000


            Current assets                                                                 1,475,259           893,531
            Non-current assets                                                               991,991         1,028,702
            Current liabilities                                                             (554,935)         (866,903)
            Non-current liabilities                                                         (274,832)         (264,873)


            Results for the year

                                                                                               2023              2022
                                                                                            HK$’000            HK$’000


            Revenue                                                                        1,270,112           889,000


            Profit for the year                                                               39,537             50,555


            Other comprehensive income for the year                                             2,716            24,169


            Total comprehensive income for the year                                           42,253             74,724


            Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest
            in Suzhou QingYue recognised in the consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                               2023              2022
                                                                                            HK$’000            HK$’000


            Net assets of the Suzhou QingYue                                               1,637,483            790,457
            Non-controlling interests of Suzhou QingYue                                     (177,889)          (197,002)
            Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in
              Suzhou QingYue                                                                 28.08%             35.1%
            The Group’s share of net assets of Suzhou QingYue                                409,854           208,303
            Other adjustments (Note)                                                          (3,642)           (1,089)


            Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Suzhou QingYue                        406,212           207,214


            Note:   Other adjustments included share-based payment transaction of Suzhou QingYue granted to its employees
                    of Suzhou QingYue.


102   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the year ended 31st March, 2023



19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
   Summarised financial information of material associates (Continued)
   Zaozhuang Reinno
   Financial position

                                                                              2023             2022
                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


   Current assets                                                           152,045           99,340
   Non-current assets                                                        86,371           97,382
   Current liabilities                                                     (165,634)        (119,764)
   Non-current liabilities                                                   (7,237)          (8,216)


   Results for the year

                                                                              2023             2022
                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


   Revenue                                                                  321,249          100,988


   Profit (loss) and total comprehensive income (expense)
     for the year                                                              1,932           (1,603)


   Dividend received from the associate during the year                            –              436


   Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest
   in Zaozhuang Reinno recognised in the consolidated financial statements:


                                                                              2023             2022
                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


   Net assets of Zaozuang Reinno                                             65,545            68,742
   Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in
     Zaozhuang Reinno                                                           40%              40%


   Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in
    Zaozhuang Reinno                                                         26,218            27,497




                                        Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   103
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31st March, 2023



      20. DEBT INVESTMENTS AT AMORTISED COST
                                                                                       2023            2022
                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000


            Debt investments                                                          18,305           40,300
            Impairment gain recognised (allowance for credit losses)                  14,573           (1,256)


                                                                                      32,878           39,044


            Analysed for reporting purposes as:


            Non-current assets                                                        32,878           15,160
            Current assets                                                                 –           23,884


                                                                                      32,878           39,044


            During the current year, the Group purchased debt investments at PRC’s real estate entity with
            purchase costs of US$5,015,000 (equivalent to HK$39,320,000) (2022: US$5,882,000 (equivalent
            to HK$45,671,000)), and received repayments of debt investments amounted to US$1,157,000
            (equivalent to HK$9,084,000) (2022: US$1,000,000 (equivalents to HK$7,829,000)). These notes
            carry coupon rate ranged from 5.6% to 6.75% per annum (31st March, 2022: 5.6% to 7.25% per
            annum).


            On 31st October, 2022, the issuer of the debt investments at amortised cost (the “Issuer”)
            announced the plan to seek for the consent of the bondholders, the maturity date of all debt
            investments issued by the Issuer, which originally matured during November 2022 to September
            2023, were extended by one to two years, the Group determined the debt investments were
            default because the significant financial difficulty of the Issuer and the past due status of the
            debt investments. Accordingly, an allowance for credit losses amounted to HK$71,157,000 was
            recognised.


            In November 2022, the consent of the bondholders were obtained by the Issuer for the extension of
            maturity date of debt investments. Following the extension, these debt investments will be matured
            during June 2024 to September 2025.




104   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the year ended 31st March, 2023



20. DEBT INVESTMENTS AT AMORTISED COST (CONTINUED)
   Since the revised terms have resulted in a substantial modification from the original terms, the
   carrying amount of the debt investments of HK$9,177,000 was derecognised and the fair value of
   the modified debt investments of HK$17,897,000 was recognised at the date of modification. This
   resulted in a gain on derecognition of HK$8,720,000 which was recognised in the profit or loss
   for the year ended 31st March, 2023. Subsequent to the modification of the debt investments, an
   impairment gain of HK$14,573,000 was recognised in the profit or loss for the enhancement of
   credit risk of the modified debt investment.


   The credit-impaired effective interest rates of the modified debt investments are ranged from 1.8%
   to 11.5% (2022: effective interest rates are ranged from 8.3% to 11.8%) for the year ended 31st
   March 2023.


   Details of impairment assessment of debt investments at amortised cost are set out in note 32b.


21. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
   The intangible assets represent club memberships with indefinite useful lives.


   The club memberships currently have a second hand market and have no foreseeable limit to their
   useful lives. The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the Group will continue to hold
   the club memberships and has the ability to do so. The club memberships have been tested for
   impairment in the current year by reference to their second hand market values and no impairment
   loss has been identified for the current or prior year.


22. INVENTORIES
                                                                              2023             2022
                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


   Raw materials                                                             41,514           84,324
   Work in progress                                                          18,406           40,441
   Finished goods                                                           124,763          151,837


                                                                            184,683          276,602




                                        Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   105
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31st March, 2023



      23. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                   2023               2022
                                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000


            Trade receivables                                                                    231,858             282,752
            Less: Allowance for credit losses (Note 32(b))                                       (13,842)            (18,551)


                                                                                                 218,016             264,201


            Loan receivables (Note a)                                                             46,332              50,304
            Other receivables                                                                      7,726              10,702
            Deposits                                                                                 895               2,489
            Prepayments                                                                           27,342              60,034


                                                                                                 300,311             387,730


            Analysed for reporting purposes as:


            Non-current assets (Note b)                                                            4,892              50,068
            Current assets                                                                       295,419             337,662


                                                                                                 300,311             387,730


            Note a: Loan receivables at 31st March, 2023 mainly include:

                   (i)     the principal of the unsecured loan to the shareholder of Suzhou QingYue, associate of the Group,
                           amounting to RMB24,000,000 (equivalent to HK$27,430,000) (2022: RMB24,000,000 (equivalent to
                           HK$29,640,000)) which is repayable in August 2023 (2022: August 2023). The loan receivable carries
                           interests at fixed rate of 4.35% (2022: 4.35%).

                   (ii)    the principal of the secured loan to the shareholder of Zaozhuang Reinno, associate of the Group,
                           amounting to RMB14,000,000 (equivalent to HK$16,002,000) (2022: RMB14,000,000 (equivalent to
                           HK$17,290,000)) which is repayable on demand. The loan receivable carries interests at fixed rate of
                           2% (2022: 2%).

            Note b: Non-current assets include prepayments of property, plant and equipment as at 31st March, 2023 (2022: loan
                    to the shareholder of Suzhou QingYue and prepayments of property, plant and equipment).


            At 1st April, 2021, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to HK$175,518,000.


            The Group’s trade and other receivables that are denominated in currencies other than functional
            currencies of the relevant group entities, as stated in note 32b, amounted to HK$142,178,000
            (2022: HK$145,475,000).


            The Group has a policy of allowing credit periods ranging from 30 days to 150 days.




106   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended 31st March, 2023



23. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
   The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses, presented
   based on the invoice date.


                                                                                2023             2022
                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000


   1 – 30 days                                                                108,488          142,367
   31 – 60 days                                                                66,899           55,079
   61 – 90 days                                                                23,374           42,889
   91 – 120 days                                                               14,335           14,981
   Over 120 days                                                                4,920            8,885


                                                                              218,016          264,201


   As at 31st March, 2023, included in the Group’s trade receivables net of allowance for credit losses
   balance are debtors with aggregate carrying amount of HK$77,158,000 (2022: HK$86,651,000)
   which are past due as at the reporting date. Out of the past due balances, HK$9,329,000 (2022:
   HK$16,257,000) has been past due 90 days or more and is not considered as in default as the
   Group considered such balances could be recovered based on repayment history, the financial
   conditions and the current credit worthiness and future economy conditions of each customer. The
   Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.


   Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables are set out in note 32b.


24. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
   Bank balances and cash comprise cash held by the Group and short-term bank deposits with an
   original maturity of three months or less.


   Bank balances are interest bearing at respective saving deposits rate in Hong Kong and in the
   PRC and the effective interest rates of the Group’s bank balances ranged from 0.01% to 4.735%
   (2022: 0.01% to 2.07%) per annum.


   The Group’s bank balances and cash that are denominated in currencies other than the functional
   currencies of the relevant group entities as stated in note 32b, amounted to approximately
   HK$164,580,000 (2022: HK$69,726,000).


   Details of impairment assessment of bank balances are set out in note 32b.




                                         Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23    107
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31st March, 2023



      25. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                     2023           2022
                                                                                  HK$’000         HK$’000


            Trade payables                                                        153,475          196,551
            Accrued charges                                                        91,055           83,439
            Other payables                                                         26,907           39,471


                                                                                  271,437          319,461


            The following is an aged analysis by invoice date of trade payables at the end of the reporting
            period:


                                                                                     2023           2022
                                                                                  HK$’000         HK$’000


            1 – 30 days                                                            81,451          115,754
            31 – 60 days                                                           27,544           29,969
            61 – 90 days                                                           12,767           22,634
            91 – 120 days                                                          15,831           11,856
            Over 120 days                                                          15,882           16,338


                                                                                  153,475          196,551


            The credit period on purchase of goods is 30 days to 120 days.


            The Group’s trade and other payables that are denominated in foreign currencies, other
            than functional currencies of the relevant group entities, amounted to HK$24,952,000 (2022:
            HK$19,943,000).




108   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended 31st March, 2023



26. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                 2023             2022
                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000


   Deposits received from customers                                             39,303           47,742


   As at 1st April, 2021, contract liabilities amounted to HK$14,938,000.


   No significant financing component is involved for the above contract liabilities as they are realised
   within one year.


   The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised relates to carried-forward contract
   liabilities and how much relates to performance obligations that were satisfied in current year.


                                                                                    Amounts received
                                                                                 in advance for sales
                                                                                 of Displays products
                                                                                             HK$’000


   For the year ended 31st March, 2023
   Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities
     balance at the beginning of the year                                                        47,742


   For the year ended 31st March, 2022
   Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities
     balance at the beginning of the year                                                        14,938


   Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognised are as follows:


   Contract liabilities primarily relate to deposits from customers when the sale order is issued. The
   Group receives 30% to 100% (2022: 30% to 100%)of the contract value as deposits from certain
   new customers when the sale order is issued. The entire amount of contract liabilities will be
   recognised as revenue when the customers obtained the control of the products.




                                          Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23    109
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31st March, 2023



      27. BANK BORROWINGS
                                                                                      2023            2022
                                                                                   HK$’000          HK$’000


            Bank borrowings – unsecured                                               4,284           12,033


            Carrying amount of bank borrowings repayable based on
             scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements:
             Within one year                                                          4,284           12,033


            Amounts due within one year shown under current liabilities               4,284           12,033


            The bank borrowings are carried interest at a fixed rate of 2.51% (2022: 2.51% to 3.2%) per annum
            for the year ended 31st March, 2023.


      28. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                      2023            2022
                                                                                   HK$’000          HK$’000


            Lease liabilities payable:


            Within one year                                                           4,750            4,477
            Within a period of more than one year but not more than
             two years                                                                3,499            1,888
            Within a period of more than two years but not more than
             five years                                                               8,448            1,050


                                                                                     16,697            7,415
            Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under
                   current liabilities                                               (4,750)          (4,477)


            Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
             non-current liabilities                                                 11,947            2,938


            The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities is 3.99% (2022:
            4.13%).




110   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              For the year ended 31st March, 2023



29. DEFERRED TAXATION
   The deferred tax liabilities (assets) recognised and movements thereon during the current and
   prior years are as follows:


                                             Temporary                        Undistributed
                                             differences                              other
                                           on interest in   Undistributed    comprehensive
                                             associates         profits in       income in
                                                   (Note)     associates        associates      Others          Total
                                                 HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000


   At 1st April, 2021                             32,981           39,263              929        1,911         75,084
   Withholding tax paid                                –           (1,893)               –       (2,338)        (4,231)
   Charge to profit or loss                            –           11,419                –          258         11,677
   Charge to other comprehensive income                –                –              646            –            646
   Exchange differences                            1,342            1,770               50           45          3,207


   At 31st March, 2022                            34,323           50,559             1,625       (124)         86,383
   Withholding tax paid                           (2,176)          (4,060)                –          –          (6,236)
   Charge to profit or loss                       19,676           12,788                 –          –          32,464
   Credit to other comprehensive income                –                –              (177)         –            (177)
   Exchange differences                           (2,182)          (3,805)             (120)         –          (6,107)


   At 31st March, 2023                            49,641           55,482             1,328       (124)        106,327


   Note:    Pursuant to the non-public offering of shares of Nantong Jianghai in 2016 and public offering of shares of
            Suzhou QingYue in 2022, the Group’s interest in Nantong Jianghai and Suzhou QingYue increased, resulting
            in an increase in the temporary differences in interests in associates.


   Under the EIT Law, distributable profits earned by foreign investment enterprises since 1st January,
   2008 are subject to withholding tax of 10% of profit distributed to non-resident investors. However,
   pursuant to the Arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
   for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion, the withholding tax
   aforementioned can be reduced to 5%, if the non-resident investor is a Hong Kong incorporated
   company, provided that the Hong Kong incorporated company beneficially owns no less than 25%
   of the PRC company.




                                                Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23            111
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31st March, 2023



      29. DEFERRED TAXATION (CONTINUED)
            At the end of the reporting period, the Group had temporary differences, including unused tax
            losses, allowance for credit losses on trade and other receivables and interest receivables of
            debt investments at amortised cost, allowance of inventories, acceleration of depreciation, etc,
            amounted to HK$23,650,000 (2022: HK$22,159,000) available for offset against future profits.
            No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of such losses and temporary differences
            for both years due to the unpredictability of future profit streams. Included in unrecognised tax
            losses are HK$1,653,000 (2022: HK$1,261,000) that will expire within five years. The remaining
            unrecognised tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely.

            The Group has recognised a deferred tax liability for the Group’s share of the undistributed
            distributable profits earned by its PRC associates since 1st January, 2008. Deferred tax liabilities
            in respect of the distributable profits retained by the Group’s PRC subsidiaries have not been
            recognised as the Group is able to control the timing of reversal of temporary differences of the
            subsidiaries and it is probable that the temporary differences will not be reversed in the foreseeable
            future.

      30. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                      Number               Share
                                                                                     of shares            capital
                                                                                          ’000           HK$’000


            Authorised ordinary shares of HK$0.2 each                                2,000,000           400,000


            Issued and fully paid
              At 1st April, 2021                                                       999,641           199,928
              Share repurchased and cancelled                                           (6,560)           (1,312)


               At 31st March, 2022                                                     993,081           198,616
               Share repurchased and cancelled                                         (16,899)           (3,380)


               At 31st March, 2023                                                     976,182           195,236




112   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the year ended 31st March, 2023



30. SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)
   During the current year, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through SEHK as
   follows:


                                                Number
                                             of ordinary                                Aggregate
                                               shares of        Price per share      consideration
   Month of repurchase                      HK$0.2 each        Highest        Lowest          paid
                                                    ’000           HK$            HK$         HK$’000


   June 2022                                         680           3.09           3.00          2,079
   July 2022                                       3,920           3.35           2.94         12,351
   August 2022                                     1,800           3.09           2.98          5,509
   September 2022                                  2,079           3.07           2.90          6,246
   October 2022                                    3,236           3.02           2.89          9,615
   November 2022                                     152           2.95           2.90            447
   December 2022                                   1,374           3.10           2.68          4,061
   January 2023                                    1,440           3.10           2.99          4,404
   February 2023                                   1,832           3.05           2.94          5,524
   March 2023                                      2,642           3.03           2.49          7,509


   Total                                          19,155                                       57,745


   16,899,171 out of total repurchased ordinary shares were cancelled during the current year, while
   the remaining 2,256,000 repurchased ordinary shares were subsequently cancelled in June 2023.


   None of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed
   securities during the current period.


31. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
   The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a
   going concern while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt
   and equity balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior years. The capital
   structure of the Group consists of equity attributable to equity holders of the Group, comprising
   issued share capital and reserves.


   The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a semi-annual basis. As part of this
   review, the directors of the Company consider the cost of capital and risks associated with each
   class of capital. Based on recommendations of the directors of the Company, the Group will balance
   its overall structure through the payment of dividends, new share issues and share repurchases
   as well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debt.




                                        Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   113
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31st March, 2023



      32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
            32a. Categories of financial instruments
                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000


            Financial assets
            At amortised cost                                                            606,160           471,074


            Financial liabilities
            At amortised cost                                                            184,666           248,055
            Derivative financial instruments                                               3,262                73


            32b. Financial risk management objective and policies
            The Group’s financial instruments include derivative financial instruments, trade receivables, loan
            receivables, other receivables and deposits, debt investments at amortised cost, cash and cash
            equivalents, trade and other payables, bank borrowings and lease liabilities. Details of these
            financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with these financial
            instruments include market risks (currency risk and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.
            The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management of the Group
            manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a
            timely and effective manner.


                   Market risks
                   (i)    Currency risk

                          Several group entities have foreign currency sales and purchases, which expose the
                          Group to foreign currency risk. Approximately 52% (2022: 50%) of the Group’s sales
                          are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the group entities
                          making the sale, whilst approximately 18% (2022: 23%) of purchases of raw materials
                          are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the group entities.




114   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                              For the year ended 31st March, 2023



32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   32b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
        Market risks (Continued)
        (i)   Currency risk (Continued)

              The carrying amount of the Group’s significant monetary assets, including trade and
              other receivables, debt investments at amortised cost, cash and cash equivalents,
              monetary liabilities, including trade and other payables and intercompany balances,
              denominated at the currencies other than the functional currency of the relevant group
              entity, at the end of reporting period are as follows:


                                                    Assets                       Liabilities
                                                  2023           2022           2023             2022
                                              HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000


              HKD                               76,650         76,772              67           79,546
              RMB                               22,725         33,557           7,226                –
              Taiwan dollars (“NT$”)             6,746          7,429             389                –
              Japanese Yen (“JPY”)                  84            487             616            1,174
              United States dollars
                (“US$”)                       444,527         336,857        155,002           144,586
              Swiss franc (“CHF”)               2,914           3,188              –            18,947


              The Group uses foreign exchange forward contracts to reduce certain foreign
              currency risk exposure between USD and RMB. At 31st March, 2023, the Group
              has entered into forward contracts in relation to the foreign currency amounting
              to HK$212,735,000 (2022: HK$109,217,000). The Group currently has a foreign
              exchange hedging policy and will consider hedging significant foreign exchange
              exposure should the need arises.




                                       Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23    115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31st March, 2023



      32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            32b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
                   Market risks (Continued)
                   (i)    Currency risk (Continued)

                          Sensitivity analysis

                          The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease in
                          the functional currencies of the relevant group entities against the relevant foreign
                          currencies. 5% is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk
                          internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment
                          of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis
                          includes outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their
                          translation at the year end for a 5% change in foreign currency rates. A positive
                          number below indicates an increase in post-tax profit where the functional currency
                          of the relevant group entities weaken 5% against relevant currencies. For a 5%
                          strengthening of the functional currency of the relevant group entities against the
                          relevant currencies, there would be an equal and opposite impact on the post-tax
                          profit, and the balances below would be negative.


                                                                                        2023            2022
                                                                                     HK$’000          HK$’000


                          HKD                                                           3,197             (116)
                          RMB                                                             647            1,401
                          NT$                                                             265              310
                          JPY                                                             (22)             (29)
                          CHF                                                             122             (658)


                          For the group entities with functional currency in HK$, as HK$ is pegged to US$,
                          the exposure of a fluctuation in exchange risk of HK$ against US$ is not considered
                          significant and thus the effect is not considered in the sensitivity analysis.


                          In management’s opinion, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent
                          foreign exchange risk as the year end exposure does not reflect the exposure during
                          the year.




116   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the year ended 31st March, 2023



32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   32b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
        Market risks (Continued)
        (ii)   Interest rate risk

               The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank
               balances (see note 24 for details).


               The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to debt investments
               at amortised cost (see note 20 for details), loan receivables (see note 23 for details),
               bank borrowings (see note 27 for details) and lease liabilities (see note 28 for details).


               The directors of Company consider that cash flow interest rate risk is insignificant.
               The management continuously monitors interest rate fluctuations and will consider
               further hedging the interest rate risk should the need arise.


               Sensitivity analysis

               No sensitivity analysis is presented since the directors of the Company consider the
               exposure of cash flow interest rate risk arising from variable-rate bank balances are
               limited due to their short maturities.

        Credit risk and impairment assessment
        At the end of the reporting period, the carrying amount of the respective recognised financial
        assets stated in the consolidated statement of financial position as trade receivables, loan
        receivables, other receivables and deposits, debt investments at amortised cost and bank
        balances represents the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause of
        financial loss due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties.


        Trade receivables

        In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team
        responsible for determination of credit limits and credit approvals. Before accepting any
        new customer, the Group assesses the potential customer’s credit quality and defines
        corresponding credit limits. Credit quality and limit attributed to customers are reviewed
        regularly. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to
        recover overdue debts. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s
        credit risk is significantly reduced. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment
        under ECL model on trade balances based on individual assessment for those debtors with
        credit-impaired and/or collective assessment through grouping of various debtors that have
        similar loss patterns, after considering ageing, repayment history and/or past due status of
        respective trade receivables.




                                        Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23      117
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31st March, 2023



      32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            32b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
                   Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
                   Trade receivables (Continued)

                   The amounts due from the Group’s five largest debtors which are all engaged in manufacturing
                   and trading of electronic consumer products in Hong Kong, Mainland China and United
                   States and with a good payment history, accounted for 26% (2022: 26%) of the Group’s total
                   trade receivables. The Group monitors the level of exposures to ensure that follow up actions
                   and/or corrective measures are taken promptly to lower the risk exposure or to recover the
                   overdue balances. Other than the above, the Group has no other significant concentration
                   risk, with exposures spread over a large number of counterparties and customers.


                   Loan receivables

                   The Group has a policy for assessing the impairment on loans receivables on individual
                   basis. These debtors are mainly shareholders of associates or employees of the Group.
                   The ECL rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates and forward looking
                   information, including but not limited to the historical settlement patterns and financial status
                   of each borrower, and forecasted global economy, respectively.


                   Based on assessment by the management, the probability of default is low in view of
                   the historical observed default rates, the credit quality classification and forward-looking
                   information, including but not limited to the historical settlement patterns and financial status
                   of each borrower and the management considers the ECL for loan receivables is insignificant
                   and therefore no loss allowance was recognised.


                   Other receivables and deposits

                   For other receivables and deposits, the management makes periodic individual assessment
                   on the recoverability of other receivables and deposits based on historical settlement
                   records, past experience, and also quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable
                   and supportive forward-looking information. The management believes that there are no
                   significant increase in credit risk of these amounts since initial recognition and the Group
                   provided impairment based on 12m ECL. For the year ended 31st March, 2023, no ECL
                   allowance on other receivables (2022: HK$1,310,000) is recognised in the profit or loss.


                   Debt investments at amortised cost

                   The Group only invests in debt investments at amortised cost. The Group’s debt investments
                   at amortised cost mainly comprise listed bonds that are graded in speculative credit risk
                   investments (Caa3 in Moody’s Rating Scale) as per globally understood definitions. During
                   the year ended 31st March, 2023, ECL on debt investments at amortised cost amounting to
                   HK$56,584,000 (2022: HK$1,256,000) is recognised in the profit or loss.




118   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             For the year ended 31st March, 2023



32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   32b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
        Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
        Bank balances

        The credit risks on bank balances are limited because the counterparties are banks with
        high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.


        The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:


        Internal                                                                  Other
        credit rating   Description                       Trade receivables       financial assets


        Low risk        The counterparty has a low risk Lifetime ECL - not        12m ECL
                        of default and does not have    credit-impaired
                        any past-due amounts


        Watch list      Debtor frequently repays after    Lifetime ECL - not      12m ECL
                        due dates but usually settle in   credit-impaired
                        full


        Doubtful        There have been significant      Lifetime ECL - not       Lifetime ECL -
                        increases in credit risk since   credit-impaired          not credit-
                        initial recognition through                               impaired
                        information developed internally
                        or external resources

        Loss            There is evidence indicating the Lifetime ECL - credit- Lifetime ECL -
                        asset is credit-impaired         impaired               credit-impaired


        Write-off       There is evidence indicating    Amount is written off     Amount is
                        that the debtor is in severe                              written off
                        financial difficulty and the
                        Group has no realistic prospect
                        of recovery




                                      Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   119
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31st March, 2023



      32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            32b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
                   Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
                   The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are
                   subject to ECL assessment:

                                                      External     Internal                                     Gross          Gross
                                                       credit       credit                                    carrying       carrying
                                             Notes     rating       rating      12m or lifetime ECL            amount         amount
                                                                                                                  2023          2022
                                                                                                              HK$’000        HK$’000


                   Financial assets at
                     amortised cost
                   Debt investments at          20     (Note i)      N/A        Lifetime ECL                    18,305         40,300
                     amortised cost                                                (2022: 12m ECL)

                   Trade receivables            23       N/A       (Note iii)   Lifetime ECL                  218,695        275,196
                                                                                   (collective assessment)
                                                                     Loss       Lifetime ECL                    13,163          7,556
                                                                   (Note iii)      (individual assessment)

                   Loan receivables             23       N/A       (Note iv)    12m ECL                         46,332         50,304

                   Other receivables and        23       N/A       (Note iv)    12m ECL                         18,130         14,501
                     deposits

                   Bank balances                24    (Note ii)      N/A        12m ECL                       300,171        104,217

                   Notes:

                   (i)      The Group’s debt investments at amortised cost mainly comprise listed bonds that are graded in
                            the speculative credit risk investments (Caa3 in Moody’s Rating Scale) as per globally understood
                            definitions and therefore are considered to be speculative credit risk investments.

                   (ii)     Bank balances are deposited with financial institutions with high credit rating (A1 to Aa3 in Moody’s
                            Rating Scale) and are considered low credit risk financial assets. The directors of the Company
                            consider these assets are short-term in nature and the probability of default is negligible on the basis
                            of high-credit ratings. Therefore, no impairment allowance are made on theses balances.

                   (iii)    As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group applies internal credit rating for its customers.
                            The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables which
                            are assessed based on collective assessment within lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired). Debtors
                            with credit-impaired with gross carrying amounts of HK$13,163,000 as at 31st March, 2023 (2022:
                            HK$7,556,000) were assessed individually.

                   (iv)     For the purpose of internal credit risk management, the Group uses historical observed default rates
                            and forward looking information, including but not limited to the historical settlement patterns and
                            financial status of each borrower, and forecasted global economy, respectively, for loan receivables.
                            In addition, the management makes periodic individual assessment on the recoverability of other
                            receivables and deposits based on historical settlement records, past experience, and also quantitative
                            and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportive forward-looking information. The
                            management believes that there are no significant increase in credit risk of these amounts since initial
                            recognition and the Group provided impairment based on 12m ECL. For the year ended 31st March,
                            2022, ECL allowance on other receivables amounted to HK$1,310,000 (2023: nil) is recognised in the
                            profit or loss.




120   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             For the year ended 31st March, 2023



32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   32b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
        Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
        Gross carrying amount

                                                     2023                           2022
                                              Average        Trade           Average          Trade
                                             loss rate receivables          loss rate   receivables
                                                    %     HK$’000                  %       HK$’000


        Internal credit rating
        Low risk                                  0.21       172,026            2.31       212,953
        Watch list                                0.68        46,661            5.85        40,802
        Doubtful                                  3.65             8           18.49        21,441
        Loss                                       100        13,163             100         7,556


                                                             231,858                       282,752


        The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the
        expected life of the debtors and forward-looking information that is available without undue
        cost or effort. The grouping is regularly reviewed by the management of the Group to ensure
        relevant information about specific debtors is updated.




                                      Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   121
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31st March, 2023



      32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            32b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
                   Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
                   Gross carrying amount (Continued)

                   The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade
                   receivables under the simplified approach.


                                                                         Lifetime    Lifetime
                                                                             ECL,        ECL,
                                                                       not-credit      credit-
                                                                        impaired    impaired         Total
                                                                        HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000


                   At 1st April, 2021                                     13,446        2,718        16,164
                   Changes due to financial instruments
                     recognised as at 1st April, 2021:
                   – Transfer to credit-impaired                            (622)         622             –
                   – Impairment loss recognised                                –        2,357         2,357
                   – Impairment loss reversed                            (10,094)      (1,377)      (11,471)
                   New financial assets originated                         7,776        3,013        10,789
                   Exchange realignment                                      489          223           712


                   At 31st March, 2022                                    10,995        7,556        18,551
                   Changes due to financial instruments
                     recognised as at 1st April, 2022:
                   – Transfer to credit-impaired                            (213)         213             –
                   – Impairment loss recognised                                –          103           103
                   – Impairment loss reversed                             (6,485)      (6,218)      (12,703)
                   New financial assets originated                         8,904        1,961        10,865
                   Exchange realignment                                   (2,572)        (402)       (2,974)


                   At 31st March, 2023                                    10,629        3,213        13,842




122   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the year ended 31st March, 2023



32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   32b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
        Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
        Gross carrying amount (Continued)

        Changes in the loss allowance for trade receivables are mainly due to:


                                                      2023                             2022
                                             Increase/(decrease)             Increase/(decrease)
                                                in lifetime ECL                 in lifetime ECL
                                            Not credit-       Credit-       Not credit-        Credit-
                                             impaired       impaired         impaired        impaired
                                               HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000


        Trade debtors with a
          gross carrying amount
          of HK$1,270,000
          (2022: HK$2,979,000)
          defaulted and transferred
          to credit-impaired                       (213)            213           (622)            622


        Settlement in full of trade
          debtors with a gross
          carrying amount of
          HK$137,413,000
          (2022: HK$153,346,000)                 (6,485)         (6,218)       (10,094)         (1,377)

        New trade receivables with
         gross carrying amount of
         HK$103,686,000
         (2022: HK$282,752,000)                   8,904           1,961          7,776           3,013


        The Group writes off a trade receivable when there is information indicating that the debtor
        is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the
        debtor has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or
        when the trade receivables are over two years past due, whichever occurs earlier.




                                       Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23     123
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31st March, 2023



      32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            32b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
                   Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
                   Gross carrying amount (Continued)

                   The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for debt
                   investments at amortised cost.


                                                                                  Lifetime
                                                                               ECL, credit-
                                                                       12m ECL   impaired           Total
                                                                       HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000


                   At 1st April, 2021                                         –            –             –
                   New financial assets originated                        1,256            –         1,256


                   At 31st March, 2022                                    1,256            –         1,256
                   Changes due to financial instruments
                     recognised as at 1st April, 2022:
                     – Transfer to credit-impaired                       (1,256)       1,256             –
                     – Impairment loss recognised                             –       27,559        27,559
                     – Settlement                                             –       (2,176)       (2,176)
                     – Derecognition upon substantial
                         modification                                         –      (26,639)      (26,639)


                   New financial assets originated
                    – Impairment loss recognised                              –       43,598        43,598
                    – Derecognition upon substantial
                         modification                                         –      (43,598)      (43,598)
                    – Impairment gain recognised                              –      (14,573)      (14,573)


                   At 31st March, 2023                                        –      (14,573)      (14,573)




124   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             For the year ended 31st March, 2023



32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   32b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
        Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
        Gross carrying amount (Continued)

        Changes in the loss allowance for debt investments at amortised cost are mainly due to:


                                                    2023                            2022
                                           Increase/(decrease)            Increase/(decrease)
                                              in lifetime ECL                in lifetime ECL
                                          Not credit-       Credit-      Not credit-        Credit-
                                           impaired       impaired        impaired        impaired
                                             HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000


        Debt investments at amortised
         cost with a gross carrying
         amount of HK$40,300,000
         (2022: nil) defaulted and
         transferred to credit-impaired        (1,256)         1,256               –              –


        Settlement in full of debt
          investments at amortised cost
          with a gross carrying amount
          of HK$9,084,000 (2022: nil)                –          (278)              –              –


        Debt investments at amortised
         cost with a gross carrying
         amount of HK$70,964,000
         (2022: nil) derecognised                    –        70,237               –              –


        New debt investments
         at amortised cost with
         gross carrying amount
         of HK$18,305,000
         (2022: HK$40,300,000)                       –       (14,573)          1,256              –




                                      Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   125
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31st March, 2023



      32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            32b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
                   Liquidity risk
                   In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash
                   and cash equivalents deemed adequate by the management of the Group to finance the
                   Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management
                   of the Group monitors the utilisation of banking facilities and ensures compliance with loan
                   covenants.


                   As at 31st March, 2023, the Group’s banking facilities amounted to HK$160,700,000 (2022:
                   HK$160,100,000) of which approximately HK$4,284,000 (2022: HK$12,033,000) were
                   utilised for issuance of letters of credit and bank borrowings.

                   Liquidity table

                   The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial
                   liabilities based on the agreed repayment terms. The tables have been drawn up based on
                   the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the
                   Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates for non-derivative financial liabilities are
                   based on the agreed repayment dates.


                   The table includes both interest and principal cash flows.


                   In addition, the following table details the Group’s liquidity analysis for its derivative financial
                   instruments. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted contractual net cash
                   outflows on derivative instruments that settle on a net basis. The liquidity analysis for the
                   Group’s derivative financial instruments are prepared based on the contractual settlement
                   dates as the management of the Group considers that the settlement dates are essential
                   for an understanding of the timing of the cash flows of derivatives.




126   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           For the year ended 31st March, 2023



32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   32b. Financial risk management objective and policies (Continued)
        Liquidity risk (Continued)
        Liquidity table (Continued)


                                                     Repayable
                                      Weighted      on demand                                         Total
                                        average    or less than                               undiscounted    Carrying
                                   interest rate         1 year   1 to 2 years   2 to 5 years    cash flow     amount
                                              %        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000


        At 31st March, 2023
        Non-derivative financial
          liabilities
        Trade and other payables              –        180,382              –              –       180,382    180,382
        Bank borrowings                    2.51          4,284              –              –         4,284      4,284

        Other item
        Lease liabilities                  3.99          5,316          4,367          8,465        18,148      16,697


                                                       189,982          4,367          8,465       202,814    201,363


        Derivatives
        Foreign currency forward
          contracts                           –          3,262              –              –          3,262      3,262


        At 31st March, 2022
        Non-derivative financial
          liabilities
        Trade and other payables              –        236,022              –              –       236,022    236,022
        Bank borrowings                    2.83         12,374              –              –        12,374     12,033

        Other item
        Lease liabilities                  4.13          4,808          1,963          1,067          7,838      7,415


                                                       253,204          1,963          1,067       256,234    255,470


        Derivatives
        Foreign currency forward
          contracts                           –             73              –              –            73         73


        The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments for non-derivative financial
        liabilities are subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ to those estimates
        of interest rates determined at the end of the reporting period.


                                              Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23             127
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31st March, 2023



      32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            32c. Fair value measurements of financial instruments
                   Some of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at fair value for financial reporting
                   purposes. In estimating the fair value, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it
                   is available. Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the Group engages third party qualified
                   valuers to perform the valuation or to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and
                   inputs to the model.


                   Some of the Group’s financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each
                   reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of
                   these financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation
                   technique(s) and inputs used).


                                                                       Fair value   Valuation technique(s) and key
                                               Fair value as at        hierarchy    input(s)
                                           31st March, 31st March,
                                                 2023        2022
                   Financial liabilities     HK$’000      HK$’000


                   Derivative financial
                     instruments
                   – Foreign currency           (3,262)        (73) Level 2         Future cash flows are estimated
                     forward contracts                                              based on forward exchange (from
                                                                                    observable forward exchange
                                                                                    at the end of the reporting
                                                                                    period) and contracted forward
                                                                                    rates, discounted at rates that
                                                                                    reflect the credit risk of various
                                                                                    counterparties.


                   Except as detailed in the above table, the fair value of the Group’s financial assets and
                   financial liabilities are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis:


                   –      The fair value of other financial assets and financial liabilities are determined in
                          accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on a discounted cash flow
                          analysis.


                   –      The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets
                          and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial
                          statements approximate their fair values, except for the debt investments at amortised
                          cost which were detailed below.




128   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the year ended 31st March, 2023



32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   32c. Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)
         Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are
         not measured at fair value on a recurring basis
         Except as detailed in the following table, the management considers that the carrying
         amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recognised in the consolidated financial
         statements approximate their fair values.


         As at 31st March, 2023


                                       Carrying                      Fair value
         Financial assets               amount       Fair value      hierarchy    Key input
                                       HK$’000        HK$’000


         Debt investments at                                                      Quoted bid price in
          amortised cost                  32,878         37,164         Level 1   an active market


         As at 31st March, 2022


                                        Carrying                     Fair value
         Financial assets                amount       Fair value      hierarchy Key input
                                        HK$’000        HK$’000


         Debt investments at                                                    Quoted bid price in
          amortised cost                  39,044         31,816         Level 1 an active market


         The carrying amount includes accrued interest receivables.


33. CAPITAL COMMITMENT
                                                                               2023             2022
                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


   Expenditure contracted for but not provided in the consolidated
     financial statements in respect of:
     – Acquisition of plant and machinery and
          construction in progress                                             1,588             9,367




                                        Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23    129
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31st March, 2023



      34. OPERATING LEASES
            The Group as lessor
            All of the properties held for rental purposes have committed leases for the next 2 years.


            Undiscounted lease payments receivable on leases are as follows:


                                                                                         2023             2022
                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000


            Within one year                                                              1,046             1,214
            In the second year                                                               –             1,116


                                                                                         1,046             2,330


      35. SHARE AWARD SCHEME
            The purpose of the share award scheme is to recognise and motivate the contribution of certain
            qualifying person and to provide incentives and help the Group in retaining its existing qualifying
            person and recruiting additional qualifying person for the continual operation and development of
            the Group and to provide them with a direct economic interest in attaining the long-term business
            objectives of the Company.


            The share award scheme of the Company was adopted by the board of directors on 24th October,
            2012. Pursuant to the share award scheme, existing shares will be purchased by the trustee from
            the market out of cash contributed by the Group and be held in trust for the relevant selected
            participants until such shares are vested upon retirement age or from the sixth year of grant with
            the relevant selected participants in accordance with the provisions of the scheme, whichever is
            earlier. When the selected participant has satisfied all vesting conditions specified by the board at
            the time of making the award and become entitled to the shares forming the subject of the award,
            the trustee shall transfer the relevant vested shares to that qualifying person.


            Recognition of equity-settled share-based payment expenses under share award scheme during
            the year was approximately HK$1,538,000 (2022: HK$2,350,000).




130   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the year ended 31st March, 2023



35. SHARE AWARD SCHEME (CONTINUED)
   Details of specific categories of share awards are as follows:


   Financial year of grant          Vesting period                                  Number of shares
                                                                                    As at 31st March
                                                                                      2023         2022


   2013/2014                        From 1st April, 2019 to 31st March, 2024        272,000       584,000
   2014/2015                        From 1st April, 2020 to 31st March, 2025        557,600       932,400
   2015/2016                        From 1st April, 2021 to 31st March, 2026        582,000       846,400
   2016/2017                        From 1st April, 2022 to 31st March, 2027        928,000     1,220,000
   2017/2018                        From 1st April, 2023 to 31st March, 2028      1,070,000     1,130,000
   2018/2019                        From 1st April, 2024 to 31st March, 2029      1,860,000     1,920,000
   2019/2020                        From 1st April, 2025 to 31st March, 2030      2,560,000     2,660,000


                                                                                  7,829,600     9,292,800


   Movements in the number of unvested awarded shares were as follows:


                                                                                        Number of shares


   At 1st April, 2021                                                                          10,930,000
   Vested (Note)                                                                               (1,434,000)
   Forfeited                                                                                     (203,200)


   At 31st March, 2022                                                                          9,292,800
   Vested (Note)                                                                               (1,058,400)
   Forfeited                                                                                     (404,800)


   At 31st March, 2023                                                                          7,829,600


   All the awarded shares are purchased from the market.

   Note:   These represent awarded shares vested during the year.




                                             Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   131
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31st March, 2023



      36. RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS
            The Group participates in the MPF Scheme for all qualifying employees in Hong Kong. The assets
            of the MPF Schemes are held separately from those of the Group, in funds under the control
            of trustees. The Group contributes 5% of the relevant payroll costs to the MPF Scheme, which
            contribution is matched by employees.


            The retirement benefit scheme contributions arising from the MPF Scheme charged in profit or
            loss represent contributions paid or payable to the funds by the Group at rates specified in the
            rules of the schemes.


            The employees of the group entities in the PRC are members of a state-managed retirement benefit
            scheme operated by the government in the PRC. The group entities are required to contribute a
            specified percentage of payroll costs to the retirement benefit scheme to fund the benefits. The
            only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefit scheme is to make the specified
            contributions.


            The total cost charged to profit or loss of approximately HK$19,661,000 (2022: HK$17,360,000)
            represents contributions payable to these schemes by the Group in respect of the current year.




132   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     For the year ended 31st March, 2023



37. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING
    ACTIVITIES
   The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including
   both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which
   cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of
   cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.


                                                                                 Dividend
                                                                                  payable
                                                                                   to non-
                                           Bank            Lease      Dividend controlling
                                      borrowings       liabilities    payables   interests              Total
                                          HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000
                                           (Note)


   At 1st April, 2021                        4,205        10,579              –              –        14,784
   Financing cash flows                      7,531        (5,229)       (19,517)        (5,155)      (22,370)
   New lease entered (Note 17)                   –         1,355              –              –         1,355
   Interest expenses                           235           397              –              –           632
   Declaration of dividend                       –             –         19,517          5,155        24,672
   Exchange realignment                         62           313              –              –           375


   At 31st March, 2022                     12,033          7,415             –               –        19,448
   Financing cash flows                    (8,196)        (5,422)     (241,106)         (5,673)     (260,397)
   New lease entered (Note 17)                  –         14,630             –               –        14,630
   Interest expenses                          605            338             –               –           943
   Declaration of dividend                      –              –       241,106           5,673       246,779
   Exchange realignment                      (158)          (264)            –               –          (422)


   At 31st March, 2023                       4,284        16,697               –              –       20,981


   Note:   The financing cash flows from bank borrowings make up the net amount of new bank borrowings raised,
           repayment of bank borrowings and interest paid in the consolidated statement of cash flows.




                                            Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23       133
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31st March, 2023



      38. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            Saved as the transactions and balances with related parties disclosed in the consolidated statement
            of financial position and note 12, the Group entered into the following transactions with related
            parties.


            38a. Transactions with related parties
                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000


                   Interest income from loans to shareholders of associates             1,449            1,562


            38b. Compensation of key management personnel
                   The remuneration of key management personnel during the year was as follows:


                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000


                   Short-term benefits                                                  9,394            8,494
                   Share-based payment expenses                                           477              717
                   Post-employment benefits                                               368              277


                                                                                      10,239             9,488


                   The remuneration of directors of the Company who are also key management personnel, is
                   determined by the remuneration committee having regard to the performance of individual
                   and market trends.


      39. COMPARATIVE FIGURES
            Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform with the current year’s presentation
            of the consolidated financial statements.




134   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the year ended 31st March, 2023



40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE
    COMPANY
                                                                              2023             2022
                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


   Non-current assets
   Investments in subsidiaries                                               83,394           83,394
   Amounts due from subsidiaries                                            107,752          276,840
   Debt investments at amortised cost                                        32,878           15,160


                                                                            224,024          375,394


   Current assets
   Amounts due from subsidiaries                                            174,280           75,270
   Other receivables                                                            483              355
   Debt investments at amortised cost                                             –           23,884
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                122,426           23,981


                                                                            297,189          123,490


   Current liabilities
   Accrued charges                                                            6,577            6,086
   Amounts due to subsidiaries                                               65,180           58,741


                                                                             71,757           64,827


   Net current assets                                                       225,432           58,663


                                                                            449,456          434,057


   Capital and reserves
   Share capital                                                            195,236          198,616
   Reserves                                                                 254,220          235,441


                                                                            449,456          434,057




                                        Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   135
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31st March, 2023



      40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE
          COMPANY (CONTINUED)
            Movement of reserves
                                                                                                Shares held
                                                                           Capital     Share      for share
                                                                Share redemption       award         award Contributed     Other    Retained
                                                             premium      reserve    reserve       scheme     surplus    reserve      profits     Total
                                                              HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000
                                                                                                                (Note)


            At 1st April, 2021                                110,750       10,132    11,219       (27,269)     49,259         –      69,364    223,455
            Profit and total comprehensive income
              for the year                                          –           –          –             –          –          –      52,812     52,812
            Repurchase and cancellation of
              ordinary shares (note 30)                             –        1,312         –             –          –          –     (19,948)    (18,636)
            Shares purchased for share award scheme                 –            –         –        (5,023)         –          –           –      (5,023)
            Recognition of equity-settled share-based
              payment expenses under
              share award scheme (note 35)                          –           –      2,350             –          –          –           –       2,350
            Shares vested under share award scheme
              (note 35)                                             –           –     (1,887)        4,580          –          –      (2,693)          –
            Dividends recognised as distribution (note 14)          –           –          –             –          –          –     (19,517)    (19,517)


            At 31st March, 2022                               110,750       11,444    11,682       (27,712)     49,259         –      80,018    235,441
            Profit and total comprehensive income
              for the year                                          –           –          –             –          –          –     321,790    321,790
            Repurchase and cancellation of
              ordinary shares (note 30)                             –        3,831         –             –          –       (451)    (57,745)    (54,365)
            Shares purchased for share award scheme                 –            –         –        (9,170)         –          –           –      (9,170)
            Recognition of equity-settled share-based
              payment expenses under
              share award scheme (note 35)                          –           –      1,538             –          –          –           –       1,538
            Shares vested under share award scheme
              (note 35)                                             –           –     (1,776)        3,408          –          –      (1,632)          –
            Dividends recognised as distribution (note 14)          –           –          –             –          –          –    (241,014)   (241,014)


            At 31st March, 2023                               110,750       15,275    11,444       (33,474)     49,259      (451)    101,417    254,220


            Note:      The contributed surplus of the Company represents the difference between the consolidated shareholders’
                       funds of Yeebo (B.V.I.) Limited at the date on which it was acquired by the Company, and the nominal amount
                       of the Company’s shares issued for the acquisition at the time of the group reorganisation prior to the listing
                       of the Company’s shares in 1993. Under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended), the contributed
                       surplus account of the Company is available for distribution. However, the Company cannot declare or pay a
                       dividend, or make a distribution out of the contributed surplus, if:

                       (a)        it is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities as they become due; or

                       (b)        the realisable value of its assets would thereby be less than the aggregate of its liabilities and its
                                  issued share capital and share premium accounts.


136   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            For the year ended 31st March, 2023



41. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
   (a)   Details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries at 31st March, 2023 and
         2022 were as follows:
                                                                    Place of        Issued and fully     Percentage of nominal
                                                                    incorporation or paid up share/      value of issued shares/
                                                      Legal form of registration/        registered      registered capital held   Principal
         Name of subsidiaries                         business      operations               capital        by the Company         activities
                                                                                                              2023          2022


         Billion Power (Notes 1 and 2)                Incorporated   Hong Kong                  HK$1         100%         100%     Investment holding


         Crown Capital (Notes 1, 2 and 3)             Incorporated   BVI                   US$8,502        47.05%       47.05%     Investment holding


         Faith Crown International Limited (Note 1)   Incorporated   BVI                        US$1         100%         100%     Investment holding


         Jiangmen Yeebo Electronic Technology         Wholly-owned The PRC             US$3,708,314          100%         100%     Manufacture of
           Limited (Note 1)                           foreign                       registered capital                             Displays
           江門億都電子科技有限公司                               enterprise


         Jiangmen Yeebo Semiconductor                 Wholly-owned The PRC            US$53,001,371          100%         100%     Manufacture of
           Co., Limited (Note 1)                      foreign                       registered capital                             Displays
           江門億都半導體有限公司                                enterprise


         Yeebo (B.V.I.) Limited (Notes 1 and 2)       Incorporated   BVI                   US$8,100          100%         100%     Investment holding


         Yeebo Display Limited (Note 1)               Incorporated   Hong Kong            HK$10,000          100%         100%     Trading of Displays

         Yeebo LCD Limited (Note 1)                   Incorporated   Hong Kong            HK$10,000          100%         100%     Trading of Displays
                                                                                                                                   and investment
                                                                                                                                   holding


         Yeebo Manufacturing Limited (Note 1)         Incorporated   Hong Kong            HK$10,000          100%         100%     Trading of Displays


         Shenzhen Yeebo Electronics                   Wholly-owned The PRC           RMB20,000,000           100%         100%     Manufacture of
           Technology Co., Ltd.                       foreign                       registered capital                             LCD-related
           深圳億都電子科技有限公司(Note 1)                       enterprise                                                                   products


         DMB Technics AG (Note 1)                     Incorporated   Switzerland        CHF400,000            51%          51%     Trading of Displays




                                                          Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23                                 137
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31st March, 2023



      41. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
          (CONTINUED)
            (a)    Details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries at 31st March, 2023 and
                   2022 were as follows (Continued):
                   Note 1: In the opinion of the directors, these subsidiaries principally affected the results for the year or formed
                           a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the
                           opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

                   Note 2: The shares of these subsidiaries are directly held by the Company and the remaining subsidiaries are
                           indirectly held by the Company.

                   Note 3: Crown Capital is considered as a subsidiary of the Group even though the Group has only a 47.05%
                           ownership interest and has only 47.05% of the voting rights in Crown Capital since the date of
                           incorporation and the remaining 52.95% of the ownership interests are held by seven independent
                           shareholders. The Group has a sufficiently dominant voting interest to direct the relevant activities of
                           Crown Capital and therefore the Group has control over Crown Capital.


                   None of the subsidiaries had any debt capital outstanding at the end of the year or at any
                   time during the year.


            (b)    Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-
                   controlling interests
                   The table below shows details of the non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company that has
                   material non-controlling interests:


                                                              Place of
                                                        incorporation          Proportion of
                                                         and principal   ownership interests and
                                                                 place     voting rights held by         Profit allocated to            Accumulated
                   Name of subsidiary                     of business    non-controlling interests    non-controlling interests    non-controlling interests
                                                                               2023            2022        2023             2022        2023             2022
                                                                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000


                   Crown Capital                                  BVI       52.95%         52.95%        30,929            2,563      71,468          42,334
                   Individual immaterial subsidiaries
                     with non-controlling interests                                                      15,206           13,211      35,604          25,373


                                                                                                         46,135           15,774     107,072          67,707


                   Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s subsidiary that has a material
                   non-controlling interest is set out below. The summarised financial information below
                   represents amounts before intragroup eliminations.




138   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the year ended 31st March, 2023



41. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
    (CONTINUED)
   (b)   Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-
         controlling interests (Continued)
         Crown Capital
                                                                               2023             2022
                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


         Current assets                                                       26,415           26,600


         Current liabilities                                                 (15,504)           (9,599)


         Non-current assets                                                  124,063           62,950


         Dividend declared by the Company                                           –           (4,403)


         Equity attributable to owners of the Company                         63,506           37,617


         Non-controlling interests                                            71,468           42,334


         Gain on deemed disposal of an associate                              54,383                 –
         Share of results of an associate                                      3,688             5,450
         Other income (expenses)                                                 341              (609)


         Profit for the year                                                  58,412             4,841


         Other comprehensive (expense) income                                  (3,389)           4,666


         Profit attributable to owners of the Company                         27,483             2,278
         Other comprehensive (expense) income attributable to
           owners of the Company                                              (1,595)            2,195
         Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                     30,929             2,563
         Other comprehensive (expense) income attributable to
           non-controlling interests                                           (1,794)           2,471


         Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                   55,023             9,507


42. EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   Subsequent to the reporting period, the Group invested RMB100,000,000 in a private company,
   which is established in the PRC and principally engaged in the design, research and development
   and sales of graphics processing unit chips, for a minority stake. The investment will be measured
   at fair value in the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the year ending 31st March, 2024.



                                         Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23   139
      FINANCIAL SUMMARY



      RESULTS
                                                              For the year ended 31st March,
                                                   2019          2020         2021       2022           2023
                                                 HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000


      Revenue                                    934,152       813,153     891,969     1,266,641    1,325,806


      Profit before income tax                   359,994       146,189     214,666      306,388      737,030
      Income tax expense                         (37,578)       (8,647)    (16,656)     (24,035)     (75,786)


      Profit for the year                        322,416       137,542     198,010      282,353      661,244


      Attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                    288,747       123,822     187,734      266,579      615,109
        Non-controlling interests                 33,669        13,720      10,276       15,774       46,135


                                                 322,416       137,542     198,010      282,353      661,244



      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES


                                                                    As at 31st March,
                                                   2019         2020         2021       2022            2023
                                                 HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000


      Total assets                             2,326,798     2,131,409    2,532,000    2,978,212    3,114,070
      Total liabilities                         (382,532)     (293,225)    (374,318)    (486,248)    (455,213)


                                               1,944,266     1,838,184    2,157,682    2,491,964    2,658,857


      Equity attributable to owners
        of the Company                         1,920,601     1,805,460    2,103,385    2,424,257    2,551,785
      Non-controlling interests                   23,665        32,724       54,297       67,707      107,072


                                               1,944,266     1,838,184    2,157,682    2,491,964    2,658,857




140   Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited • Annual Report 2022/23
