

===== PAGE 1 =====
2024
ANNUAL REPORT
年報
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd.*
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd.*
( 前稱廣東康華醫療股份有限公司 )
(Formerly known as Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Co., Ltd.)
( 於中華人民共和國註冊成立的股份有限公司 )
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability)
股份代號 Stock Code:3689
* 僅供識別 For identification purposes only


===== PAGE 2 =====
Contents
目錄
2 Corporate Information 
公司資料
4 Financial Highlights 
財務概覽
6 The Chief Executive Officer’s Statement 
行政總裁報告
12 Management Discussion and Analysis 
管理層討論及分析
56 Report of the Board 
董事會報告
80 Report of the Supervisory Committee 
監事會報告
81 Corporate Governance Report 
企業管治報告
105 Environmental, Social and Governance Report 
環境、社會及管治報告
154 Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management 
董事、監事及高級管理層
166 Independent Auditor’s Report 
獨立核數師報告
175 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income 
綜合損益及其他全面收益表
176 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
綜合財務狀況表
178 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
綜合權益變動表
179 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
綜合現金流量表
181 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
綜合財務報表附註
293 Financial Summary 
財務概要
294 Definitions 
釋義


===== PAGE 3 =====
Corporate Information
公司資料
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
2
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Executive Directors
Mr. Wang Junyang (Chairman)
Mr. Chen Wangzhi (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Wong Wai Hung (Vice Chairman)
Ms. Wang Aiqin
Non-executive Director
Mr. Lv Yubo
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Yeung Ming Lai
Dr. Chen Keji
Mr. Chan Sing Nun
Audit Committee
Mr. Chan Sing Nun (Chairman)
Dr. Chen Keji
Mr. Yeung Ming Lai
Remuneration Committee
Mr. Chan Sing Nun (Chairman)
Ms. Wang Aiqin
Mr. Yeung Ming Lai
Nomination Committee
Mr. Wang Junyang (Chairman)
Dr. Chen Keji
Mr. Yeung Ming Lai
SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
Mr. Chen Shaoming (Chairman)
Mr. Wang Shaofeng
Mr. Yue Chunyang
JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Mr. Wong Wai Hang Ricky
Ms. Chau Hing Ling
SECRETARY TO THE BOARD
Mr. Wong Wai Hang Ricky
董事會
執行董事
王君揚先生（主席）
陳旺枝先生（行政總裁）
王偉雄先生（副主席）
王愛勤女士
非執行董事
呂玉波先生
獨立非執行董事
楊銘澧先生
陳可冀醫生
陳星能先生
審核委員會
陳星能先生（主席）
陳可冀醫生
楊銘澧先生
薪酬委員會
陳星能先生（主席）
王愛勤女士
楊銘澧先生
提名委員會
王君揚先生（主席）
陳可冀醫生
楊銘澧先生
監事會
陳少明先生（主席）
王少鋒先生
岳春陽先生
聯席公司秘書
黃偉恒先生
周慶齡女士
董事會秘書
黃偉恒先生


===== PAGE 4 =====
Corporate Information
公司資料
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
3
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
Mr. Wong Wai Hung
Mr. Wong Wai Hang Ricky
AUDITOR
Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
LEGAL ADVISERS AS TO HONG KONG LAWS
White & Case
LEGAL ADVISERS AS TO PRC LAWS
Commerce & Finance Law Offices
REGISTERED OFFICE
3/F, Outpatient Zone One
Dongguan Kanghua Hospital
Nancheng Street Road
Dongguan
Guangdong Province
PRC
HEAD OFFICE IN THE PRC
1000 Dongguan Avenue
Dongguan
Guangdong Province
PRC
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
Unit 3207, Metroplaza Tower 2
223 Hing Fong Road
Kwai Fong, New Territories
Hong Kong
H SHARE REGISTRAR
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor
Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai
Hong Kong
STOCK CODE
3689
COMPANY’S WEBSITE
http://www.kanghuagp.com
授權代表
王偉雄先生
黃偉恒先生
核數師
天職香港會計師事務所有限公司
執業會計師
註冊公眾利益實體核數師
香港法律顧問
偉凱律師事務所
中國法律顧問
通商律師事務所
註冊辦事處
中國
廣東省
東莞市
南城街道
東莞康華醫院
門診一區 3樓
中國總部
中國
廣東省
東莞市
東莞大道 1000號
香港主要營業地點
香港
新界葵芳
興芳路 223號
新都會廣場第二座 3207室
H 股證券登記處
香港中央證券登記有限公司
香港
灣仔
皇后大道東 183號
合和中心
17樓 1712–1716號舖
股份代號
3689
公司網站
http://www.kanghuagp.com


===== PAGE 5 =====
Financial Highlights
財務概覽
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
4
KEY FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 
主要財務表現
For the year ended 31 December
截至十二月三十一日止年度
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
YoY Change RMB’000 RMB’000
按年變動 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Revenue 收益 0.7% 2,055,670 2,041,858
Gross profit 毛利 -11.7% 321,873 364,370
Gross profit margin 毛利率 -2.1% 15.7% 17.8%
Profit before taxation 除稅前溢利 -58.9% 63,055 153,429
Profit for the year 年內溢利 -88.5% 10,473 91,023
Profit for the year attributable to owners of 
the Company
本公司擁有人應佔  
年內溢利 -87.3% 15,337 121,062
Adjusted EBITDA# 經調整 EBITDA# -21.2% 229,636 291,309
Earnings per share – basic  
(RMB cents)
每股盈利－基本  
（人民幣分） -87.3% 4.6 36.2
Total assets 總資產 -3.5% 2,741,535 2,624,986
Total liabilities 總負債 -6.4% 1,279,188 1,127,459
Equity attributable to owners of the 
Company
本公司擁有人  
應佔權益 -5.0% 1,439,522 1,424,185
Net gearing ratio 淨資產負債率 -5.3 b.p. 15.7% 21.3%
# Adjusted EBITDA is earnings before accounting for bank and other interest income, 
interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortisation, fair value gain/loss and 
investment income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ( “FVTPL”) 
and net exchange gain/loss.
# 經調整 EBITDA為除銀行及其他利息收入、
利息開支、稅項、折舊及攤銷、公平值收
益╱虧損及按公平值計入損益 （ 「按公平值
計入損益」 ） 的金融資產投資收入及匯兌收
益╱虧損淨額。



===== PAGE 6 =====
Financial Highlights
財務概覽
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
5
REVENUE PoP OF MAJOR HEALTHCARE DISCIPLINES* 
主要科室期內收益同比*
RMB’000人民幣千元
* The amount does not include revenue from rehabilitation and other healthcare services, haemodialysis services and elderly healthcare services.
* 該金額不包括提供康復及其他醫療服務、血液透析服務及老年醫療服務的收益。
Cardiova-
scular 
related 
disciplines
ːА၍
܃߅




O&G 
related 
disciplines
߅
܃߅
 
Other 
disciplines
Չ˼
܃߅
 
 
Paediatrics 
related 
disciplines  
Յഁᔼኪ
܃߅
 
 
Neurology
related 
disciplines
ग़຾ᔼኪ
܃߅

Oncology 
related 
disciplines 
໕ᆯ
܃߅
 
Physical 
examinat-
ion
߅

Ortho-
paedics 
related 
disciplines 
߅
܃߅
Internal
medicine 
related 
disciplines
߅
܃߅
General
surgery 
related
disciplines 
߅
܃߅
Emergency 
medicine 
related 
disciplines
ൢ
܃߅




1,456.1
1,530.2
1,499.0
174.1
169.7
202.8
門診人次
No. of outpatient
住院人次
No. of inpatient
體檢量
No. of 
Physical examination
2023
2022
2024
63.1
74.3
77.0
PATIENT VISITS OF HOSPITAL SERVICES
醫院服務病人人次
Thousand Visits千人次
REVENUE PROPORTION BY MAJOR HEALTHCARE DISCIPLINES*
主要科室收益佔比*
܃߅
Cardiovascular related disciplines
܃߅
Emergency medicine related disciplines
܃߅
Orthopaedics related disciplines
܃߅
Other disciplines
܃߅
Neurology related disciplines
܃߅
Internal medicine related disciplines
܃߅
General surgery related disciplines
܃߅
Paediatrics related disciplines
߅
Physical examination
܃߅
O&G related disciplines
܃߅
Oncology related disciplines
14.1%
4.2%
7.8%
4.0%
5.8%
2.3%
27.0%
12.2%
6.6%
11.6%
4.4%


===== PAGE 7 =====
6
The Chief Executive Officer’s Statement
行政總裁報告
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
In 2024, the global situation was complex and rapidly 
evolving. Economic development showed a diverse and 
fragmented landscape under the intertwined influence 
of technological advancements and geopolitical factors. 
The continued acceleration of digital transformation has 
also intensified competition and innovation pressure 
among industries. Under such environment, the 
medical healthcare industry is undergoing changes at 
an unprecedent scale. Amidst this wave of challenges 
and opportunities, under the leadership of the Board, 
all employees of the Group have closely followed our 
development strategy of “Precision healthcare, Efficient 
Management and Sincere Service”, committed to steady 
progress with determination, we navigate our mission 
to save lives with professionalism as our oar and 
conviction as our sail, delivering a track record of solid 
and impactful achievements.
二零二四年，全球局勢複雜多變，經濟發展在科技
浪潮與地緣政治的交織影響下，呈現出多元分化的
態勢。數字化轉型持續加速，也加劇了行業間的競
爭與創新壓力。在這樣的大環境下，醫療行業正經
歷著深刻變革。在這充滿挑戰與機遇的浪潮中，本
集團全體員工在董事會的領導下，緊緊圍繞三精管
理即 「精準醫療、精益管理、精誠服務」 的發展戰略，
堅持穩中求進， 奮力拼搏， 以專業為槳， 以信念為帆，
在救死扶傷的使命航道上，留下了或深或淺卻堅實
有力的奮鬥航跡。
Chen Wangzhi
陳旺枝
Chief Executive Officer 行政總裁
The Chief Executive Officer’s Statement
行政總裁報告
6 Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024


===== PAGE 8 =====
7
The Chief Executive Officer’s Statement
行政總裁報告
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
Dear Shareholders:
On behalf of the Company, I sincerely express my gratitude to all Shareholders 
and other community stakeholders for your continuous support to the Group.
In 2024, China’s healthcare market was subject to significant development trends 
and industry changes. Digital transformation has become a focus, and the 
growing popularity of telemedicine and healthcare management applications 
has improved patients’ medical experience while at the same time reduce 
medical costs. The aging population is also leading to an increase in demand 
for chronic disease management and elderly care services. Medical institutions 
need to strengthen professional services for elderly patients and promote the 
development of community medical care to achieve more accessible medical 
services. Consumers’ awareness on health has promoted the demand for 
personalized medical and health management services, and the healthcare 
market is moving towards a more diversified and patient-centered direction. 
Overall, China’s healthcare industry is moving towards greater efficiency and 
accessibility.
Furthermore, in 2024, due to the intensified national policy reforms, decrease in 
post-COVID-19 related demand and industry adjustments, the Group’s revenue 
and total profit attributable to operation of its self-owned hospitals experienced a 
year-on-year decline, while its operational costs, including employee expenses 
and other operating expenditures continued to increase. In particular, the 
changes in healthcare, pharmaceuticals, and healthcare insurance policies 
(the “Three Medical” policies) have altered the existing management models 
and performance evaluation systems of healthcare institutions, presenting new 
opportunities and challenges to the Group.
In 2024, the overall economic development in China remained steady, with the 
gross domestic product (GDP) reaching RMB134.9 trillion, representing a year-
on-year increase of 5.0% at constant price. However, the healthcare industry 
is still in a critical period of transition and the overall pace of recovery of the 
healthcare and medical service industry was relatively weak during the Reporting 
Period. In 2024, the healthcare industry had continued to evolve rapidly, as the 
comprehensive reforms in the healthcare system reshaped the market and 
industry players, the Chinese government is implementing policies aimed at 
improving healthcare accessibility and affordability, including implementing laws 
and regulations requiring hospitals and healthcare providers to improve price 
transparency, emphasizing value-based care, reviewing and adjusting payment 
rates for different Diagnosis-Related Group (DRG) payment groups, expanding 
insurance coverage and promoting public-private partnerships.
致股東：
本人謹代表本公司衷心感謝全體股東及社會
各界其他利益相關人士對本集團的持續支持。
二零二四年，中國醫療市場面臨顯著的發展
趨勢和行業變化。數字化轉型成為重點，遠
程醫療和健康管理應用的普及改善了患者
的就醫體驗，及同時降低醫療成本。人口老
齡化加劇亦促使對慢性病管理和護理服務
的需求上升。醫療機構需加強對老年患者的
專業服務，並推動社區醫療的發展，以實現
更便捷的醫療服務。消費者對健康的重視促
進個性化醫療和健康管理服務的需求，醫療
市場朝著更加多元化和人性化的方向發展。
整體而言，中國醫療行業向更高效、更可及
的方向邁進。
同時，二零二四年，由於國家政策改革力度
加大、COVID-19後相關需求減少及行業調整，
本集團自有醫院收益及經營應佔溢利總額
按年計同比下降，而包括僱員開支及其他經
營開支在內的經營成本持續上升。特別是醫
療、醫藥及醫保政策 （ 「三醫」 政策） 的變化，
改變醫療機構現有的管理模式及績效考核
體系，為本集團帶來新的機遇和挑戰。
二零二四年中國經濟發展整體保持平穩，國
內生產總值 (GDP)達到人民幣 134.9萬億元，
按固定價格計算，同比增長 5.0%。然而，醫
療保健行業仍處於轉型的關鍵時期，報告期
間醫療保健及醫療服務行業的整體復甦勢
頭相對較弱。二零二四年，醫療保健行業持
續快速演變，隨著醫療體系的全面改革重塑
市場及行業參與者，中國政府正在實施旨在
提高醫療保健可及性及可負擔性的政策，包
括實施規定醫院及醫療保健提供者提高價
格透明度的法規、強調以價值為基礎的醫療
服務、檢討及調整不同診斷相關分組 (DRG)
支付組別的支付費率、擴大保險覆蓋範圍及
推動公私合作等。


===== PAGE 9 =====
8
The Chief Executive Officer’s Statement
行政總裁報告
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
儘管本集團於二零二四年一月新收購的血
液透析服務分部產生人民幣 75.8百萬元的額
外收入，但本集團於報告期間的綜合收入
為人民幣 2,055.7百萬元 （二零二三年：人民
幣 2,041.9百萬元） ，按年同比增長0.7%。於
報告期間，本集團錄得綜合溢利人民幣 10.5
百萬元，而去年為溢利人民幣 91.0百萬元，
同比下降 88.5%。報告期間下降主要由於 (i)
本集團自有醫院的收入普遍下降； (ii)於二零
二四年一月新收購的血液透析服務業務雖
然為本集團帶來額外收入，但仍處於虧損狀
態，為本集團的整體業績增加壓力； (iii)康心
醫院繼續經營虧損；及 (iv)與投資基金權益
有關的公平值虧損人民幣 9.4百萬元。
本集團自有的醫院，即康華醫院 （我們獲批
准的三級甲等標準綜合醫院） 、仁康醫院 （我
們二級甲等標準綜合醫院） 及康心醫院 （我
們心血管科專科私立醫院） 代表本集團的醫
院服務分部。報告期間，醫院服務分部錄得
收入人民幣 1,838.5百萬元 （二零二三年：人
民幣 1,887.9百萬元） ，同比下降2.6%。
在董事會的堅強領導下，經過三年全院上下
的共同努力，經過一系列的規範和自主改進
措施，康華醫院於二零二四年九月，順利通
過了三甲複審現場評審。二零二四年十一月
一日省衛健委正式宣佈我院通過了三甲複審。
這成績的取得體現康華醫院在醫療品質、醫
院管理等方面的卓越實力與深厚底蘊，且在
這一過程中，湧現出一大批優秀科室和優秀
個人， 以實際行動踐行了醫院的核心價值觀，
展現了高超的專業能力和無私的奉獻精神。
二零二四年十二月，普通外科重新取得東莞
市臨床重點專科稱號；消化內科已正式通過
東莞市重點專科複評。
The Group’s consolidated revenue for the Reporting Period amounted to 
RMB2,055.7 million (2023: RMB2,041.9 million), representing a year-on-year 
increase of 0.7%, despite the additional revenue of RMB75.8 million generated 
from our newly acquired haemodialysis services segment in January 2024. The 
Group recorded a consolidated profit of RMB10.5 million for the Reporting Period 
as compared to a profit of RMB91.0 million for last year, representing a year-
on-year decrease of 88.5%. The decrease for the Reporting Period is primarily 
attributable to (i) the general decline in revenue from the Group’s self-owned 
hospitals; (ii) our newly acquired haemodialysis services business in January 
2024, which contributed additional revenue to the Group, but was still operating 
at a loss, which in turn added pressure to the Group’s overall results; (iii) Kangxin 
Hospital continued to operate at a loss; and (iv) a fair value loss of RMB9.4 million 
in relation to our interest in an investment fund.
The Group’s self-owned hospitals, namely, Kanghua Hospital (our approved 
Grade A Class III standard general hospital), Renkang Hospital (our Grade A 
Class II standard general hospital) and Kangxin Hospital (our private hospital 
specializing in cardiovascular discipline), represented our Group’s hospital 
services segment. Our hospital services segment has recorded a revenue for the 
Reporting Period of RMB1,838.5 million (2023: RMB1,887.9 million), representing a 
year-on-year decrease of 2.6%.
Under the strong leadership of the Board and through the collective efforts of the 
entire hospital over the last three years, Kanghua Hospital successfully passed 
the on-site review for the Grade III Class A Hospital re-evaluation in September 
2024 after a series of regulatory and self-initiated measures. On 1 November 
2024, the Provincial Health Commission officially announced that Kanghua 
Hospital had passed the re-evaluation. This achievement reflects Kanghua 
Hospital’s excellence in healthcare quality and hospital management, and during 
this process, numerous outstanding departments and individuals emerged, 
demonstrating the hospital’s core values, exceptional professional skills and 
selfless dedication. In December 2024, our General Surgery Department regained 
the recognition as a Key Clinical Specialty in Dongguan City; the Gastroenterology 
Department had also officially passed the re-evaluation as a Key Specialty in 
Dongguan City.


===== PAGE 10 =====
9
The Chief Executive Officer’s Statement
行政總裁報告
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
康華醫院結合三甲複審工作，全面貫徹落實
上級衛生部門精神，強化醫療品質管制。二
零二四年康華醫院亦獲得各級各類多個榮譽，
順利獲評國家級三級醫院卒中中心、國家級
炎症性腸病區域中心、國家級頭痛門診、中
國非公立醫療機構協會肥胖管理中心建設
示範單位及副主任委員單位。此外，醫院被
指定為廣東省創傷中心 （三級） 建設單位及
廣東省微創內鏡神經外科聯盟單位。通過三
級甲等醫院複評、高血壓達標中心 （標準版）
認證、心衰中心再認證、第五次 「人類輔助
生殖技術」 校驗評審，康華醫院正式掛牌為
「廣東藥科大學教學醫院」 。
二零二四年，仁康醫院繼續加強醫療品質管
制，提升醫院技術水準，全面優化醫療服務
品質，提升患者就醫體驗。年內繼續加強 「三
大中心」 的建設工作，提升急診急救整體水
準。持續完善醫院 「創傷中心、胸痛中心、
卒中中心」 三大中心創建的工作。仁康醫院
亦成立內三科病區、開設中醫日間病房、中
醫夜間門診和口腔科夜間門診，提升與社區
及周邊醫院的核心競爭力。在強化醫務人員
能力培訓工作方面，今年陸續開展了多項業
務知識培訓，提高醫療技術水準。同時開展
「互聯網 +護理服務」 ，為有需求的患者提供
上門護理服務。
我們的康復及其他相關醫療服務分部，安
徽樺霖集團，於報告期間錄得收益人民幣
128.4百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣141.2百萬
元） ，按年計同比減少9.1%。收益減少主要
由於我們的康復醫院的收治人數及病人平
均開支減少，但部分被我們的康復中心的患
者就診人次增加所抵銷。私立康復市場在老
年人口增加及轉向預防性康復服務的帶動
下正不斷擴大，但隨著出現更多私立診所及
設施滿足需求，市場競爭亦日趨激烈。二零
二四年實施的 DRG新法規將年度社會保險配
額保持在去年的水準，影響收益預測。儘管
已作出努力吸引安徽新地區的患者，但患者
數量仍然有限，給二零二四年的收益增長帶
來壓力。
Kanghua Hospital, in conjunction with the Grade III Class A Hospital re-evaluation, 
has comprehensively implemented the directives of the higher health authorities 
to strengthen healthcare quality control. In 2024, Kanghua Hospital also received 
numerous honors at various levels, successfully being recognized as a National 
Level III Stroke Center, a National Inflammatory Bowel Disease Regional Center, 
a National Headache Clinic, a Demonstration Unit for Obesity Management by 
the China Non-public Medical Institutions Association and a Deputy Director Unit. 
Additionally, it was designated as a Guangdong Province Trauma Center (Level 
III) and a member of the Guangdong Province Minimally Invasive Endoscopic 
Neurosurgery Alliance. As a result of the re-evaluation for Grade III Class A status, 
the Hypertension Control Center (Standard Version) certification, the Heart Failure 
Center re-certification and the fifth review for “Human Assisted Reproductive 
Technology”, Kanghua Hospital was officially inaugurated as a Teaching Hospital 
of Guangdong Pharmaceutical University.
In 2024, Renkang Hospital continued to strengthen its healthcare quality control, 
and enhance its technical capability, comprehensively optimize healthcare 
service quality, while improving patient experience. Throughout the year, the 
hospital focused on the development of the “Three Major Centers” to elevate 
the overall standard of emergency and critical care services. Efforts to refine 
the establishment of the “Trauma Center, Chest Pain Center and Stroke Center” 
continued. Renkang Hospital also established a new Internal Medicine Ward, 
launched Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) Daycare and Night Clinics, as 
well as an Oral Night Clinic, thereby enhancing its core competitiveness with 
community and neighboring hospitals. In terms of strengthening medical 
staff training, multiple business knowledge training sessions were conducted 
throughout the year to improve medical technical standards. Additionally, the 
hospital implemented “Internet + Nursing Services”, providing home nursing care 
to patients in need.
Our rehabilitation and other related healthcare services segment, represented 
by the Anhui Hualin Group, had recorded revenue for the Reporting Period of 
RMB128.4 million (2023: RMB141.2 million), representing a year-on-year decrease 
of 9.1%. The decrease in revenue was primarily due to decrease in the inpatient 
intake and patients average spending at our rehabilitation hospitals, but partly 
offset by the increase in patient visits at our rehabilitation centres. The private 
rehabilitation market is expanding, driven by an increasing elderly population 
and shift towards preventive rehabilitation services; however, the competition has 
also been increasingly intense with more private clinics and facilities emerging 
to meet the demand. New DRG regulations implemented in 2024 have kept 
annual social insurance quotas at previous year’s levels, impacting revenue in the 
foreseeable future. Although efforts had been made to attract patients from new 
regions in Anhui, patient volume remains limited, pressuring revenue growth for 
2024.


===== PAGE 11 =====
10
The Chief Executive Officer’s Statement
行政總裁報告
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
我們的血液透析服務分部為於二零二四年
一月新收購的業務分部，於報告期內錄得收
益人民幣 75.8百萬元 （二零二三年：無） 。中
國的血液透析服務需求在過去十年增長及
發展顯著。隨著人們收入增加且對優質服務
的期望提高，患者正在私營界別尋求血液透
析服務的另類選擇，在私營界別中可享受更
便利、靈活和個性化的護理。預計中國選擇
私營界別提供者進行血液透析相關治療的
患者所佔比例將持續增加。我們的血液透析
門診中心的地理分佈符合本集團在大灣區
拓展及推廣 「康華」 （現以 「康華陽光」 之名運
營） 品牌的策略。康華血液透析集團於康華
醫院所在市東莞以外的主要城市經營業務。
收購康華血液透析集團可加強本集團於該
地區的網絡及知名度。董事認為，收購將為
本集團創造協同效應及規模經濟，原因為雙
方可發揮彼此在醫療行業的網絡、資源、專
業知識及聲譽。
我們的老年醫療服務分部於報告期間錄得收
入人民幣 12.9百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣
12.7百萬元） ，同比增長1.5%。由於仁康護理
院目前以接近最大容量運營，報告期間收入
略微增加乃主要由於年內利用率改善所致。
在過去數年中，中國的養老服務政策不斷發
展，以應對日益增長的老齡人口和多元化的
護理選擇需求。政府越來越支持民營養老中
心的發展。隨著運營的成熟，仁康護理院持
續在當地的老年醫療服務方面享有盛譽。仁
康護理院將繼續著重提升服務質量，並配合
廣東省養老機構的評估流程，努力實現五星
級養老機構認證。
本集團的經調整EBITDA 按年計同比減少
21.2%至人民幣 229.6百萬元 （二零二三年：
人民幣 291.3百萬元） 。該經調整EBITDA顯示
本集團的核心業務於撇除融資、投資相關收
入、投資公平值變動、匯率影響、資本支出
及重大非現金相關虧損後，仍然穩固。
Our haemodialysis services segment, which was the newly acquired business 
segment in January 2024, had recorded revenue for the Reporting Period of 
RMB75.8 million (2023: nil). The demand for haemodialysis service in China 
had experienced significant growth and development in the last decade. As 
people’s income and expectation for quality services increase, patients are 
seeking alternative options in the private sector for haemodialysis services, 
where they can enjoy more convenience, flexibility, and personalized care. It 
is expected that the proportion of patients opting for private sector providers to 
undergo haemodialysis-related treatments in the PRC will continue to increase. 
The geographical presence of our haemodialysis outpatient centres aligns 
with the Group’s strategy of expanding and promoting the “Kanghua” brand 
(which currently operates in the name of Kanghua Sunshine) in the Greater Bay 
Area. The Kanghua Haemodialysis Group operates in major cities outside of 
Dongguan, where Kanghua Hospital is located. The acquisition of the Kanghua 
Haemodialysis Group can strengthen the Group’s network and visibility in the 
region. In the opinion of the Directors, the acquisition will create synergies and 
economies of scale for the Group, as they can leverage on each other’s network, 
resources, expertise and reputation in the healthcare industry.
Our elderly healthcare services segment had recorded a revenue for the 
Reporting Period of RMB12.9 million (2023: RMB12.7 million), representing a year-
on-year increase of 1.5%. As Renkang Elderly Care Centre is currently operating 
at close to maximum capacity, the slight increase in revenue for the Reporting 
Period was mainly due to the improved utilisation during the year. Over the past 
years, China’s elderly care service policies had continued to evolve in response 
to the growing aging population and the need for diverse care options. The 
government has been increasingly supportive of private elderly care centers. 
As the operation matures, Renkang Elderly Care Centre has continues to gain 
reputation for its elderly healthcare services in the district. Renkang Elderly Care 
Centre will continue to focus on enhancing service quality and cooperating with 
the evaluation process of Guangdong Province’s Pension Institution, striving to 
achieve accreditation as a five-star elderly care institution.
The Group’s Adjusted EBITDA recorded a year-on-year decrease of 21.2% to 
RMB229.6 million (2023: RMB291.3 million). Such Adjusted EBITDA indicates 
that the Group’s core operation remained solid, after eliminating the effects of 
financing, investment-related income, fair value changes of investments, effects of 
exchange rates, capital expenditures and extraordinary non-cash related losses.


===== PAGE 12 =====
11
The Chief Executive Officer’s Statement
行政總裁報告
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
二零二五年，本集團繼續加強重點專科的建
設，引進與培養學科帶頭人，進一步優化專
科佈局，打造高峰學專科，引領醫院發展。
同時，把握行業機遇，抓好高端醫療服務。
隨著社會發展，社會對於醫療服務的需求日
益增長，患者對於優質醫療體驗的期待也在
不斷攀升。本集團要做好醫院的差異化發展
和高端服務，從技術、設備、藥品、服務等
方面為患者提供便捷化、個性化、深度化的
診療全週期管理，真正提升醫院高端服務的
能力水準。
未來發展，本集團會加強規範醫保、院感、
護理、藥事管理：充分發揮醫保政策及支付
機制，強化醫保基金管理；全面推進 「感術」
行動，提高醫務人員院感意識，保障手術品
質安全；完善護理品質管制組織體系與護理
品質建設工作，持續改進護理品質；及藥學
方面加強合理用藥管理。
二零二五年是四五規劃的最後一年，要在完
成今年各項任務的基礎上，本集團要做好二
零二六年的 「五五規劃」 。
「路雖遠，行則將至；事雖難，做則必成」 。
在二零二五年新的征程上，全體康華人要持
續秉承 「蒼生為念· 厚德載醫」 的辦院宗旨，
堅決貫徹 「三精管理、從我做起」 的理念，以
無畏的勇氣和堅定的信念迎接挑戰。醫療事
業關乎民生福祉，責任重於泰山，全體康華
人必將在學科建設上精益求精，於服務品質
上追求卓越，用實際行動詮釋救死扶傷的神
聖職責，彙聚點滴之力成磅礴偉力，為醫院
的蓬勃發展不懈奮進，書寫守護人民健康的
壯麗篇章，向著更高的目標闊步前行，讓醫
院成為患者安心託付、 健康續航的堅實港灣，
全力以赴推動醫院各項工作再上新台階，闖
出一條具有康華特色的高品質發展之路！
陳旺枝
行政總裁
二零二五年三月三十一日
In 2025, our Group will continue to strengthen the development of key specialties, 
introduce and cultivate prominent leaders in these fields, further optimize the 
specialty layout, build top-notch specialized departments, and lead the hospital’s 
development. Furthermore, we will focus on high-end healthcare services: as 
society develops, the demand for healthcare services is increasing, and patients’ 
expectations for high quality healthcare experiences are on the rise. Our Group 
needs to promote our hospitals’ differentiated development and high-end 
services, providing patients with convenient, personalized, and comprehensive 
diagnostic and treatment management across the entire cycle, thereby 
meaningfully enhancing the hospital’s high-end service capabilities.
In the future, the Group will standardize medical insurance, hospital infection 
control, nursing, and pharmaceutical management through: fully leveraging 
medical insurance policies and payment mechanisms, and strengthening the 
management of medical insurance funds; comprehensively advancing the 
“infection control” initiative to increase healthcare workers’ awareness of hospital 
infections and ensuring surgical quality and safety; enhancing the organizational 
system for nursing quality control and the construction of nursing quality; 
continuously upgrading nursing standards; and strengthening the management 
of rational drug use.
Year 2025 is the last year of the Fourth Five-Year Plan. On the basis of completing 
all the tasks this year, the Group must make solid preparations for the Fifth 
Five-Year Plan in 2026.
“Though the road may be long, perseverance will lead to success; though the 
task may be difficult, dedication will bring accomplishment”. As we embark on the 
new journey in 2025, all Kanghua people must continue to uphold the hospital’s 
virtue of “Caring for the People and Practicing Medicine with Integrity”, resolutely 
implement the concept of “Three-Precision Management, Starting from Myself”, 
and face challenges with fearless courage and conviction. The healthcare industry 
is intertwined with the well-being of the people, and the responsibilities are of 
paramount importance. All Kanghua people will strive for excellence in discipline 
construction, pursue excellence in service quality, exemplify the sacred duty of 
saving lives and healing the wounded with practical actions, gather collective 
strength into a great momentum, work resolutely for the vigorous development 
of our hospitals, make history in safeguarding the health of the people, stride 
forward towards higher goals, make our hospitals a reliable haven for patients to 
entrust their health with peace of mind, safeguarding their health and well-being. 
We are committed to propelling our hospitals’ achievements to new heights, 
cultivating a high-quality development path unique to Kanghua!
Chen Wangzhi
Chief Executive Officer
31 March 2025


===== PAGE 13 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
12
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
主要業務
本集團為中國公認的醫院運營商及醫療服
務供應商， 以 「蒼生為念• 厚德載醫」 為使命。
本集團運營四大業務分部：(i)提供醫院服務；
(ii)提供康復及其他醫療服務； (iii)提供血液透
析服務；及 (iv)提供老年醫療服務。
我們的醫院服務分部包括三家自有醫院。我
們經營中國最大的私立綜合醫院之一，即東
莞康華醫院 （ 「康華醫院 」 ） ，位於廣東省東莞
市南城區。康華醫院亦為中國首家獲中國國
家衞生和計劃生育委員會分級制度下評為三
甲私立綜合醫院之一，為中國醫院可達之最
高評級。康華醫院於二零零六年十一月開始
營運，佔地 563 畝，總建築面積398,000 平
方米，設計床位 2,006張，其中 1,500張已投
入使用及營運。康華醫院是一所生態化大型
醫院，獲中國非公立醫療機構協會評為最高
級別的 「行業信用AAA」 及 「服務能力五星」 ，
為華南地區首家。康華醫院為各類患者提供
連續的醫療服務，特別是該等患有危重、複
雜或罕見疾病的患者。於報告期間，康華醫
院榮獲2023 地級城市醫院300 強、2024 粵
港澳大灣區最佳醫院 100強及 2024年東莞市
優秀醫保示範醫院。
我們亦經營位於廣東省東莞市厚街鎮的東
莞仁康醫院 （ 「仁康醫院 」 ） ，此乃一家服務
於周邊社區的二甲私立綜合醫院。康華醫院
及仁康醫院位於廣東省東莞市，通過患者轉
介、技術援助、多地點實踐以及研究及教學
合作，實現了優勢互補。仁康醫院於二零零
八年三月開始營運，佔地 118畝，總建築面
積 110,000平方米， 服務能力接近500張床位。
我們於廣東省以外的業務為重慶康心醫院
（「康心醫院 」 ） ，該醫院為中國重慶的心血管
病專科醫院。康心醫院是重慶渝洽會招商引
資項目， 也是重慶市首家心血管病民營醫院。
康心醫院按照國家三級甲等專科醫院標準
建設。園區佔地30 餘畝，規劃建築面積約
100,000平方米，可容納 505張床位的服務能
力。
PRINCIPAL OPERATIONS
The Group is a well-recognised hospital operator and healthcare services 
provider in the PRC with the mission of “Caring for the People and Practicing 
Medicine with Integrity”. The Group operates four major business segments: (i) 
provision of hospital services; (ii) provision of rehabilitation and other healthcare 
services; (iii) provision of haemodialysis services; and (iv) provision of elderly 
healthcare services.
Our hospital services segment comprised three self-owned hospitals. We operate 
one of the largest private general hospitals in the PRC, namely Dongguan 
Kanghua Hospital (“Kanghua Hospital”), located in Nancheng District, Dongguan, 
Guangdong Province. Kanghua Hospital was also one of the first private general 
hospital in the PRC to attain a Grade A Class III rating under the National Health 
and Family Planning Commission of the PRC classification system, the highest 
rating attainable by hospitals in the PRC. Kanghua Hospital commenced 
operation in November 2006 and covers a land area of 563 acres, with a total 
building area of 398,000 square meters and has a designed capacity of 2,006 
beds, of which 1,500 beds are already in use and operating. Kanghua Hospital 
is an ecological large-scale hospital, it was rated as the highest level of “Industry 
Credit AAA” and “Five-Star Service Capability” by the China Association of Non-
Public Medical Institutions, being the first in Southern China region. Kanghua 
Hospital offers a continuum of healthcare services to a diverse range of patients, 
particularly those with critical, complex or rare medical conditions. Kanghua 
Hospital was awarded the 2023 Top 300 Prefecture-level Urban Hospitals, 2024 
Top 100 Best Hospitals in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area  
and 2024 Dongguan Excellent Medical Insurance Demonstration Hospital during 
the Reporting Period.
We also operate Dongguan Renkang Hospital (“Renkang Hospital”) located 
in Houjie Town, Dongguan, Guangdong Province, a Grade A Class II private 
general hospital servicing the local communities in the surrounding area. 
Located in Dongguan, Guangdong Province, Kanghua Hospital and Renkang 
Hospital complement each other through patient referrals, technical assistance, 
multisite practices and research and teaching collaboration. Renkang Hospital 
commenced operation in March 2008 and covers a land area of 118 acres, with 
a total building area of 110,000 square meters with close to 500 beds in service 
capacity.
Our presence outside of Guangdong Province is Chongqing Kanghua 
Zhonglian Cardiovascular Hospital (“Kangxin Hospital”), a specialty hospital 
in cardiovascular diseases in Chongqing, the PRC. Kangxin Hospital is an 
investment attraction project of the Chongqing Investment and Trade Fair and 
the first cardiovascular disease private hospital in Chongqing. Kangxin Hospital 
was built according to the national Grade A Class III rating specialized hospital 
standards. The campus covers an area of more than 30 acres, with a planned 
building area of approximately 100,000 square meters and can accommodate 
505 beds in service capacity.


===== PAGE 14 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
13
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
Our rehabilitation and other related healthcare services segment, with its 
operations located in Anhui Province, the PRC, mainly consist of two rehabilitation 
hospitals, namely, Hefei Kanghua Rehabilitation Hospital and Hefei Jingu 
Hospital, a Grade A Class I general hospital, Bengbu Renkang Hospital and 
an out-patient centre (these hospitals and out-patient centre represent our 
rehabilitation hospital and other healthcare services operation), and thirteen 
rehabilitation centres and one vocational training school (representing our 
rehabilitation centre services and other services operation). These operations 
primarily consist of provision of special care services to patients with permanent 
or long-term physical or mental disabilities and also healthcare and training 
services for the disabled. These operations signify the Group’s offerings into 
disability rehabilitation services outside of Guangdong Province, and our 
expansion initiatives and confidence into quality rehabilitation services in the PRC.
Our haemodialysis services segment is principally engaged in the operation of 
haemodialysis outpatient centres in the PRC. During the Reporting Period, the 
Group completed the acquisition of 70% equity interest in Dongguan Kanghua 
Haemodialysis Healthcare Investment Management Co., Ltd.* and its subsidiaries 
(collectively referred to as the “Kanghua Haemodialysis Group” or “Kanghua 
Sunshine”). The provision of haemodialysis services generally refers to treatments 
that replicate kidney’s function to remove wastes in blood for patients with kidney 
conditions. The first outpatient centre of the Kanghua Haemodialysis Group 
commenced operation in 2016. As at the date of this report, the Group operates 
12 (2023: 13) haemodialysis centres, located in Guangzhou (2), Chengdu (3), 
Shenzhen (1), Foshan (1), Zhongshan (1), Zhuhai (1), Yangjiang (1), Jieyang (1) and 
Jiangmen (1), serving more than 930 (2023: 730) regular haemodialysis patients. 
In 2024, the haemodialysis outpatient centres had performed more than 118,000 
(2023: 90,000) haemodialysis operations. The Kanghua Haemodialysis Group 
has introduced advanced concepts and technologies from haemodialysis 
outpatient centres in Singapore and implemented high-quality dialysis and 
refined chronic disease management. The Kanghua Haemodialysis Group is a 
pioneer in introducing “harmless dialysis”, which is a protocol significantly more 
advanced than the prevalent standard in the PRC and has significantly improved 
the life span and quality of life of kidney patients.
我們的康復及其他相關醫療服務分部 （其運
營位於中國安徽省） 主要由兩間康復醫院 （即
合肥康華康復醫院及合肥金谷醫院 （一級甲
等綜合醫院） 、蚌埠仁康醫院及一個門診中
心 （該等醫院及門診中心指康復醫院及其他
醫療服務運營） 以及十三間康復中心及一間
職業培訓學校 （指我們的康復中心服務及其
他服務運營） 。該等運營主要包括向永久或
長期身體或精神殘疾的患者提供特殊護理
服務，亦向殘疾人士提供護理及訓練服務。
該等業務標誌着本集團向廣東省以外的殘
疾康復服務提供服務，以及我們在中國拓展
優質康復服務的舉措  。
我們的血液透析服務分部主要在中國從事
經營血液透析門診中心。於報告期間，本集
團完成收購東莞康華血液透析醫療投資管
理有限公司及其附屬公司 （統稱 「康華血液
透析集團 」或「康華陽光 」） 的70%股權。提供
血液透析服務一般指複製腎臟的功能為腎
病患者清除血液中的廢物的治療。康華血液
透析集團的第一家門診中心於二零一六年
開始運營。於本報告日期，本集團經營 12家
（二零二三年： 13家） 血液透析中心，分別位
於廣州 （2家） 、成都 （3家） 、深圳 （1家） 、佛
山（1家） 、中山 （1家） 、珠海 （1家） 、陽江 （1
家） 、揭陽 （1家 ）及 江 門（1家） ，服務930（二
零二三年： 730） 多名定期血液透析患者。
於二零二四年，血液透析門診中心已進行逾
118,000例 （二零二三年：90,000例） 血液透析
手術。康華血液透析集團引進新加坡血液透
析門診中心的先進理念及技術，實施高質量
的透析及精細化的慢性病管理。康華血液透
析集團為引入 「無傷害透析」 的先行者，該
方案遠較中國的現行標準先進，從而顯著提
高腎病患者的壽命及生活質量。



===== PAGE 15 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
14
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
我們的老年醫療服務分部指仁康護理院的
運營。我們綜合性的老年保健中心位於仁康
醫院內，可容納 108張 （二零二三年：108張）
老年床位，旨在為中國東莞市厚街鎮的當地
居民提供優質的高端養老服務。鑑於中國人
口加速老齡化問題導致醫療保健及老年護
理行業出現巨大發展潛力，仁康護理院標誌
本集團亮相及擴展我們的 「大健康」 概念業
務發展。
業務回顧和展望
二零二四年業務概覽
國家統計局數據顯示，二零二四年中國經濟
發展整體保持平穩，國內生產總值 (GDP)達
到人民幣134.9 萬億元，按固定價格計算，
同比增長 5.0%。中國擁有超 14億人口，人口
老齡化迅速發展，對醫療保健服務的需求激
增。中國的醫院網絡是全球規模最大、最複
雜的網絡之一，包括公立及私立醫院。該網
絡以分級結構運營，可滿足廣泛的醫療保健
需求，其中私立醫院日益成為廣泛的公共基
礎設施的補充。
然而， 醫療保健行業仍處於轉型的關鍵時期，
報告期間醫療保健及醫療服務行業的整體復
甦勢頭相對較弱。二零二四年，醫療保健行
業持續快速發展，隨著醫療體系的全面改革
重塑市場及行業參與者，中國政府正在實施
旨在提高醫療保健可及性及可負擔性的政策，
包括實施規定醫院及醫療保健提供者提高
價格透明度的法律、強調以價值為基礎的醫
療服務、檢討及調整不同診斷相關分組 (DRG)
支付組別的支付費率、擴大保險覆蓋範圍及
推動公私合作等。
二零二四年，由於國家政策改革力度加大、
COVID-19後相關需求減少及行業調整，本集
團自有醫院收益及經營應佔溢利總額按年
計同比下降，而包括僱員開支及其他經營開
支在內的經營成本持續上升。特別是醫療、
醫藥及醫保政策 （ 「三醫」 政策） 的變化，改
變醫療機構現有的管理模式及績效考核體系，
為本集團帶來新的機遇與和挑戰。
Our elderly healthcare services segment represents the operation of Renkang 
Elderly Care Centre. Our comprehensive elderly healthcare centre with a 
capacity of 108 (2023: 108) elderly beds located inside Renkang Hospital aims to 
provide quality high-end elderly care services to local residents in Houjie Town, 
Dongguan City, the PRC. In view of the accelerating aging population issue in the 
PRC that leads to the high development potential of the healthcare and elderly 
care industry, Renkang Elderly Care Centre signifies our Group’s presence and 
extension of our “big health” concept business development.
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK
Business Overview for 2024
In 2024, the overall economic development in China remained steady, with the 
gross domestic product (GDP) reaching RMB134.9 trillion, representing a year-
on-year increase of 5.0% at constant price, according to data from the National 
Bureau of Statistics. With a population of exceeding 1.4 billion and a rapidly 
ageing population, China is experiencing a surging demand for healthcare 
services. China’s hospital network is one of the largest and most complex 
globally, including both public and private facilities. Operating under a tiered 
structure, it addresses a wide range of healthcare needs, with private hospitals 
increasingly complementing the extensive public infrastructure.
However, the healthcare industry is still in a critical period of transition and the 
overall recovery of the healthcare and medical service industry is relatively weak 
during the Reporting Period. In 2024, the healthcare industry has continued to 
evolve rapidly, as the comprehensive reforms in the healthcare system reshape 
the market and industry participants, the Chinese government is implementing 
policies aimed at improving healthcare accessibility and affordability, including 
implementing laws requiring hospitals and healthcare providers to improve price 
transparency, emphasizing value-based care, reviewing and adjusting payment 
rates for different Diagnosis-Related Group (DRG) payment groups, expanding 
insurance coverage and promoting public-private partnerships.
In 2024, due to the intensified national policy reforms, decrease in post-
COVID-19 related demand and industry adjustments, the Group’s revenue and 
total profit attributable to operation of its self-owned hospitals experienced a 
year-on-year decline, while its operational costs, including employee expenses 
and other operating expenditures continued to increase. In particular, the 
changes in healthcare, pharmaceuticals, and healthcare insurance policies 
(the “Three Medical” policies) have altered the existing management models 
and performance evaluation systems of healthcare institutions, presenting new 
opportunities and challenges to the Group.


===== PAGE 16 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
15
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
在這充滿挑戰與機遇的浪潮中，本集團全體
員工在董事會的領導下，緊緊圍繞 「三精管
理」 （精準醫療、精益管理、精誠服務） 的發
展戰略，堅持穩中求進，奮力拼搏，以專業
為槳，以信念為帆，在救死扶傷的使命航道
上， 留下了或深或淺卻堅實有力的奮鬥航跡。
於二零二四年，儘管本集團於二零二四年一
月新收購的血液透析服務分部產生人民幣
75.8百萬元的額外收入，但本集團於報告期
間的綜合收入為人民幣 2,055.7百萬元 （二零
二三年：人民幣 2,041.9百萬元） ，按年同比
增長 0.7%。於報告期間，本集團錄得綜合溢
利人民幣 10.5百萬元，而去年為溢利人民幣
91.0 百萬元，同比下降88.5%。報告期間下
降主要由於 (i)本集團自有醫院的收入普遍下
降；(ii)自二零二四年一月新收購的血液透析
服務業務雖然為本集團帶來額外收入，但仍
處於虧損狀態，為本集團的整體業績增加壓
力；(iii) 康心醫院繼續經營虧損；及(iv) 與投
資基金權益有關的公平值虧損人民幣 9.4百
萬元。
Amidst this wave of challenges and opportunities, under the leadership of the 
Board, all employees of the Group have closely followed our development 
strategy of “Precision healthcare, Efficient Management and Sincere Service”, 
committed to steady progress and determined efforts, we navigate our mission to 
save lives with professionalism as our oar and conviction as our sail, delivering a 
track record of solid and impactful achievements. 
In 2024, the Group’s consolidated revenue for the Reporting Period amounted 
to RMB2,055.7 million (2023: RMB2,041.9 million), representing a year-on-year 
increase of 0.7%, despite the additional revenue of RMB75.8 million generated 
from our newly acquired haemodialysis services segment in January 2024. 
The Group recorded a consolidated profit of RMB10.5 million for the Reporting 
Period as compared to a profit of RMB91.0 million for last year, representing 
a year-on-year decrease of 88.5%. The decrease for the Reporting Period is 
primarily attributable to (i) the general decline in revenue from the Group’s self-
owned hospitals; (ii) our newly acquired haemodialysis services business since 
January 2024, although contribute additional revenue to the Group, however, 
is still operating at a loss, which added pressure to the Group’s overall results; 
(iii) Kangxin Hospital continues to operate at a loss; and (iv) a fair value loss of 
RMB9.4 million in relation to our interest in an investment fund.



===== PAGE 17 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
16
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
報告期間，醫院服務分部錄得收入人民幣
1,838.5百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣1,887.9
百萬元） ，同比下降2.6%。二零二四年，醫
院服務分部的整體就診人次較二零二三年輕
微下降 0.9%，本集團對患者就我們服務產品
的平均消費亦面臨壓力。 本集團自有醫院 （構
成醫院服務分部） 、康華醫院、仁康醫院及
康心醫院收入分別錄得1.6%、 6.7%及 10.6%
跌幅。
我們的康復及其他相關醫療服務分部 （透過
我們擁有安徽樺霖醫療投資有限公司 （ 「安
徽樺霖」 ） （安徽樺霖及其附屬公司）57%的股
本權益，安徽樺霖直接及間接持有受管理及
控制實體的舉辦者權益 （部份為中國安徽省
的私營非企業實體，統稱 「安徽樺霖集團 」）
於報告期間錄得收益人民幣 128.4百萬元 （二
零二三年：人民幣 141.2百萬元） ，按年計同
比減少 9.1%。來自我們 (i)康復醫院及其他醫
療服務運營及 (ii)康復中心服務及其他服務運
營的收益分別減少 26.4%及增加 10.0%。收益
減少主要由於我們的康復醫院的收治人數
及病人平均開支減少，但部分被我們的康復
中心的患者就診人次增加所抵銷。私立康復
市場在老年人口增加及轉向預防性康復服
務的帶動下正不斷擴大，但隨著出現更多私
立診所及設施滿足需求，市場競爭亦日趨激
烈。
我們的血液透析服務分部為於二零二四年
一月新收購的業務分部，於報告期內錄得收
益人民幣 75.8百萬元 （二零二三年：無） 。中
國的血液透析服務需求在過去十年增長及
發展顯著，乃主要歸因於 (i)慢性腎病 (CKD)及
終末期腎病 (ESRD)發病率上升，增加了透析
服務的需求； (ii)生活方式改變、城鎮化及人
口老齡化；及 (iii)中國政府積極推動醫療改
革，包括擴展透析服務及正實施政策改善治
療途徑及補助患者費用。隨著人們收入增加
且對優質服務的期望提高，患者正在私營界
別尋求血液透析服務的另類選擇，在私營界
Our hospital services segment has recorded a revenue for the Reporting Period 
of RMB1,838.5 million (2023: RMB1,887.9 million), representing a year-on-year 
decrease of 2.6%. In 2024, the overall patient visits of our hospital services 
segment recorded a mild decrease of 0.9% as compared to 2023, the Group also 
experienced pressure on patient’s average spending on our service offerings. 
The Group’s self-owned hospitals (making up our hospital services segment), 
Kanghua Hospital, Renkang Hospital and Kangxin Hospital have recorded 
decrease in revenue of 1.6%, 6.7% and 10.6%, respectively.
Our rehabilitation and other related healthcare services segment, through our 
ownership of 57% equity interest in Anhui Hualin Medical Investment Co., Ltd.*  
(“Anhui Hualin”) (Anhui Hualin and its subsidiaries, directly and indirectly holds 
sponsor interests in the managed and controlled entities, certain of which are 
private non-enterprise entities in Anhui Province, the PRC, collectively the “Anhui 
Hualin Group”), has recorded revenue for the Reporting Period of RMB128.4 
million (2023: RMB141.2 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 
9.1%. Revenue for the Reporting Period from our (i) rehabilitation hospitals and 
other healthcare services operation and (ii) rehabilitation centre services and 
other services operation have decreased by 26.4% and increased by 10.0%, 
respectively. The decrease in revenue is primarily due to decrease in the inpatient 
intake and patients average spending at our rehabilitation hospitals, but partly 
offset by the increase in patient visits at our rehabilitation centres. The private 
rehabilitation market is expanding, driven by an increasing elderly population 
and shift towards preventive rehabilitation services, however, the competition is 
also increasingly intense with more private clinics and facilities emerging to meet 
the demand.
Our haemodialysis services segment, the newly acquired business segment in 
January 2024, has recorded revenue for the Reporting Period of RMB75.8 million 
(2023: nil). The demand for haemodialysis service in China had experienced 
significant growth and development in the last decade, mainly attributable to (i) 
the rising incidence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage renal disease 
(ESRD) which has increased the demand for dialysis services; (ii) lifestyle changes, 
urbanization and an aging population; and (iii) the Chinese government has been 
actively promoting healthcare reforms, including the expansion of dialysis services 
and policies aimed at improving access to treatment and subsidizing costs for 
patients are being implemented. As people’s income and expectation for quality 
services increase, patients are seeking alternative options in the private sector 
for haemodialysis services, where they can enjoy more convenience, flexibility, 


===== PAGE 18 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
17
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
別中可享受更便利、靈活和個性化的護理。
預計中國選擇私營界別提供者進行血液透
析相關治療的患者所佔比例將持續增加。血
液透析門診中心的地理分佈符合本集團在
大灣區拓展及推廣 「康華」 （現以 「康華陽光」
之名運營） 品牌的策略。康華血液透析集團
於康華醫院所在市東莞以外的主要城市經
營業務。收購康華血液透析集團可加強本集
團於該地區的網絡及知名度。董事認為，收
購將為本集團創造協同效應及規模經濟，原
因為雙方可發揮彼此在醫療行業的網絡、資
源、專業知識及聲譽。
我們的老年醫療服務分部於報告期間錄得收
入人民幣 12.9百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣
12.7百萬元） ，同比增長1.5%。由於仁康護理
院目前以接近最大容量運營，報告期間收入
略微增加乃主要由於年內利用率改善所致。
在過去數年中，中國的養老服務政策不斷發
展，以應對日益增長的老齡人口和多元化的
護理選擇需求。政府越來越支持民營養老中
心的發展，包括 (i)撥出更多資源提升民營養
老設施和服務，如發展和改善基礎設施的補
助及獎勵； (ii)提供營運補助及稅收優惠； (iii)
更加強調推動居家養老；及 (iv)努力將民營
養老服務納入社會保障及醫療保險體系，使
家庭更容易負擔民營養老服務。
本集團的經調整 EBITDA（界定為除銀行及其
他利息收入、利息開支、稅項、折舊及攤
銷、公平值收益╱ （虧損） 及按公平值計入
損益的金融資產投資收入及匯兌收益╱ （虧
損） 淨額前的盈利） 按年計同比減少21.2%至
人民幣229.6 百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣
291.3百萬元） ，表明本集團的核心業務於撇
除融資、投資相關收入、投資公平值變動、
匯率影響、資本支出及重大非現金相關虧損
後，仍然穩固。經調整 EBITDA的詳情及計算
載於本報告 「經調整EBITDA」一 節 。
and personalized care. It is expected that the proportion of patients opting for 
private sector providers to undergo haemodialysis-related treatments in the PRC 
will continue to increase. The geographical presence of our haemodialysis out-
patient centres aligns with the Group’s strategy of expanding and promoting the 
“Kanghua” brand (which currently operates in the name of Kanghua Sunshine) 
in the Greater Bay Area. The Kanghua Haemodialysis Group operates in major 
cities outside of Dongguan, where Kanghua Hospital is located. The acquisition 
the Kanghua Haemodialysis Group can strengthen the Group’s network and 
visibility in the region. In the opinion of the Directors, the acquisition will create 
synergies and economies of scale for the Group, as they can leverage on each 
other’s network, resources, expertise and reputation in the healthcare industry.
Our elderly healthcare services segment has recorded a revenue for the 
Reporting Period of RMB12.9 million (2023: RMB12.7 million), representing a year-
on-year increase of 1.5%. As Renkang Elderly Care Centre is currently operating 
at close to maximum capacity, the slight increase in revenue for the Reporting 
Period is mainly due to the improved utilisation during the year. Over the past 
years, China’s elderly care service policies have continued to evolve in response 
to the growing aging population and the need for diverse care options. The 
government has been increasingly supportive of private elderly care centers, 
including (i) allocation of more resources to enhance private elderly care facilities 
and services, such as grants and incentives for infrastructure development 
and improvements; (ii) provision of operational subsidies and tax incentives; (iii) 
stronger emphasis on promoting home-based care; and (iv) efforts to integrate 
private elderly care services into social security and health insurance systems, 
making it easier for families to afford private elderly care services.
The Group’s Adjusted EBITDA (which is defined as earnings before accounting 
for bank and other interest income, interest expenses, taxes, depreciation and 
amortisation, fair value gain/(loss) and investment income from financial assets 
at FVTPL and net exchange gain/(loss)) recorded a year-on-year decrease of 
21.2% to RMB229.6 million (2023: RMB291.3 million), which indicates that the 
Group’s core operation remained solid, after eliminating the effects of financing, 
investment-related income, fair value changes of investments, effects of exchange 
rates, capital expenditures and extraordinary non-cash related losses. Details 
and calculations on Adjusted EBITDA are set out in the section headed “Adjusted 
EBITDA” in this report.


===== PAGE 19 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
18
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
醫院服務
本集團自有的醫院，即康華醫院 （我們獲批
准的三級甲等標準綜合醫院） 、仁康醫院 （我
們二級甲等標準綜合醫院） 及康心醫院 （專
攻心血管科的私立醫院） 代表本集團的醫院
服務部門。於報告期間，我們財務及運營
績效的主要指標如下 (i) 住院人次總數增至
76,968名 （二零二三年：74,337名） ，按年計
同比增加 3.5%；(ii)每名住院病人的整體平均
支出為人民幣 14,114.3元 （二零二三年：人民
幣 14,523.2 元） ，按年計同比下降2.8%；(iii)
主要因住院人次數目增加導致病床的整體
利用率上升至 74.3%（二零二三年：71.9%）；(iv)
平均住院時間保持在 6.4天 （二零二三年：6.4
天 ）；(v)門診人次總數減少至 1,499,016名（ 二
零二三年： 1,530,169 名） ，按年計同比減少
2.0%；(vi)每個門診病人的整體平均支出為
人民幣430.2 元 （二零二三年：人民幣428.7
元） ，按年計同比增加0.4%；(vii)總體檢人次
增加至 181,661名 （二零二三年：169,651名 ），
按年計同比增加 7.1%；及 (viii)外科手術總數
增加至 53,871宗 （二零二三年：48,105宗 ），
按年計同比增加 12.0%。
Hospital Services
The Group’s self-owned hospitals, namely, Kanghua Hospital (our approved 
Grade A Class III standard general hospital), Renkang Hospital (our Grade A 
Class II standard general hospital) and Kangxin Hospital (our private hospital 
specializing in cardiovascular discipline), represented our Group’s hospital 
services segment. During the Reporting Period, the key metrics of our financial 
and operational performance are as follows: (i) the total number of inpatient visits 
increased to 76,968 (2023: 74,337), representing a year-on-year increase of 3.5%; 
(ii) the overall average spending per inpatient visit amounted to RMB14,114.3 
(2023: RMB14,523.2), representing a year-on-year decline of 2.8%; (iii) the overall 
bed utilisation rate improved to 74.3% (2023: 71.9%), primarily attributable to the 
increase in number of inpatient visits; (iv) the average length of stay maintained 
at 6.4 days (2023: 6.4 days); (v) the total number of outpatient visits decreased to 
1,499,016 (2023: 1,530,169), representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.0%; (vi) 
the overall average spending per outpatient visit amounted to RMB430.2 (2023: 
RMB428.7), representing a year-on-year increase of 0.4%; (vii) the total number 
of physical examination visits increased to 181,661 (2023: 169,651), representing 
a year-on-year increase of 7.1%; and (viii) the total number of surgical operations 
increased to 53,871 (2023: 48,105), representing a year-on-year increase of 
12.0%.



===== PAGE 20 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
19
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
下表載列本集團自有的醫院服務分部的醫
院於所示年度的若干主要營運數據：
The table below sets forth certain key operational data of the Group’s self-owned 
hospitals of the hospital services segment for the years indicated:
For the year ended 31 December
截至十二月三十一日止年度
Change 2024 2023
變動 二零二四年 二零二三年
Inpatient healthcare services 住院醫療服務
Inpatient visits 住院人次 +3.5% 76,968 74,337
Average length of stay (days) 平均住院日數 （天） – 6.4 6.4
Average spending per visit (RMB) 每人次平均開支 （人民幣元） -2.8% 14,114.3 14,523.2
Outpatient healthcare services 門診醫療服務
Outpatient visits 門診人次 -2.0% 1,449,016 1,530,169
Average spending per visit (RMB) 每人次平均開支 （人民幣元） -0.4% 430.2 428.7
Physical examination services 體檢服務
Physical examination visits 體檢人次 +7.1% 181,661 169,651
Average spending per visit (RMB) 每人次平均開支 （人民幣元） -34.2% 590.3 897.7



===== PAGE 21 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
20
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
康華醫院
二零二四年，在董事會的堅強領導下，經過
三年全院上下的共同努力，經過一系列的規
範和自主改進措施，康華醫院於二零二四年
九月，順利通過了三甲複審現場評審。二零
二四年十一月一日省衛健委正式宣佈我院
通過了三甲複審。這一成績的取得體現康華
醫院在醫療品質、醫院管理等方面的卓越實
力與深厚底蘊，且在這一過程中，湧現出一
大批優秀科室和優秀個人，以實際行動踐行
了醫院的核心價值觀，展現了高超的專業能
力和無私的奉獻精神。二零二四年十二月，
普通外科重新取得東莞市臨床重點專科稱號；
消化內科已正式通過東莞市重點專科複評。
康華醫院結合三甲複審工作，全面貫徹落實
上級衛生部門文件精神， 強化醫療品質管制。
二零二四年康華醫院亦獲得各級各類多個
榮譽，順利獲評國家級三級醫院卒中中心、
國家級炎症性腸病區域中心、國家級頭痛門
診、中國非公立醫療機構協會肥胖管理中心
建設示範單位及副主任委員單位。此外，醫
院被指定為廣東省創傷中心 （三級） 建設單
位及廣東省微創內鏡神經外科聯盟單位。通
過三級甲等醫院複評、高血壓達標中心 （標
準版） 認證、心衰中心再認證、第五次 「人類
輔助生殖技術」 校驗評審，康華醫院正式掛
牌為 「廣東藥科大學教學醫院」 。
二零二四年， 康華醫院繼續提高管理精益化。
醫院行政後勤各部門的緊密配合、 高效運作、
無私奉獻，做了大量工作，包括 （一） 責任心
增強，管理效率提升； （二） 主動深入臨床一
線服務，提高了服務意識； （三） 協作精神有
所改善，敢於主動擔當；及 （四） 管理能力水
準有所提高，提效率降成本的理念逐漸深入
人心。
於報告期間， 康華醫院錄得收益人民幣1,541.2
百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣1,566.2 百萬
元） ，同比下降1.6%，主要由於患者平均支
出及體檢收入下降所致。
Kanghua Hospital
In 2024, under the strong leadership of the Board and through the collective 
efforts of the entire hospital over the last three years, Kanghua Hospital 
successfully passed the on-site review for the Grade III Class A Hospital re-
evaluation in September 2024 after a series of regulatory and elective measures. 
On 1 November 2024, the Provincial Health Commission officially announced 
that Kanghua Hospital has passed the re-evaluation. This achievement reflects 
Kanghua Hospital’s excellence in medical quality and hospital management, 
and during this process, numerous outstanding departments and individuals 
emerged, demonstrating the hospital’s core values, exceptional professional skills 
and selfless dedication. In December 2024, our General Surgery Department 
regained the recognition as a Key Clinical Specialty in Dongguan City; the 
Gastroenterology Department has also officially passed the re-evaluation as a 
Key Specialty in Dongguan City. 
Kanghua Hospital, in conjunction with the Grade III Class A Hospital re-evaluation, 
has comprehensively implemented the directives of the higher health authorities 
to strengthen medical quality control. In 2024, Kanghua Hospital also received 
numerous honors at various levels, successfully being recognized as a National 
Level III Stroke Center, a National Inflammatory Bowel Disease Regional Center, 
a National Headache Clinic, a Demonstration Unit for Obesity Management by 
the China Non-public Medical Institutions Association and a Deputy Director Unit. 
Additionally, it was designated as a Guangdong Province Trauma Center (Level 
III) and a member of the Guangdong Province Minimally Invasive Endoscopic 
Neurosurgery Alliance. Through the re-evaluation for Grade III Class A status, 
the Hypertension Control Center (Standard Version) certification, the Heart Failure 
Center re-certification and the fifth review for “Human Assisted Reproductive 
Technology”, Kanghua Hospital was officially inaugurated as a Teaching Hospital 
of Guangdong Pharmaceutical University. 
In 2024, Kanghua Hospital continued to optimize its management practices. 
The hospital’s administrative and logistics departments worked closely together 
with high efficiency and selfless dedication, accomplishing a significant amount 
of work, including: (1) enhancing responsibility and improving management 
efficiency; (2) proactively engaging with frontline clinical services, thereby 
increasing our service awareness; (3) improving the spirit of collaboration and 
proactively taking on responsibilities; and (4) raising management skill levels, 
with the culture of efficiency improvement and cost reduction becoming deeply 
ingrained. 
During the Reporting Period, Kanghua Hospital recorded a revenue of RMB1,541.2 
million (2023: RMB1,566.2 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.6%, 
mainly due to a drop in patients’ average spending and revenue from physical 
examination.


===== PAGE 22 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
21
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
仁康醫院
二零二四年，仁康醫院繼續加強醫療品質管
制，提升醫院技術水準，全面優化醫療服務
品質，提升患者就醫體驗。年內繼續加強 「三
大中心」 的建設工作，提升急診急救整體水
準。持續完善醫院 「創傷中心、胸痛中心、
卒中中心」 三大中心創建的工作，二零二四
年五月收到東莞市衛生健康局文件，仁康醫
院再次被列入市道路交通事故應急醫療救
治定點醫院，恢復了交通事故危重病人的收
治工作。仁康醫院亦成立內三科病區、開設
中醫日間病房、中醫夜間門診和口腔科夜間
門診， 提升與社區及周邊醫院的核心競爭力。
在強化醫務人員能力培訓工作方面，今年陸
續開展了多項業務知識培訓，提高醫療技術
水準。同時開展 「互聯網+護理服務」 ，按市
衛生建康局管理要求，於二零二四年十二月
完成了備案，並順利開展工作，為有需求的
患者提供上門護理服務。臨床專科建設是立
院之本，強院之基，為加強專科建設，今年
成立了科教科，以制定、修訂和完善在學科
建設、科研、論文、人才選拔、教學及繼續
教育等方面的規章制度及管理辦法。
於報告期間，仁康醫院錄得收益人民幣
232.2百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣248.9百
萬元） ，同比減少6.7%。收益減少主要是由
於受當地經濟環境影響， 當地外來人口減少，
門診人次大幅減少，導致患者平均消費金額
下降，整體就診人次減少。
Renkang Hospital
In 2024, Renkang Hospital continued to strengthen its medical quality control, 
and enhance its technical levels, fully optimize medical service quality, and 
improve patient experience. Throughout the year, the hospital focused on 
the development of the “Three Major Centers” to elevate the overall standard 
of emergency and critical care services. Efforts to refine the establishment of 
the “Trauma Center, Chest Pain Center and Stroke Center” continued, and in 
May 2024, Renkang Hospital received notification from the Dongguan Health 
Bureau, designating it once again as an emergency medical rescue hospital 
for road traffic accidents, resuming the treatment of critically injured traffic 
accident patients. Renkang Hospital also established a new Internal Medicine 
Ward, launched Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) Daycare and Night Clinics, 
as well as an Oral Night Clinic, thereby enhancing its core competitiveness 
with community and neighboring hospitals. In terms of strengthening medical 
staff training, multiple business knowledge training sessions were conducted 
throughout the year to improve medical technical standards. Additionally, the 
hospital implemented “Internet + Nursing Services” and in compliance with the 
city health bureau’s management requirements, completed registration and 
successfully commenced services in December 2024, providing home nursing 
care to patients in need. Clinical specialty development is fundamental to the 
hospital’s foundation and its strengthening. To bolster specialty development, a 
Science and Education Department was established this year to formulate, revise 
and improve regulations and management methods in areas such as discipline 
construction, research, publications, talent selection, teaching, and continuing 
education. 
During the Reporting Period, Renkang Hospital recorded a revenue of RMB232.2 
million (2023: RMB248.9 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.7%. 
The decrease in revenue was mainly attributable to a drop in patients’ average 
spending and overall decrease in patient visits, which was affected by the local 
economic environment with the decline in number of local immigrants, and the 
number of people seeking medical treatment has dropped significantly.


===== PAGE 23 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
22
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
康心醫院
二零二四年，康心醫院緊貼國家衛生醫療政
策導向，立足心血管大專科、完善小綜合，
發揮醫院特色優勢，解決患者健康需求。其
次，醫院緊盯發展目標，廣拓管道，深挖市
場，不斷拓展業務範圍；持續加強醫院人才
隊伍建設，狠抓醫療品質和安全建設，取得
了良好的社會效益和經濟效益，醫院綜合發
展邁向新台階。
康心醫院年內在各方面取得成績，包括 (i)成
功舉辦第五屆渝歐 （康心） 國際心血管疾病
論壇，多次參與重慶市多個區縣義診和篩查
工作，對提升醫院影響力、擴大知名度起到
重要作用； (ii)順利開設普外科、胸外科及泌
尿外科，首次完成了腹腔鏡下闌尾及膽囊切
除手術，標誌了大外科的成功建立。開設健
康管理護理門診，收穫患者好評； (iii)成功舉
辦重慶市社會醫療機構心臟康復專業學組
成立大會暨第一次學術年會；及 (iv)獲得中
國無導線起搏器術者認證 《國家標準化體外
反搏中心建設單位》 授牌。
康心醫院於報告期間錄得收益人民幣 65.2百
萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣72.9百萬元） ，按
年計同比下降 10.6%，主要由於儘管患者就
診人次整體改善，但每人次平均開支減少所
致。
Kangxin Hospital
In 2024, Kangxin Hospital closely aligned with national healthcare policies, 
focusing on its cardiovascular specialty while enhancing its general services to 
leverage the hospital’s unique strengths and meet patients’ health needs. The 
hospital remained focused on its development goals, expanding channels, 
deepening market reach, and continuously broadening its service scope. It also 
strengthened its talent pool and focused on medical quality and safety, achieving 
significant social and economic benefits and taking the hospital’s overall 
development to a new level. 
Throughout the year, Kangxin Hospital made several notable achievements, 
including: (i) successfully hosting the 5th Chongqing-Europe (Kangxin) International 
Cardiovascular Disease Forum, and participating in multiple free clinics and 
screening events across various districts and counties in Chongqing, significantly 
enhancing the hospital’s influence and reputation; (ii) successfully establishing 
General Surgery, Thoracic Surgery, and Urology departments, and performing its 
first laparoscopic appendectomy and cholecystectomy, marking the successful 
establishment of its major surgery department. The hospital also opened a 
Health Management Nursing Clinic, receiving positive feedback from patients; 
(iii) successfully organizing the inaugural meeting and first academic annual 
conference of the Chongqing Social Medical Institutions Cardiac Rehabilitation 
Professional Group; and (iv) receiving certification for performing leadless 
pacemaker procedures and being awarded the title of “National Standardized 
External Counterpulsation Center Construction Unit”.
During the Reporting Period, Kangxin Hospital has recorded a revenue of 
RMB65.2 million (2023: RMB72.9 million), representing a year-on-year decrease 
of 10.6%, primarily due to a decrease in the average spending per visit despite an 
overall improvement in patient visits.


===== PAGE 24 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
23
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
下表載列於所示年度按醫院服務分部的醫
學專科劃分的收益貢獻：
附註： 本集團的醫學專科一般可分為臨床專科
和醫療技術專科。醫療技術專科根據臨床
專科的要求不時提供診斷和治療支援。通
過醫療技術專科提供服務產生的收益通
常在使用這些服務的相關臨床專科中確認。
The table below sets forth the revenue contribution by healthcare disciplines of 
our hospital services segment for the years indicated:
For the year ended 31 December
截至十二月三十一日止年度
Healthcare disciplines 醫學專科
Change
變動
2024
二零二四年
% of revenue
of the Group’s
owned
hospitals
分佔本集團
擁有醫院的
收益百分比
2023
二零二三年
% of revenue
of the Group’s
owned 
hospitals
分佔本集團
擁有醫院的
收益百分比
RMB’000
人民幣千元
RMB’000
人民幣千元
Cardiovascular related disciplines 心血管有關科室 -4.4% 258,977 14.1 271,010 14.3
Internal medicine related disciplines 內科有關科室 -0.7% 224,300 12.2 225,834 12.0
O&G related disciplines 婦產科有關科室 +0.5% 213,494 11.6 212,455 11.3
General surgery related disciplines 普通外科有關科室 +13.6% 143,344 7.8 126,149 6.7
Neurology related disciplines 神經醫學有關科室 -3.0% 120,550 6.6 124,279 6.6
Orthopaedics related disciplines 骨科有關科室 -5.6% 80,907 4.4 85,740 4.5
Emergency medicine related disciplines 急診有關科室 -14.2% 78,030 4.2 90,949 4.8
Oncology related disciplines 腫瘤科有關科室 +6.9% 73,414 4.0 68,656 3.6
Nephrology related disciplines 腎臟科有關科室 +3.2% 71,888 3.9 69,676 3.7
Medical aesthetic related disciplines 醫學美容有關科室 +4.6% 47,668 2.6 45,569 2.4
Paediatrics related disciplines 兒童醫學有關科室 -18.4% 42,434 2.3 51,980 2.8
Physical examination 體檢科 -29.6% 107,243 5.8 152,296 8.1
Other disciplines 其他臨床科室 +3.6% 376,283 20.5 363,295 19.2
Total 總計 1,838,532 100.0 1,887,888 100.0
Note: The Group’s healthcare disciplines can generally be classified into clinical disciplines 
and medical technology disciplines. Medical technology disciplines provide 
diagnostic and treatment support according to the requirements of clinical disciplines 
from time to time. Revenue derived from services delivered through medical 
technology disciplines is generally recognised in the relevant clinical disciplines that 
utilised such services.


===== PAGE 25 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
24
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
In 2024, the Group performed a total of 53,871 surgeries (2023: 48,105), including 
24,031 surgeries (2023: 22,092) with level 3 or level 4 complexities, representing 
a year-on-year increase of 12.0% and 8.8%, respectively. The increase is primarily 
attributable to an increase in patient visits which demonstrates the improvements 
in our medical service quality and capabilities, as well as the growing recognition 
of our brand and reputation.
During the Reporting Period, the top five revenue-generating disciplines from the 
Group’s hospital services segment accounted for approximately 52.3% of the 
segment’s revenue (2023: 50.9%). Revenue from most of our major disciplines 
and service offerings has recorded a decline in 2024. The Group only recorded 
a mild decrease in the overall number of patient visits, however, recent stringent 
reforms in the social security system, particularly regarding payment rate 
adjustments and standardized pricing for common procedures, have resulted 
in a reduction in patients’ average spending, and in turn a decline in revenue 
compared to last year.
VIP Special Services
The Group’s special services are high-end healthcare services that extend beyond 
basic medical services and are specifically catered for more affluent patients who 
are willing to pay a premium for higher quality and customised services that are 
not generally available in public hospitals. The Group’s special services consist 
of VIP healthcare services, reproductive medicine, plastic and aesthetic surgery 
and laser treatment. In 2024, the total revenue derived from special services 
amounted to RMB149.0 million (2023: RMB159.9 million), representing a year-on-
year decrease of 6.8%.
於二零二四年，本集團已施行合共 53,871例
（二零二三年： 48,105 例） 手術，包括24,031
例 （二零二三年：22,092例） 三、四級複雜手
術，同比分別增加12.0% 及 8.8%。該增加主
要歸因患者就診次數增加，足證我們的醫療
服務品質及能力提升，我們的品牌和聲譽也
日益獲得認可。
於報告期間，本集團醫院服務分部產生收益
的五大專科佔分部收益約 52.3%（二零二三
年：50.9%） 。二零二四年，本集團大部分主
要科室及服務收益均錄得下跌。本集團整體
就診人次僅錄得輕微下降，但近期社保制度
嚴格改革，尤其是關於支付比率調整及常見
手術的標準化定價， 導致患者平均支出減少，
進而導致收益較去年下降。
VIP特殊服務
本集團的特殊服務是超出基本醫療服務的
高端化醫療服務，主要針對高收入患者，彼
等願意為普通公立醫院難以提供的高品質
及定制化服務支付額外費用。本集團的特殊
服務包括貴賓醫療服務、生殖醫學、整形及
美容手術及激光治療。於二零二四年，來自
特殊服務的總收益為人民幣 149.0百萬元 （二
零二三年：人民幣 159.9百萬元） ，按年計同
比下降 6.8%。


===== PAGE 26 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
25
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
下表列出本集團特殊服務於所示年度的收
益貢獻：
於二零二四年，我們貴賓醫療服務業績有所
降低，原因為貴賓門診人次及每人次住院平
均開支較上年減少。華心樓 （康華醫院專門
用於貴賓醫療服務的綜合大樓） 對我們提供
服務的需求 （按住院人次計） 保持相對穩定，
然而每住院人次的平均開支卻顯著下降。於
報告期內，貴賓醫療服務 （包括貴賓住院及
門診服務以及貴賓婦產科服務） 的收益為人
民幣 95.0百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣100.0
百萬元） ，按年計同比下降4.9%。本集團認
為，下降與東莞地區經濟環境式微有關。
我們的生殖醫學收益減少至人民幣 30.6百萬
元 （二零二三年：人民幣35.7百萬元） ，同比
下降 14.4%，主要是由於普遍的生育情緒持
續下降及疫情的後遺症造成。
康復及其他醫療服務
本集團以安徽樺霖集團為代表的康復及醫
療服務分部透過兩間康復醫院、一間綜合醫
院、一個門診中心、十三間康復中心及一間
職業培訓學校運營。於報告期間，本集團康
復及其他相關醫療服務分部錄得收益人民
幣 128.4百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣141.2百
萬元） ，同比下降9.1%。
The table below sets forth the revenue contribution for the Group’s special 
services for the years indicated:
For the year ended 31 December
截至十二月三十一日止年度
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
Change RMB’000 RMB’000
變動 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
VIP healthcare services 貴賓醫療服務 -4.9% 95,016 99,964
Reproductive medicine 生殖醫學 -14.4% 30,594 35,749
Laser treatment 激光治療 -8.9% 18,487 20,294
Plastic and aesthetic surgery 整形美容外科 +27.4% 4,941 3,879
Total revenue from special services 特殊服務的總收益 -6.8% 149,038 159,886
In 2024, the performance of our VIP healthcare services declined as the number 
of VIP outpatient visits and inpatient’s average spending per visit decreased 
as compared with last year. The demand (by number of inpatient visits) for our 
service offerings from Huaxin Building (a complex in Kanghua Hospital dedicated 
to VIP healthcare services) maintained relatively stable, however, average 
spending per inpatient visit has significantly decreased. Our revenue from VIP 
healthcare services (including VIP inpatient and outpatient services and VIP O&G 
services) amounted to RMB95.0 million for the Reporting Period (2023: RMB100.0 
million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 4.9%. The Group believes the 
decline is related to the staggering economic environment in the Dongguan 
region.
Our revenue from reproductive medicine decreased to RMB30.6 million (2023: 
RMB35.7 million), representing a year-on-year decline of 14.4%. This decrease 
is primarily attributed to the ongoing decline in the general sentiment towards 
childbirth and the lingering effects of the pandemic.
Rehabilitation and other Healthcare Services
The Group’s rehabilitation and healthcare services segment, represented by 
Anhui Hualin Group, is operated through two rehabilitation hospitals, a general 
hospital, an outpatient center, thirteen rehabilitation centers, and one vocational 
training school. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s rehabilitation and other 
related healthcare services segment recorded a revenue of RMB128.4 million 
(2023: RMB141.2 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 9.1%.


===== PAGE 27 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
26
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
安徽樺霖集團擁有超過1,000 名員工 （二零
二三年： 980 名） ，並與安徽省殘疾人聯合
會及當地政府在提供殘疾人培訓服務方面
維持穩定的合作關係。其亦為中國安徽省提
供兒童康復服務的主要機構。於二零二四年
十二月三十一日，合肥康華康復醫院及合肥
金谷醫院共經營 260張註冊床位 （二零二三
年：250 張） 。於報告期間，康復醫院錄得
門診人次及住院人次分別達 27,988名（ 二 零
二三年：24,434名 ）及4,624名 （二零二三年：
4,614名 ）。
於二零二四年，合肥市醫療保障局對血友病
服務進行全面檢查，導致該等服務暫停，對
合肥金谷醫院產生的收益造成重大影響。恢
復運營的工作包括推廣特殊門診服務、診斷
及治療項目以及醫療專家， 導致門診量增加。
值得注意的是，中醫藥門診人次較去年有所
上升。
住院人次增長及收益受到社會保險限額及更
嚴格的安全生產法規的限制，導致因工受傷
患者減少。二零二四年實施的 DRG新法規將
年度社會保險配額保持在去年的水平，影響
收益預測。儘管已作出努力吸引安徽新地區
的患者，但患者數量仍然有限，給二零二四
年的收益增長帶來壓力。
兒童康復服務的商業環境仍較成人康復服
務更為有利。正在採取措施促進兒童康復中
心的成長及可持續發展。本集團繼續監控市
場並尋求與合適的當地康復中心建立合作
夥伴關係。二零二四年，十三所康復中心 （含
合肥市殘疾人聯合會管理下新成立的康復
中心） 共收治腦癱、孤獨症、聽障及智障患
兒 3,493人 （二零二三年：3,277人） ，較二零
二三年同比增長 6. 6%。
於報告期間，康復醫院及其他醫療服務收益
按年計同比下降 26.4%至人民幣 54.4百萬元
（二零二三年：人民幣 73.9百萬元） 及康復中
心服務及其他服務收益按年增長 10.0%至人
民幣74.1 百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣67.4
百萬元） 。
Anhui Hualin Group employs over 1,000 (2023: 980) staff and has a stable 
cooperation with the Anhui Disabled Persons Federation and local governments 
in the provision of training services for the disabled. It is also a major organisation 
offering children rehabilitation services in Auhui Province, the PRC. As at 31 
December 2024, Hefei Kanghua Rehabilitation Hospital and Hefei Jingu Hospital 
operated a total of 260 registered beds (2023: 250). During the Reporting Period, 
the rehabilitation hospitals recorded 27,988 outpatient visits (2023: 24,434) and 
4,624 inpatient visits (2023: 4,614).
In 2024, a full inspection of hemophilia services by the Hefei Municipal Medical 
Insurance Bureau led to a suspension of these services, significantly impacting 
revenue generated from Hefei Jingu Hospital. Efforts to restore operations have 
included promoting special outpatient services, diagnosis and treatment projects, 
and medical experts, resulting in increased outpatient volume. Notably, traditional 
Chinese medicine outpatient visits have risen compared to last year.
Inpatient visit growth and revenue have been restrained by social insurance limits 
and stricter production safety regulations, leading to fewer work-related injury 
patients. New DRG regulations implemented in 2024 have kept annual social 
insurance quotas at last year’s levels, impacting revenue forecasts. Although 
efforts have been made to attract patients from new regions in Anhui, patient 
volume remains limited, pressuring revenue growth for 2024.
The business environment for children’s rehabilitation services remains more 
favorable than for adults. Measures are being implemented to promote the 
growth and sustainability of children’s rehabilitation centers. The Group continues 
to monitor the market and seek partnerships with suitable local rehabilitation 
centers. In 2024, the thirteen rehabilitation centers (including the newly 
established rehabilitation center under the management of the Hefei Disabled 
Persons’ Federation) admitted a total of 3,493 (2023: 3,277) children with cerebral 
palsy, autism, hearing impairment and mental retardation, with a year-on-year 
increase of 6.6% compared to 2023.
During the Reporting Period, revenue from rehabilitation hospital and other 
healthcare services recorded a year-on-year decrease of 26.4% to RMB54.4 
million (2023: RMB73.9 million) and revenue from rehabilitation centres services 
and other services recorded a year-on-year increase of 10.0% to RMB74.1 million 
(2023: RMB67.4 million).


===== PAGE 28 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
27
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
血液透析服務分部
本集團的血液透析服務分部指中國血液透
析門診中心的運營。於報告期間，本集團完
成收購康華血液透析集團的 70%股權。於本
報告日期，康華血液透析集團經營12 家血
液透析中心，分別位於廣州 （2家） 、成都 （3
家 ）、 深 圳（1家 ）、 佛 山（1家 ）、 中 山（1家 ）、
珠 海（1家 ）、 陽 江（1家 ）、 揭 陽（1家 ）及 江 門（1
家） ，服務930（二零二三年： 730） 多名定期
血液透析患者。於二零二四年 （自收購起） ，
血液透析門診中心已施行血液透析手術超過
118,000例，而二零二三年施行的血液透析手
術則約為 90,000例，同比增長超過 31.1%。
康華血液透析集團受益於強勁的複發性患
者流及穩定的收入，原因為血液透析需要持
續且定期的治療，而非一次性治療。本集團
計劃增加其服務能力，從而擴大收益基礎。
於報告期間，康華血液透析集團產生收益人
民幣 75.8百萬元，已於本集團年度業績綜合
入賬。董事會認為，該收購預計將提高康華
血液透析集團的盈利能力及效率。儘管血液
透析服務分部目前處於虧損狀態，但就長期
而言， 預計將為本公司及其股東產生正回報。
老年醫療服務
本集團的老年醫療服務分部，包括在仁康醫
院綜合性的老年保健中心，即仁康護理院，
旨在向中國東莞市厚街鎮的當地居民提供
優質高端養老服務。
於二零二四年，仁康護理院共有床位 108張
（二零二三年： 108張） ，平均住院時間113.2
天 （二零二三年：118.2天） 且獲得床位年均
利用率達到 91.0%（二零二三年： 87.9%）。 報
告期間提供老年醫療服務的收入為人民幣
12.9 百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣12.7 百萬
元） ，同比增長1.5%，主要由於年內利用率
提升所致。隨著運營的成熟，仁康護理院持
續在當地的老年醫療服務方面享有盛譽。於
二零二四年，該中心重點為老年居民提供高
質量的後續服務， 包括中醫理療及康復訓練。
此外，該中心亦加強內部管理，修訂及完善
療養院安全規程等制度，確保各方面服務規
範化、制度化。仁康護理院將繼續著重提升
服務質量，並配合廣東省養老機構的評估流
程，努力實現五星級養老機構認證。
Haemodialysis services segment
The Group’s haemodialysis services segment represents the operation of 
haemodialysis outpatient centres in the PRC. During the Reporting Period, 
the Group completed the acquisition of 70% equity interest in the Kanghua 
Haemodialysis Group. As at the date of this report, the Kanghua Haemodialysis 
Group operates 12 haemodialysis centres, located in Guangzhou (2), Chengdu 
(3), Shenzhen (1), Foshan (1), Zhongshan (1), Zhuhai (1), Yangjiang (1), Jieyang (1) 
and Jiangmen (1), serving more than 930 (2023: 730) regular haemodialysis 
patients. In 2024 (since its acquisition), the haemodialysis outpatient centres 
had performed more than 118,000 haemodialysis operations as compared with 
approximately 90,000 haemodialysis operations with 2023, representing a year-
on-year growth of over 31.1%.
The Kanghua Haemodialysis Group benefits from a strong recurring patient flow 
and stable income, as haemodialysis requires ongoing and regular sessions 
rather than being a one-time treatment. The Group plans to increase its service 
capacity, thereby expanding its revenue base. For the Reporting Period, the 
Kanghua Haemodialysis Group generated revenue of RMB75.8 million, which 
has been consolidated into the Group’s annual results. The Board is of the 
view that the acquisition is expected to enhance the profitability and efficiency 
of the Kanghua Haemodialysis Group. Although currently loss-making, the 
haemodialysis services segment is anticipated to generate positive returns for the 
Company and its Shareholders in the long term.
Elderly Healthcare Services
The Group’s elderly healthcare services segment comprised our comprehensive 
elderly healthcare centre located inside Renkang Hospital, namely, Renkang 
Elderly Care Centre with the vision of providing quality high-end elderly care 
services to local residents in Houjie Town, Dongguan City, the PRC.
In 2024, Renkang Elderly Care Centre had a total of 108 (2023: 108) beds with 
an average length of stay of 113.2 days (2023: 118.2 days) and achieved an 
average annual bed utilisation rate of 91.0% (2023: 87.9%). Revenue from the 
provision of elderly healthcare services for the Reporting Period amounted 
to RMB12.9 million (2023: RMB12.7 million), representing a period-on-period 
increase of 1.5%, primarily due to improved utilisation during the year. As the 
operation matures, Renkang Elderly Care Centre continues to gain reputation 
for its elderly healthcare services in the district. In 2024, the center has placed 
an emphasis on providing high-quality follow-up services for elderly residents, 
including traditional Chinese medicine physiotherapy and rehabilitation training. 
Additionally, the center has strengthened internal management, revising and 
improving safety protocols and other systems for nursing homes to ensure the 
standardization and institutionalization of all service aspects. Renkang Elderly 
Care Centre will continue to focus on enhancing service quality and cooperating 
with the evaluation process of Guangdong Province’s Pension Institution, striving 
to achieve accreditation as a five-star pension institution.


===== PAGE 29 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
28
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
行業前景及策略
中國的醫療改革正朝著建立具有中國特色
的優質高效的醫療體系快速推進。作為領先
的醫療服務提供商， 本集團通過秉承專業化、
規範化及差異化的管理服務把握該等機遇
及挑戰。於報告期內，我們重點加強醫院管
理， 提高綜合性醫療服務質量， 促進規範化、
專業化、品牌化發展。
於二零二四年六月下旬，中國衞生發展和醫
療改革全國會議討論公立醫院改革、藥品供
應、社會保險等議題。中國旨在於二零二四
年改善公共醫療服務的可及性， 特別是基層，
並減輕患者的經濟負擔。改革任務包括加強
公共醫療服務、發展公立醫院、改革醫藥相
關政策。今年的改革亦強調醫療技術進步、
多層次診斷治療及數位化服務。
國家醫療保障局 《DRG/DIP支付方式改革三
年行動計劃》 要求，二零二四年底在所有規
劃區域實施診斷相關分組 (DRG)╱按病種分
值付費 (DIP)模式，到二零二五年底，覆蓋所
有提供住院服務的合資格醫療機構。該計劃
提高了醫療保險的透明度及效率，要求私立
醫療機構保持高標準，並吸引長期患有複雜
疾病的患者。
Industry Outlook and Strategy
China’s medical reform is rapidly advancing towards establishing a high-
quality and efficient healthcare system with unique Chinese characteristics. As 
a leading healthcare service provider, the Group embraces these opportunities 
and challenges by adhering to professional, standardized, and differentiated 
management services. During the Reporting Period, we focused on enhancing 
hospital management, improving the quality of comprehensive medical services, 
and promoting development in standardization, specialization, and branding.
In late June 2024, a national conference on China’s health development and 
healthcare reform discussed topics including public hospital reforms, medicine 
supply, and social insurance. China aims to improve access to public healthcare 
services, especially at the primary level, and reduce patients’ financial burdens in 
2024. The reform tasks include enhancing public healthcare services, developing 
public hospitals, and reforming medicine-related policies. The current year’s 
reforms have also emphasized medical technological progress, multi-tiered 
diagnosis and treatment, and digitalized services.
The National Healthcare Security Administration’s “Three-Year Action Plan for 
DRG/DIP Payment Reform” mandates that Diagnosis-Related Groups (DRG)/
Diagnosis-Intervention Packet (DIP) payment models have been implemented 
in all planning areas at the end of 2024 and will cover all qualified medical 
institutions providing inpatient services by the end of 2025. This plan promotes 
transparency and efficiency in medical insurance, requiring high standards from 
private medical institutions and attracting patients with long-term and complex 
illnesses.


===== PAGE 30 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
29
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
展望二零二五年，我們預計中國的醫院改革
將繼續集中在以下方面：
• 醫療可及性： 通過增加社區衛生中心
及加強遠程醫療， 改善服務的可及性，
特別是在農村及服務不足的地區。
• 護理質量： 通過更嚴格的法規及績效
評估來規範及提高護理質量。
• 服務整合： 加強一級、二級及三級醫
療服務之間的整合，以改善轉診系統
及護理的連續性。
• 數字健康： 優先採用數字技術，包括
電子健康記錄(EHR) 及人工智能驅動
的診斷，以簡化操作及改善結果。
• 保險改革： 擴大社會保險的涵蓋範圍
並提高報銷率，使醫療服務更實惠且
更容易獲得。
預計到二零三零年，中國的醫療開支將達到
人民幣 205萬億元。儘管近期面臨挑戰，董
事會對二零二五年的醫療保健行業持樂觀
態度。
我們的策略
二零二五年，本集團擬透過以下措施把握行
業機遇：
• 繼續加強重點專科的建設。 加強心血
管中心、整形美容科、婦產醫學科、
健康管理中心、康復醫學科、血液淋
巴瘤科、消化疾病中心、檢驗科、腫
瘤精準診療中心、乳腺中心、普通外
科等重點專科的建設；引進與培養學
科帶頭人，進一步優化專科佈局，打
造高峰學專科，引領醫院發展。
Looking forward into 2025, we anticipate that China’s hospital reform will continue 
to focus on:
• Healthcare Accessibility:  Improving access to services, particularly in rural 
and underserved areas, by increasing community health centers and 
enhancing telemedicine.
• Quality of Care: Standardizing and improving care quality through stricter 
regulations and performance evaluations.
• Integration of Services:  Enhancing integration between primary, 
secondary, and tertiary healthcare services to improve referral systems 
and continuity of care.
• Digital Health: Prioritizing the adoption of digital technologies, including 
electronic health records (EHRs) and AI-driven diagnostics, to streamline 
operations and improve outcomes.
• Insurance Reforms:  Expanding social insurance coverage and improving 
reimbursement rates to make medical services more affordable and 
accessible.
Healthcare expenditure in China is projected to reach RMB205 trillion by 2030. 
Despite recent challenges, the Board is positive on the healthcare sector for 2025.
Our Strategy
In 2025, our Group intends to capitalise on industry opportunities through the 
following measures:
• Continue to strengthen the development of key specialties:  Enhance the 
construction of key specialty departments such as the Cardiovascular 
Center, Plastic and Cosmetic Surgery, Obstetrics and Gynecology, 
Health Management Center, Rehabilitation Medicine, Hematology and 
Lymphoma, Digestive Diseases Center, Laboratory, Oncology Precision 
Treatment Center, Breast Center, and General Surgery. Introduce and 
cultivate prominent leaders in these fields, further optimize the specialty 
layout, build top-notch specialized departments, and lead the hospital’s 
development. 


===== PAGE 31 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
30
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
• 抓好高端醫療服務。 隨著社會發展，
社會對於醫療服務的需求日益增長，
患者對於優質醫療體驗的期待也在
不斷攀升。集團要做好醫院的差異化
發展和高端服務，從技術、設備、藥
品、服務等方面為患者提供便捷化、
個性化、深度化的診療全週期管理，
真正提升醫院高端服務的能力水準。
• 規範醫保、院感、護理、藥事管理。
充分發揮醫保政策及支付機制，強化
醫保基金管理。全面推進 「感術」 行
動，提高醫務人員院感意識，保障手
術品質安全。完善護理品質管制組織
體系與護理品質建設工作，持續改進
護理品質。藥學方面加強合理用藥管
理。
重大投資及資本資產之未來計劃
康華 • 清溪分院
康華 • 清溪分院是本集團位於東莞市清溪鎮
的新老年醫療保健綜合體開發項目 （於二零
二零年收購該幅地塊的土地使用權） ，主要
設施的建設工作已於二零二一年開始。項目
發展包括一個綜合性老年醫療設施，特別關
注老年患者及康復，並將進一步提高本集團
提供高端綜合醫療護理服務的能力，以滿足
中國廣東省日益增長的醫療服務需求。
康華 • 清溪分院總建築面積逾 130,000平方
米，規劃建築內容包括數棟醫技樓、住院樓
及護理樓，其中我們預計將有住院床位 500
張，護理康復床位約 800張。一期工程包括
醫技樓、住院樓及康復樓，總建築面積約
44,000平方米。我們預期一期建設項目將於
二零二五年中前完成建築主體結構建設及
驗收，並於二零二五年底前完成相關室內裝
修，旨在於二零二六年初前將項目一期投入
運營。截至二零二四年十二月三十一日，康
華 • 清溪分院的總投資為約人民幣 229.2百
萬元。
除本報告披露者外，本集團於本報告日期並
無其他重大投資計劃或資本資產計劃。
• Focus on high-end medical services:  As society develops, the demand 
for medical services is increasing, and patients’ expectations for high-
quality medical experiences are rising. Our Group needs to promote the 
hospitals’ differentiated development and high-end services, providing 
patients with convenient, personalized, and comprehensive diagnostic 
and treatment management across the entire cycle, thus meaningfully 
enhancing the hospital’s high-end service capabilities.
• Standardize medical insurance, hospital infection control, nursing, and 
pharmaceutical management: Fully leverage medical insurance policies 
and payment mechanisms, and strengthen the management of medical 
insurance funds. Comprehensively advance the “infection control” 
initiative to increase healthcare workers’ awareness of hospital infections 
and ensure surgical quality and safety. Enhance the organizational 
system for nursing quality control and the construction of nursing quality, 
continuously upgrading nursing standards. Strengthen the management 
of rational drug use. 
Future Plans for Material Investments and Capital Assets
The Kanghua Qingxi Healthcare Complex 
The Kanghua Qingxi Healthcare Complex is the Group’s new elderly medical 
and healthcare complex development in Qingxi Town, Dongguan City (the 
land use rights of a land parcel which was acquired in year 2020), construction 
work of the main facilities had commenced in 2021. The development involves 
a comprehensive elderly healthcare medical facility with a particular focus 
on geriatric patients and rehabilitation, and will further enhance the Group’s 
capability in providing high-end integrated medical care to meet the increasing 
demand for such services in Guangdong Province, the PRC.
The Kanghua Qingxi Healthcare Complex has a total construction area of more 
than 130,000 square meters, and the planned architectural content includes 
several medical technology buildings, inpatient buildings, and nursing buildings, 
among which we expect there will be 500 inpatient beds and about 800 nursing 
and rehabilitation beds. The first phase of construction covers the medical 
technology building, the inpatient building, and the rehabilitation building, with 
a total construction area of approximately 44,000 square meters. We expect 
the construction and inspection of the main structure of the buildings for the first 
phase of the construct to complete by mid of 2025, the relevant interior decoration 
to complete by end of 2025, and aim to put the first phase of the project into 
operation by early 2026. As of 31 December 2024, the total investment in 
Kanghua Qingxi Healthcare Complex amounted to approximately RMB229.2 
million.
Save as disclosed in this report, the Group did not have other plans for material 
investments or capital assets as of the date of this report.


===== PAGE 32 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
31
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
財務回顧
分部收益
本集團主要從以下各項賺取收益： (i)醫院服
務－通過其擁有的醫院 （即康華醫院、仁康
醫院及康心醫院） 提供醫療服務，包括住院
醫療服務、門診醫療服務及體檢服務； (ii)康
復及其他醫療服務－為身體或精神殘疾病人
提供康復服務及其他醫療相關服務，包括老
年護理及殘疾人訓練服務； (iii)血液透析服
務－提供血液透析服務，通常指為腎病患者
複製腎臟功能以清除血液中廢物的治療；及
(iv)老年醫療服務－提供老年醫療服務，包括
生活輔助、成人日托、長期護理、住院護理
及老年病人的臨終關懷。
下表載列所示年度本集團按分部劃分的收益、
收益成本、毛利及毛利率：
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止年度
截至二零二三年十二月三十一日止年度
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Segment Revenue
The Group generates revenue primarily from: (i) hospital services – provision 
of healthcare services through its owned hospitals, namely Kanghua Hospital, 
Renkang Hospital and Kangxin Hospital, comprising inpatient healthcare services, 
outpatient healthcare services and physical examination services; (ii) rehabilitation 
and other healthcare services – provision of rehabilitation services to patients with 
physical or mental disabilities and other healthcare related services including 
elderly care and training service for the disabled; (iii) haemodialysis services – 
provision of haemodialysis services, which generally refers to treatments that 
replicate kidney’s function to remove wastes in blood for patients with kidney 
conditions; and (iv) elderly healthcare services – provision of elderly healthcare 
services, including assisted living, adult daycare, long-term care, residential care 
and hospice care to the aged patients.
The following tables below set forth the revenue, cost of revenue, gross profit and 
gross profit margin of the Group by segment for the years indicated:
For the year ended 31 December 2024
Hospital 
services
Rehabilitation 
and other 
healthcare 
services
Haemodialysis 
services
Elderly 
healthcare 
services Total
醫院服務
康復及其他
醫療服務
血液
透析服務
老年
醫療服務 總計
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Revenue 收益 1,838,532 128,449 75,770 12,919 2,055,670
Cost of revenue 收益成本 (1,549,785) (101,777) (74,328) (7,907) (1,733,797)
Gross profit 毛利 288,747 26,672 1,442 5,012 321,873
Gross profit margin 毛利率 15.7% 20.8% 1.9% 38.8% 15.7%
For the year ended 31 December 2023
Hospital 
services
Rehabilitation 
and other 
healthcare 
services
Elderly 
healthcare 
services Total
醫院服務
康復及其他
醫療服務
老年
醫療服務 總計
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Revenue 收益 1,887,888 141,243 12,727 2,041,858
Cost of revenue 收益成本 (1,554,815) (114,424) (8,249) (1,677,488)
Gross profit 毛利 333,073 26,819 4,478 364,370
Gross profit margin 毛利率 17.6% 19.0% 35.2% 17.8%


===== PAGE 33 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
32
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
本集團醫院服務的收益為人民幣 1,838.5百萬
元 （二零二三年：人民幣1,887.9百萬元） ，按
年計同比下降 2.6%，佔本集團總收益 89.4%
（二零二三年： 92.5%）。
醫院服務的收益包括： (i) 住院醫療服務的
收益人民幣1,086.4 百萬元 （二零二三年：
人民幣1,079.6 百萬元） ，按年計同比上升
0.6%，佔本集團總收益52.8% （二零二三
年：52.9%）；(ii)門診醫療服務的收益人民幣
644.9百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣656.0百
萬元） ，按年計同比下降1.7%，佔本集團總
收益 31.4%（二零二三年： 32.1%）； 及(iii)體檢
服務的收益人民幣107.2 百萬元 （二零二三
年：人民幣 152.3百萬元） ，按年計同比減少
29.6%，佔本集團總收益 5.2%（二零二三年：
7.5%） 。醫院服務收益減少主要由於：(i)我
們主要醫療科室收益減少，特別是體檢、兒
童醫學有關科室、急診有關科室、骨科有關
科室及心血管有關科室； (ii)我們所有主要服
務項目的患者平均開支減少；及 (iii)儘管於
報告期間住院及體檢人次增加。平均開支下
降主要是由於人力資源和社會保障部實施
的 DIP模式下不同 DRG分組的支付費率下調
及社保支付配額收緊。此外，體檢人次的收
益大幅下降乃由於報告期內每名患者進行的
體檢項目減少所致。近期的改革及社會保險
支付收緊預計將繼續使我們的收益增長承壓。
隨著近期國家政策改革力度加大、 COVID-19
後相關需求減少及行業調整，本集團自有醫
院收益出現按年計同比下降。尤其是醫療、
醫藥及 「三醫」 政策變化，改變醫療機構現
有的管理模式及績效考核體系，為本集團帶
來新的機遇與挑戰。
Revenue from the Group’s hospital services amounted to RMB1,838.5 million 
(2023: RMB1,887.9 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.6% and 
accounting for 89.4% (2023: 92.5%) of the total revenue of the Group.
Revenue from hospital services comprised (i) revenue from inpatient healthcare 
services amounted to RMB1,086.4 million (2023: RMB1,079.6 million), representing 
a year-on-year increase of 0.6%, accounting for 52.8% (2023: 52.9%) of the 
total revenue of the Group; (ii) revenue from outpatient healthcare services 
amounted to RMB644.9 million (2023: RMB656.0 million), representing a year-
on-year decrease of 1.7%, accounting for 31.4% (2023: 32.1%) of the total revenue 
of the Group; and (iii) revenue from physical examination services amounted 
to RMB107.2 million (2023: RMB152.3 million), representing a year-on-year 
decrease of 29.6%, accounting for 5.2% (2023: 7.5%) of the total revenue of the 
Group. The decrease in revenue from hospital services is primarily attributable 
to (i) the decline in revenue of our major medical disciplines, in particular, 
physical examination, paediatrics related disciplines, emergency medicine 
related disciplines, orthopaedics related disciplines and cardiovascular related 
disciplines; (ii) the decrease in patient average spending across all of our major 
service offerings; and (iii) despite the increase in the number of inpatient and 
physical examination visits during the Reporting Period. The decline in average 
spending is primarily due to downward adjustments in payment rates for 
different DRG groups and tightened social insurance payment quotas under 
the DIP model implemented by the Ministry of Human Resources and Social 
Security. Additionally, the significant drop in revenue from physical examinations 
is due to fewer examination tasks performed per patient during the Reporting 
Period. Recent reforms and tightened social insurance payments are expected 
to continue to put a pressure on our revenue growth. With recent intensified 
national policy reforms, decrease in post-COVID-19 related demand and industry 
adjustments, the Group’s revenue of our self-owned hospitals experienced a 
year-on-year decline. In particular, the changes in healthcare, pharmaceuticals, 
and the “Three Medical” policies have altered the existing management models 
and performance evaluation systems of healthcare institutions, presenting new 
opportunities and challenges to the Group.


===== PAGE 34 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
33
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
康復及其他醫療服務的收益為人民幣 128.4
百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣141.2百萬元） ，
按年計同比減少 9.1%，佔本集團總收益 6.2%
（二零二三年： 6.9%） 。康復及其他醫療服務
的收益包括 (i)來自康復醫院及其他醫療服務
的收益人民幣 54.4百萬元 （二零二三年：人
民幣 73.9百萬元） ，按年計同比下降26.4%；
及 (ii)康復中心服務及其他服務 （尤其是我們
的兒童康復業務） 的收益人民幣74.1百萬元
（二零二三年：人民幣 67.4百萬元） ，按年計
同比增加10.0%。收益減少主要是由於(i) 我
們康復醫院的血友病服務因當地政府部門
的定期檢查而暫停； (ii)近期在付費費率調整
方面的改革及政策實施以及年度社會保險
賠付額度的限制；及 (iii)儘管我們的兒童康
復中心業務的就診人次及收入有所增加。
血液透析服務的收益為人民幣 75.8百萬元 （二
零二三年：無） ，佔本集團總收益的3.7%（二
零二三年：無） 。血液透析服務分部為本集
團於二零二四年一月新收購的分部，目前仍
處於虧損狀態。董事會樂觀認為血液透析服
務分部將成為本集團中長期的主要收益來
源之一。
來自老年醫療服務的收益指在仁康護理院
提供老年醫療服務的收益人民幣 12.9百萬元
（二零二三年：人民幣 12.7百萬元） ，按年計
同比增長 1.5%，佔本集團總收益的 0.6%（二
零二三年： 0.6%） 。收益水平相對穩定，主
要歸因於仁康護理院業務運營日趨成熟，已
達到我們的最大運營能力。
收益成本
本集團醫院服務分部 （包括住院醫療服務、
門診醫療服務及體檢服務） 的收益成本主要
包括藥品及醫療消耗品成本、員工成本、折
舊及攤銷、服務開支、水電費、租金開支和
其他成本。本集團醫院服務分部的收益成本
為人民幣 1,549.8百萬元 （二零二三年：人民
幣 1,554.8百萬元） ，按年計同比下降0.3%。
我們醫院服務分部的收益成本下降主要由
於我們所有自有醫院的營運減少以及藥品
及醫療耗材成本下降，惟部分被報告期內與
員工直接相關的成本及租賃開支的增加所
抵銷。與員工直接相關的成本增長反映了員
工挽留費用的持續壓力以及市場上合格專
業人員的短缺。此外，康心醫院於報告期內
的運營中毛利率持續為負。
Revenue from rehabilitation and other healthcare services amounted to RMB128.4 
million (2023: RMB141.2 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 9.1%, 
accounting for 6.2% (2023: 6.9%) of the total revenue of the Group. Revenue 
from rehabilitation and other healthcare services comprised (i) revenue from 
rehabilitation hospital and other healthcare services amounted to RMB54.4 
million (2023: RMB73.9 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 26.4% 
and (ii) revenue from rehabilitation centres services and other services (in 
particular our children rehabilitation operations) amounted to RMB74.1 million 
(2023: RMB67.4 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 10.0%. The 
decrease in revenue is mainly attributable to (i) the suspension of our hemophilia 
services at our rehabilitation hospitals due to regular inspection by the local 
government authority; (ii) recent reforms and policy implementation in payment 
rates adjustments as well as restrictions on annual social insurance payout 
quotas; and (iii) despite the increase in patient visits and revenue from our 
children rehabilitation centres operations.
Revenue from haemodialysis services amounted to RMB75.8 million (2023: 
nil), accounting for 3.7% (2023: nil) of the total revenue of the Group. The 
haemodialysis services segment was newly acquired by the Group in January 
2024 and is still operating at loss. The Board is optimistic that the haemodialysis 
services segment will be one of the key revenue drivers of the Group in the 
medium to long term.
Revenue from elderly healthcare services represented the provision of elderly 
healthcare services at Renkang Elderly Care Centre, which amounted to RMB12.9 
million (2023: RMB12.7 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 1.5%, 
accounting for 0.6% (2023: 0.6%) of the total revenue of the Group. The relatively 
stable revenue level is mainly attributable to the maturing business operation 
of Renkang Elderly Care Centre which is already operating at our maximum 
capacity.
Cost of Revenue
Cost of revenue of the Group’s hospital services segment (consisting of 
inpatient healthcare services, outpatient healthcare services and physical 
examination services) primarily consisted of cost of pharmaceuticals and medical 
consumables, staff cost, depreciation and amortisation, service expenses, utilities 
expenses, rental expenses and other costs. Cost of revenue of the Group’s 
hospital services segment amounted to RMB1,549.8 million (2023: RMB1,554.8 
million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.3%. The decrease in cost of 
revenue of our hospital services segment is mainly attributable to the decrease in 
operation in all of our self-owned hospitals with drop in cost of pharmaceuticals 
and medical consumables, however, partly offset by the increase in direct staff 
related costs and rental expenses during the Reporting Period. The rise in direct 
staff-related costs reflects ongoing pressure in staff retention expenses and a 
shortage of qualified professionals in the market. Additionally, Kangxin Hospital 
continued to operate at a negative gross margin during the Reporting Period.


===== PAGE 35 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
34
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
本集團的康復及其他醫療服務分部的收益
成本為人民幣 101.8百萬元 （二零二三年：人
民幣 114.4百萬元） ，按年計同比減少11.1%，
主要包括員工成本、醫療耗材、折舊、水電
費及租金開支。 員工成本為醫療專業人員 （包
括物理治療師、職業理療師、語言治療師及
參與患者護理的護理人員） 的工資及福利。
醫療耗材為與購買及維護康復設備 （例如跑
步機、舉重器及適應性設備） 相關的治療物
資及消耗品。我們的康復及醫療服務分部的
收益成本減少乃主要由於報告期間合肥金谷
醫院因血友病服務暫停而導致業務減少所致。
本集團血液透析服務分部的收益成本為人
民幣 74.3百萬元 （二零二三年：無） ，主要包
括員工成本、醫療耗材、折舊、水電費及租
金開支。直接員工成本包括與醫療專業人員
（例如腎臟科醫生、護士及提供透析治療的
技術人員） 的工資及福利相關的開支。醫療
耗材指醫療用品及與購買及維護透析機、導
管、過濾器及每次治療所需的其他耗材相關
的成本。設施管理費用 （例如水電費） 與透
析中心的營運成本 （包括租金、水電及設施
維護） 相關。其他成本為與輔助服務 （例如
實驗室測試以及清潔及廢棄物處理） 相關的
開支。
本集團老年醫療服務的收益成本指仁康護
理院直接運營成本人民幣 7.9百萬元 （二零
二三年：人民幣 8.2百萬元） ，按年計同比下
降 4.1%，主要包括服務成本，包括直接員工
成本、消耗品及該中心產生的餐費。收益成
本並無發生重大變動，乃由於該中心以高利
用率營運。
於報告期間，藥品成本、醫療耗材成本及員
工成本分別佔本集團總收益成本約 25.4%（二
零二三年： 26.6% ）、25.9%（二零二三年：
26.0% ）及34.3%（二零二三年： 33.0% ）。 於
報告期間，藥品及醫療耗材成本佔總收益成
本的比例錄得減少，這主要是由於醫院服務
分部業務減少。我們的總員工相關成本 （包
括薪金、花紅及其他福利） 較上一年度上升
7.4%。該增加乃主要由於報告期內 (i)薪金水
平、保留成本上升以及市場上專業醫務人員
短缺；及 (ii)收購康華血液透析集團的影響。
Cost of revenue of the Group’s rehabilitation and other healthcare services 
segment amounted to RMB101.8 million (2023: RMB114.4 million), representing 
a year-on-year decrease of 11.1%, and primarily consisted of staff costs, medical 
consumables, depreciation, utilities and rental expenses. Staff costs are 
salaries and benefits for healthcare professionals, including physical therapists, 
occupational therapists, speech therapists, and nursing staff involved in patient 
care. Medical consumables are therapeutic supplies associated with purchasing 
and maintaining rehabilitation equipment (e.g., treadmills, weights and adaptive 
devices) and consumable supplies. The decrease in the cost of revenue for 
our rehabilitation and healthcare services segment is primarily due to reduced 
operations at Hefei Jingu Hospital as a result of the suspension of hemophilia 
services during the Reporting Period.
Cost of revenue of the Group’s haemodialysis services segment amounts 
to RMB74.3 million (2023: nil) and primarily consisted of staff costs, medical 
consumables, depreciation, utilities and rental expenses. Direct staff costs include 
expenses related to the salaries and benefits of healthcare professionals, such as 
nephrologists, nurses, and technicians who provide dialysis treatments. Medical 
consumables refer to medical supplies and costs associated with the purchases 
and maintenance of dialysis machines, tubing, filters, and other consumables 
necessary for each treatment session. Facility overhead such as utility expenses 
relates to the operational costs of the dialysis centres, including rent, water and 
electricity and maintenance of the facility. Other costs are expenses related to 
ancillary services, such as lab tests and cleaning and waste treatment.
Cost of revenue of the Group’s elderly healthcare services represents direct 
operating costs at Renkang Elderly Care Centre, which amounted to RMB7.9 
million (2023: RMB8.2 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 
4.1%, which primarily consisted of cost of services including direct staff cost, 
consumables and cost of meals incurred at the centre. There were no significant 
changes in cost of revenue as the centre had been operating at high utilisation.
During the Reporting Period, costs of pharmaceuticals, costs of medical 
consumables and staff cost accounted for approximately 25.4% (2023: 26.6%), 
25.9% (2023: 26.0%) and 34.3% (2023: 33.0%), respectively, of the total cost of 
revenue of the Group. The proportion of cost of pharmaceuticals and medical 
consumables as percentage of total cost of revenue recorded a decrease during 
the Reporting period, which is mainly attributable to the decrease in operations 
of our hospital services segment. Our total staff-related costs, including salaries, 
bonuses, and other benefits, increased by 7.4% compared to the prior year. 
This increase is primarily attributable to (i) higher salary levels, retention costs, 
and a shortage of professional medical staff in the market; and (ii) the impact in 
acquisition of the Kanghua Haemodialysis Group during the Reporting Period.


===== PAGE 36 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
35
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
毛利及毛利率
本集團總毛利為人民幣321.9 百萬元 （二零
二三年：人民幣 364.4百萬元） ，按年計同比
下降11.7%。整體毛利率下降至15.7% （二零
二三年： 17.8%） ，主要原因是：(i)醫院服務
分部的收益減少； (ii)患者於住院及體檢服務
的平均開支減少； (iii)二零二四年一月收購
血液透析服務業務的影響；及 (iv)康心醫院
的財務表現有所惡化，仍以負毛利率運營。
其他收入
本集團的其他收入主要包括銀行及其他利
息收入、按公平值計入損益的金融資產的投
資收入、政府及其他補貼、固定經營租賃收
入 （租金收入） 、 臨床試驗及相關收入及其他。
於報告期間，其他收入為人民幣 53.5百萬元
（二零二三年：人民幣 46.3百萬元） ，按年計
同比增加約15.6%，主要是由於(i) 政府及其
他補貼增至人民幣 5.4百萬元 （二零二三年：
人民幣 2.3百萬元） ；(ii)臨床試驗及相關收入
增加至人民幣 19.5百萬元 （二零二三年：人
民幣 13.2百萬元） ；(iii)銀行及其他利息收入
增加至人民幣 6.0百萬元 （二零二三年：人民
幣 4.9百萬元） ；及(iv)經按公平值計入損益的
金融資產投資收入減少至人民幣 7.8百萬元
（二零二三年：人民幣 12.1百萬元） （主要指存
放於中國境內銀行的結構性存款的投資回報，
由報告期間的平均投資減少所致） 部分抵銷。
其他開支、收益及虧損淨額
本集團的其他開支、收益及虧損主要包括按
公平值計入損益的金融資產的公平值收益╱
（虧損） 、出售物業、廠房及設備的虧損、捐
款及匯兌收益╱ （虧損） 淨額。於報告期間，
其他開支、收益及虧損為虧損淨額人民幣 7.3
百萬元 （二零二三年：虧損淨額人民幣6,000
元） ，主要包括：(i)錄得與於投資基金權益
有關的按公平值計入損益的金融資產未變
現公平值虧損人民幣 9.4百萬元 （二零二三
年：公平值虧損人民幣 0.9百萬元） ；(ii)錄得
主要由我們的港元計值金融資產產生的匯
兌收益淨額人民幣 2.5百萬元 （二零二三年：
匯兌收益淨額人民幣 1.1百萬元） ；(iii)出售物
業、廠房及設備的虧損人民幣 0.4百萬元 （二
零二三年：虧損人民幣 0.2百萬元） ；及(iv)捐
款人民幣 0.09百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣
0.06百萬元） 。
Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
Total gross profit of the Group amounted to RMB321.9 million (2023: RMB364.4 
million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 11.7%. The overall gross profit 
margin declined to 15.7% (2023: 17.8%), primarily due to: (i) the decrease in 
revenue from our hospital services segment; (ii) the decrease in the average 
patient spending from our inpatient and physical examination services; (iii) the 
impact in acquisition of the haemodialysis services business in January 2024; 
and (iv) the deterioration in financial performance of Kangxin Hospital, which is 
still operating at a negative gross margin.
Other Income
The other income of the Group primarily consisted of bank and other interest 
income, investment income from financial assets at FVTPL, government and other 
subsidies, fixed operating lease income (rental income), clinical trial and related 
income and others. During the Reporting Period, other income amounted to 
RMB53.5 million (2023: RMB46.3 million), representing a year-on-year increase 
of approximately 15.6%, primarily due to (i) increase in government and other 
subsidies to RMB5.4 million (2023: RMB2.3 million); (ii) increase in clinical trial 
and related income to RMB19.5 million (2023: RMB13.2 million); (iii) increase in 
bank and other interest income to RMB6.0 million (2023: RMB4.9 million); and (iv) 
partially offset by a decrease in investment income from financial assets at FVTPL 
to RMB7.8 million (2023: RMB12.1 million), which mainly represented investment 
return from structured deposits with banks in the PRC, caused by the decrease in 
average investment being placed during the Reporting Period.
Other Expenses, Gains and Losses, net
The other expenses, gains and losses of the Group primarily consisted of fair 
value gain/(loss) on financial assets at FVTPL, loss on disposals of property, plant 
and equipment, donations and net exchange gain/(loss). During the Reporting 
Period, other expenses, gains and losses amounted to a net loss of RMB7.3 
million (2023: net loss of RMB6,000), which primarily comprised of (i) a recorded 
unrealised fair value loss on financial assets at FVTPL of RMB9.4 million (2023: 
fair value loss of RMB0.9 million) in relation to our interest in an investment 
fund; (ii) a recorded net exchange gain of RMB2.5 million (2023: net exchange 
gain of RMB1.1 million) mainly arising from our Hong Kong dollar denominated 
financial assets; (iii) loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment amounted 
to RMB0.4 million (2023: loss of RMB0.2 million); and (iv) donations made of 
RMB0.09 million (2023: RMB0.06 million).


===== PAGE 37 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
36
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
預期信貸虧損模式項下之減值虧損撥備
淨額
於報告期間，預期信貸虧損模式項下之減值
虧損錄得撥備淨額人民幣 4.3百萬元 （二零
二三年：人民幣 2.8百萬元） 。報告期間撥備
淨額主要由於 (i)報告期間末應收賬款及其他
應收款項的整體結餘增加 （收購康華血液透
析集團的影響） ；及(ii)本集團應收賬款的賬
齡增加、部分企業客戶信用等級下降及患者
未償還債務。於過往年度，本集團加大力度
收回逾期債務，包括透過法律行動收回應收
患者款項， 以及收緊對企業客戶的信貸審查。
本集團就應收賬款及其他應收款項共同評
估預期信貸虧損，惟中國政府社會保險計劃
及若干獨立評估預期信貸虧損的信貸減值
債務人的應收賬款除外。撥備率以內部信貸
評級為基礎，作為具有類似虧損模式的各類
應收款項的分組。共同評估以本集團的歷史
違約率為基礎，並考慮合理且無需不必要的
成本或努力即可獲得之前瞻性資料而作出。
在各報告日期，重新評估歷史可觀察的違約
率，並考慮前瞻性資料的變動。
本集團管理層密切監察應收賬款及其他應
收款項的信貸質素，並認為無逾期亦無減值
的債項具有良好的信貸質素。無逾期亦無減
值的應收款項與眾多並無違約紀錄的客戶
及債務人有關。作為本集團信貸風險管理的
一部分，本集團使用應收款項的賬齡評估其
應收款項的減值情況，惟中國政府的社會保
險計劃及若干獨立評估預期信貸虧損的信
用減值債務人的應收賬款除外。該等應收賬
款由大量具有共同風險特徵的小病患組成，
該等病患代表病患按照合約條款支付所有
應付金額的能力。
Net Provision of Impairment Losses under Expected Credit Loss (ECL) 
Model
During the Reporting Period, impairment losses under expected credit loss 
model recorded a net provision of RMB4.3 million (2023: RMB2.8 million). The 
net provision for the Reporting Period was mainly attributable to (i) an increase in 
the overall balance of accounts and other receivables at the end of the Reporting 
Period (with the effects of acquisition of the Kanghua Haemodialysis Group); and 
(ii) increases in the Group’s accounts receivable aging and deterioration in credit 
rating of certain corporate customers and outstanding debts from patients. In the 
past years, the Group has increased its efforts to recover overdue debts, including 
recovering receivables from patients through legal actions, as well as tightening 
credit reviews given to corporate customers.
The Group collectively assesses ECL for the accounts and other receivables, 
except for accounts receivable from the PRC government’s social insurance 
scheme and certain credit impaired debtors which are assessed for ECL 
individually. The provision rates are based on internal credit ratings as groupings 
of various receivables that have similar loss patterns. The collective assessment 
is based on the Group’s historical default rates taking into consideration forward-
looking information that is reasonable and available without undue costs or effort. 
At every reporting date, the historically observed default rates are reassessed 
and changes in the forward-looking information are considered.
The management of the Group closely monitors the credit quality of accounts 
and other receivables and considers the debts that are neither past due nor 
impaired to be of a good credit quality. Receivables that were neither past due 
nor impaired related to the customers and debtors for whom there was no 
history of default. As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group 
uses receivables’ ageing to assess the impairment for its receivables except 
for accounts receivable from the PRC government’s social insurance schemes 
and certain credit impaired debtors of which ECL are assessed individually. 
These receivables consist of a large number of small patients with common risk 
characteristics that are representative of the patients’ abilities to pay all amounts 
due in accordance with the contractual terms.


===== PAGE 38 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
37
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
行政開支
本集團的行政開支主要包括員工成本、維
修及保養開支、辦公室開支、折舊及攤銷、
租金開支、水電開支、交際及交通開支以及
其他開支。於報告期間，行政開支為人民幣
277.1 百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣242.4 百
萬元） ，按年計同比增加約14.3%，主要由於
(i)主要因一般薪金水平上升以及二零二四年
一月收購血液透析服務業務的影響，行政
人員相關成本增加至人民幣 99.5百萬元 （二
零二三年：人民幣84.1 百萬元） ，按年計同
比增加約 18.2%；(ii)租賃開支及物業管理開
支增加至人民幣 26.6百萬元 （二零二三年：
人民幣23.4 百萬元） ，按年計同比增加約
13.4%； (iii) 維修及保養開支以及其他主要行
政開支 （包括辦公室開支及交際及交通開支）
增加；(iv) 醫療糾紛索償開支撥備增加；及 (v)
管理及諮詢費減少。
融資成本
報告期間的融資成本為人民幣 23.6百萬元 （二
零二三年：人民幣12.1 百萬元） ，按年計同
比增加 96.0%。報告期間融資成本指 (i)銀行
貸款利息人民幣 9.6百萬元 （二零二三年：人
民幣 14.6百萬元） ，減少主要由於本集團其
中一筆主要銀行貸款於報告期間已全數償
還 （部分還款由本公司直接控股公司康華集
團的計息墊款取代） ；(ii)來自康華集團的其
他貸款利息人民幣 3.1百萬元 （二零二三年：
無） （康華集團的墊款於報告期間悉數清償） ；
(iii)與自損益扣除的租賃負債相關的利息要
素人民幣 7.2百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣7.5
百萬元） ；(iv) 其他財務支出人民幣11.7 百萬
元 （二零二三年：人民幣2.6百萬元） ，增加
主要由於報告期內一次性計入損益的餘下
未攤銷銀行安排費用，以及全數償還銀行貸
款；及 (v)減於合資格資產成本人民幣 7.9百
萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣12.8百萬元） 內資
本化的利息金額。
Administrative Expenses
The administrative expenses of the Group primarily consisted of staff costs, repairs 
and maintenance expenses, office expenses, depreciation and amortisation, 
rental expenses, utilities expenses, entertainment and travelling expenses and 
other expenses. Administrative expenses for the Reporting Period amounted to 
RMB277.1 million (2023: RMB242.4 million), representing a year-on-year increase 
of approximately 14.3%, primarily due to (i) the increase in administrative staff 
related costs to RMB99.5 million (2023: RMB84.1 million), representing a year-on-
year increase of approximately 18.2%, primarily due to rise in general salary level 
and the impact in acquisition of the haemodialysis services business in January 
2024; (ii) the increase in rental expenses and property management expenses to 
RMB26.6 million (2023: RMB23.4 million), representing a year-on-year increase 
of approximately 13.4%; (iii) the increase in repair and maintenance expenses 
as well as other major administrative expenses including office expenses and 
entertainment and travelling expenses; (iv) increase in provision for medical 
dispute claims expense; and (v) decrease in management and consultancy fees.
Finance Costs
Finance costs for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB23.6 million (2023: 
RMB12.1 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 96.0%. Finance costs for 
the Reporting Period represents (i) interest on bank loans of RMB9.6 million (2023: 
RMB14.6 million), the decrease is mainly due to one of the Group’s major bank 
loans was repaid in full during the Reporting Period (part of the repayment was 
replaced by an interest-bearing advance from the Company’s immediate holding 
company, Kanghua Group); (ii) interest on other loan from Kanghua Group of 
RMB3.1 million (2023: nil) (the advance from Kanghua Group was fully repaid 
during the Reporting Period); (iii) the interest element relating to lease liabilities 
charged to profit or loss of RMB7.2 million (2023: RMB7.5 million); (iv) other 
finance charges of RMB11.7 million (2023: RMB2.6 million), the increase is mainly 
due to the remaining unamortised bank arrangement fee that was charged to 
profit or loss on a one-off basis during the Reporting Period together with the full 
repayment of the bank loan; and (v) less amount of interest capitalised in the cost 
of qualifying assets of RMB7.9 million (2023: RMB12.8 million).


===== PAGE 39 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
38
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
所得稅開支
本集團的所得稅開支主要包括中國企業所
得稅及香港利得稅。於報告期間，所得稅開
支為人民幣 52.6百萬元 （二零二三年：人民
幣 62.4百萬元） ，按年計同比減少約15.7%。
本集團於中國之附屬公司一般須就其應課
稅所得收入按 25%之所得稅稅率繳納稅項。
本集團於中國的若干附屬公司被視為 「小微
企業」 ，因此，將於報告期間享有5.0%（二
零二三年： 5.0%） 的優惠所得稅率。我們於
報告期間的實際稅率為 83.4%（二零二三年：
40.0%） 。所得稅開支減少主要由於報告期
間康華醫院所產生溢利減少。
年內溢利
本集團於報告期間錄得溢利人民幣 10.5百萬
元 （二零二三年：人民幣91.0百萬元） ，及本
公司股東應佔溢利為人民幣 15.3百萬元 （二
零二三年：人民幣 121.1百萬元） 。
Income Tax Expenses
The income tax expenses of the Group primarily consisted of PRC enterprise 
income tax and Hong Kong Profits Tax. Income tax expenses for the Reporting 
Period amounted to RMB52.6 million (2023: RMB62.4 million), representing a 
year-on-year decrease of approximately 15.7%. The subsidiaries of the Group 
in the PRC are generally subject to income tax rate of 25% on their respective 
taxable income. Certain subsidiaries of the Group in the PRC are regarded as 
“small and micro enterprises” and, accordingly, were entitled to a preferential 
income tax rate of 5.0% (2023: 5.0%) during the Reporting Period. Our effective 
tax rate for the Reporting Period is 83.4% (2023: 40.0%). The decrease in income 
tax expenses was primarily due the decrease in profits generated at Kanghua 
Hospital during the Reporting Period.
Profit for the Year
The Group recorded profit for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB10.5 million 
(2023: RMB91.0 million), and profit attributable to shareholders of the Company 
amounted to RMB15.3 million (2023: RMB121.1 million).


===== PAGE 40 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
39
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
經調整 EBITDA
報告期間溢利為本集團的主要業績指標，反
映本集團基於國際財務報告準則的整體業績，
並已於本報告的管理層討論中予以討論。有
關經調整 EBITDA的相關披露旨在為投資者提
供額外的計量以消除管理層認為不能反映
本集團核心運營的影響，從而了解本集團的
核心經營業績。
下表載列除稅前溢利與經調整 EBITDA的對賬
及解釋說明：
Adjusted EBITDA
The profit for the Reporting Period is the primary performance indicator of the 
Group, which reflects the totality of the Group’s performance based on IFRS and 
has been discussed in the management discussion in this report. The relevant 
disclosures on Adjusted EBITDA are intended to provide an additional measure 
for investors to understand the Group’s core operating performance based on 
elimination of impact that the management considers is not reflective of the core 
operations of the Group.
The following table sets out the reconciliation from profit before taxation to 
Adjusted EBITDA and explanation notes:
For the year ended 31 December
截至十二月三十一日止年度
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
Notes RMB’000 RMB’000
附註 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Profit for the year 年內溢利 10,473 91,023
Add: Income tax expenses 加：所得稅開支 52,582 62,406
Profit before taxation (IFRS measure) 除稅前溢利 （國際財務報告
準則計量） 63,055 153,429
Add: Finance costs 加：融資成本 (i) 23,627 12,055
Add: Depreciation of right-of-use assets 加：使用權資產折舊 (i) 43,172 36,165
Add: Depreciation of property, plant and 
equipment
加：物業、廠房及設備折舊
(i) 106,683 106,914
EBITDA (non-IFRS measure) EBITDA（非國際財務報告準則計量） 236,537 308,563
Add: Fair value loss on financial assets at 
FVTPL
加：按公平值計入損益的金融資產
公平值虧損 (ii) 9,400 882
Less: Investment income from financial 
assets at FVTPL
減：按公平值計入損益的金融資產
投資收入 (iii) (7,797) (12,092)
Less: Exchange gain 減：匯兌收益 (iv) (2,504) (1,126)
Less: Bank and other interest income 減：銀行及其他利息收入 (v) (6,000) (4,918)
Adjusted EBITDA (non-IFRS measure) 經調整 EBITDA（非國際財務報告  
準則計量） 229,636 291,309


===== PAGE 41 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
40
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
附註：
(i) EBITDA （指稅息折舊及攤銷前利潤） 乃財務
資料使用者透過剔除稅項、債務成本 （融資
成本） 以及使用權資產及物業、廠房及設備
之非現金折舊之影響，以了解本集團運營
所產生現金溢利的額外工具。 EBITDA亦可
指透過消除非營運管理決策的影響 （例如稅
項開支、利息開支及折舊） 的營運管理決策
的財務結果，並可評估本集團在扣除取決
於融資決策、稅務策略及酌情折舊時間表
的開支後的實質盈利能力。
(ii) 按公平值計入損益的金融資產公平值虧損╱  
（收益） 指本集團持有的投資公平值變動。
作為本集團藉以管理超額現金的其中一項
現金管理政策，本集團在不影響業務營運
或資本支出的前提下，向金融機構購買投
資產品或投資基金，以獲取更高的利息收
入。本集團持有的此類投資產品或投資基
金並不構成本集團核心業務運營的一部分，
並受公平值不時變動及於綜合損益表確認
的公平值收益或虧損之規限。董事認為，
與投資有關的該等收益或虧損並未反映本
集團的日常業務運營，並撇除該等收益或
虧損將使財務資料使用者更了解本集團的
核心經營業績。
(iii) 按公平值計入損益的金融資產投資收入指
本集團所賺取的投資收入，主要包括本集
團所購買的結構性銀行存款的利息收入。
作為本集團藉以管理超額現金的其中一項
現金管理政策，本集團在不影響業務營運
或資本支出的前提下，向金融機構購買投
資產品，以獲取更高的利息收入。該等結
構性銀行存款並不構成本集團核心業務運
營的一部分。董事認為，與結構性銀行存
款有關的收入並未反映本集團的日常業務
運營，並撇除該等收入將使財務資料使用
者更了解本集團的核心經營業績。
(iv) 匯兌 （收益） ╱虧損指匯率變動主要對本集
團以港元計值的定期銀行存款的財務影響。
除定期銀行存款外，本集團並無其他重大
外幣計值的金融資產及負債。董事認為，
與定期銀行存款有關的該等匯兌收益或虧
損並未反映本集團的日常業務運營，並撇
除匯兌收益或虧損將使財務資料使用者更
了解本集團的核心經營業績。
(v) 銀行及其他利息收入主要指銀行存款從儲
蓄賬戶獲得的利息收入。董事認為，該等
利息收入並未反映本集團的日常業務運營，
並撇除該等利息收入將使財務資料使用者
更了解本集團的核心經營業績。
Notes:
(i) EBITDA (represents earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) is 
an additional tool for users of the financial information to understand the cash profit 
generated by the Group’s operations, by eliminating the impact of taxes, cost of 
debts (finance costs) and non-cash depreciation of right-of-use assets and property, 
plant and equipment. EBITDA can also represent the financial outcome of operating 
management decisions by eliminating the impact of non-operating management 
decisions, such as tax expenses, interest expenses and depreciation, and enables 
to assess the substantive profitability of the Group net of expenses dependent on 
financing decisions, tax strategy, and discretionary depreciation schedules.
(ii) Fair value loss/(gain) on financial assets at FVTPL represents fair value changes of 
investments held by the Group. As part of the Group’s cash management policy 
to manage excess cash, the Group purchased investment products from financial 
institutions or invest into funds to achieve higher interest income without interfering 
with the business operations or capital expenditures. Such investment products or 
investment funds held by the Group does not form part of the Group’s core business 
operations and subject to fair value changes from time to time with fair value gains 
or losses recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. In the opinion 
of the Directors, such gains or losses associated with the investment is not reflective 
of the daily business operations of the Group, and removal of such gains or losses 
would enable the users of the financial information to better understand the core 
operating performance of the Group.
(iii) Investment income from financial assets at FVTPL represents investment income 
earned by the Group which primarily includes interest income from structured bank 
deposits purchased by the Group. As part of the Group’s cash management policy 
to manage excess cash, the Group purchased investment products from financial 
institutions to achieve higher interest income without interfering with the business 
operations or capital expenditures. Such structured bank deposits do not form part 
of the Group’s core business operations. In the opinion of the Directors, the income 
associated with the structured bank deposits is not reflective of the daily business 
operations of the Group, and the removal of such income would enable the users of 
the financial information to better understand the core operating performance of the 
Group.
(iv) Exchange (gain)/loss represents the financial impact in movements of exchange 
rates primarily on the Group’s fixed bank deposits which is denominated in Hong 
Kong dollars. Other than the fixed bank deposits, the Group does not have other 
significant foreign currency denominated financial assets and liabilities. In the opinion 
of the Directors, such exchange gains or losses associated with fixed bank deposits 
are not reflective of the daily business operations of the Group, and the removal 
exchange gains or losses would enable the users of the financial information to 
better understand the core operating performance of the Group.
(v) Bank and other interest income primarily represents interest income from bank 
deposits from the savings accounts. In the opinion of the Directors, such interest 
income is not reflective of the daily business operations of the Group, and the 
removal of such interest income would enable the users of the financial information 
to better understand the core operating performance of the Group.


===== PAGE 42 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
41
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
財務狀況
物業、廠房及設備、使用權資產以及就
收購物業、廠房及設備支付的按金
於報告期間，本集團購買物業、廠房及設備
以及就在建工程產生支出分別為人民幣 60.4
百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣38.5 百萬元）
及人民幣 48.4百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣
111.1百萬元） ，主要用於(i)升級及擴大我們醫
院營運、康復服務營運及血液透析門診中心
的服務能力； (ii)我們康心醫院二期醫療設施
產生的建設成本；及 (iii)康華 • 清溪分院的建
設發展。
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，本集團的使
用權資產為人民幣 280.1百萬元 （二零二三年：
人民幣 284.3百萬元） ，包括租賃土地人民幣
212.0百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣216.7百萬
元） 及根據國際財務報告準則第16號確認與
租賃有關的租賃土地及樓宇人民幣 68.2百萬
元 （二零二三年：人民幣67.6百萬元） 。於報
告期間，本集團訂立新租賃協議，以在中國
使用物業介乎兩至五年及須按月支付固定
費用。於租賃開始時，本集團於報告期間就
該等新租賃各自確認使用權資產及租賃負
債人民幣 2.8百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣0.5
百萬元） 。
於報告期內，本集團因收購附屬公司而確認
新增物業、廠房及設備人民幣 30.9百萬元。
於收購日期，本集團亦確認新增使用權資產
人民幣 36.1百萬元及就剩餘租期介乎 1至 13
年的中國物業確認新增租賃負債人民幣 36.1
百萬元。
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，本集團就購
買物業、廠房及設備支付按金人民幣 29.5百
萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣36.2百萬元） 。按
金主要指就康心醫院醫療設備二期的建築
成本之已付按金及購買新的醫療設備及其
他新設施支付的款項，是由於本集團繼續升
級醫療設施並擴充經營能力。
FINANCIAL POSITION
Property, Plant and Equipment, Rights-of-Use Assets and Deposits Paid 
for Acquisition of Property, Plant and Equipment
During the Reporting Period, the Group acquired property, plant and equipment 
and incurred expenditure on construction in progress of RMB60.4 million (2023: 
RMB38.5 million) and RMB48.4 million (2023: RMB111.1 million), respectively, 
mainly for the purpose of (i) upgrading and expanding the service capacity of 
our hospital operations, rehabilitation service operations and haemodialysis 
outpatient centres; (ii) construction cost incurred at Phase II medical facility at 
our Kangxin Hospital; and (iii) construction for the development of our Kanghua 
Qingxi Healthcare Complex.
At 31 December 2024, the Group has right-of-use assets of RMB280.1 million 
(2023: RMB284.3 million) which includes leasehold lands of RMB212.0 million 
(2023: RMB216.7 million) and leasehold land and buildings relating to leases 
of RMB68.2 million (2023: RMB67.6 million) recognised in accordance with IFRS 
16. During the Reporting Period, the Group entered into new lease agreements 
for the use of properties in the PRC ranging from 2 to 5 years and is required to 
make fixed monthly payments. On lease commencement, the Group recognised 
right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of RMB2.8 million (2023: RMB0.5 million) 
relating to each of those new leases during the Reporting Period.
During the Reporting Period, the Group recognized an addition of RMB30.9 
million in property, plant, and equipment due to the acquisition of subsidiaries. 
On the acquisition date, the Group also recognised an addition of RMB36.1 million 
in right-of-use assets and RMB36.1 million in lease liabilities for properties in the 
PRC, with remaining lease terms ranging from 1 to 13 years.
At 31 December 2024, the Group has deposits paid for acquisition of property, 
plant and equipment amounting to RMB29.5 million (2023: RMB36.2 million). The 
deposits mainly represent deposits paid for construction cost of Phase II medical 
facility at our Kangxin Hospital and amount paid for acquisition of new medical 
equipment and other new facilities as the Group continues to upgrade its medical 
facilities and expand its operation capacity.


===== PAGE 43 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
42
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
其他資產
其他資產指本集團根據二零二二年與銀山資
本有限公司 （ 「銀山資本 」 ） 訂立的管理安排
（「管理安排 」 ） 為促使銀山資本向康心醫院引
入「Artemed」 品牌而支付的品牌引入費。管
理安排的詳情載於本公司日期為二零二二年
五月二十三日的公告。根據管理安排，銀山
資本應提供一系列服務，以改善及優化康心
醫院的營運， 包括將德國醫療集團 「Artemed」
引入康心醫院以參與日常管理及營運、海外
及國內資源、研究能力、臨床成果轉化、政
策創新、與醫學院校合作、重點學科建設、
醫療信息學、醫療支付系統、質量控制、專
家協作及成本控制。 「Artemed」 許可證持有
人已授予康心醫院在中國內地使用 Artemed
品牌的非獨家權利。於二零二四年十二月
三十一日，其他資產人民幣 17.4百萬元已重
新分類及計入分類為持作出售資產。
應收賬款及其他應收款項
本集團的應收賬款主要包括應收社保基金、
若干公司客戶和個人病人的結餘。於二零
二四年十二月三十一日，應收賬款為人民幣
265.6百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣256.7百
萬元） ，其中66.2%（二零二三年： 68.8%）的
賬齡為 90天內。本年度平均應收賬款周轉
天數為 46.4天 （二零二三年：43.5天） 。應收
賬款及應收賬款周轉天數增加主要是由於
應收社保基金、其他政府機構及若干公司客
戶的結餘增加，以及受到二零二四年一月收
購血液透析服務業務的影響。於二零二四年
十二月三十一日，本集團對其應收賬款進行
信貸評估及減值虧損撥備淨額人民幣 4.3百
萬元 （二零二三年：減值虧損人民幣2.8百萬
元） 已於報告期間自損益扣除。
Other Asset
Other asset represented a brand introduction fee paid by the Group to procure 
the introduction of the “Artemed” brand by Silver Mountain Capital Limited (“Silver 
Mountain”) to Kangxin Hospital under a management arrangement with Silver 
Mountain in 2022 (“Management Arrangements”). Details of the Management 
Arrangements are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 23 May 2022. 
Pursuant to the Management Arrangements, Silver Mountain shall provide a 
series of services with a view to improving and optimising the operations of 
Kangxin Hospital including the introduction of a German medical group “Artemed” 
to Kangxin Hospital to participate in daily management and operations, 
overseas and domestic resources, research capabilities, clinical achievement 
transformation, policy innovation, cooperation with medical colleges, key scientific 
construction, medical informatics, medical payment system, quality control, expert 
collaboration and cost control. The “Artemed” license holder has granted Kangxin 
Hospital for a non-exclusive right to use Artemed brand in Mainland China. As at 
31 December 2024, other asset of RMB17.4 million has been reclassified to and 
included in assets classified as held for sale.
Accounts and Other Receivables
The account receivables of the Group primarily consisted of balances due from 
social insurance funds, certain corporate customers and individual patients. 
As at 31 December 2024, accounts receivables amounted to RMB265.6 million 
(2023: RMB256.7 million), of which 66.2% (2023: 68.8%) were aged within 90 
days. Average accounts receivables turnover days for the current year is 46.4 
days (2023: 43.5 days). The increase in accounts receivables and accounts 
receivable turnover days was primarily due to the increase in balance due from 
social insurance funds and other government authorities, and certain corporate 
customers, as well as impact in acquisition of the haemodialysis services 
business in January 2024. As at 31 December 2024, the Group has carried out 
credit assessment on its accounts receivables and a net provision of impairment 
loss of RMB4.3 million (2023: impairment loss of RMB2.8 million) has been 
charged to profit or loss during the Reporting Period.


===== PAGE 44 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
43
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
本集團的其他應收款項主要包括對供應商的
預付款及其他。於二零二四年十二月三十一
日，其他應收款項總額為人民幣 46.9百萬元
（二零二三年：人民幣 45.5百萬元） ，且主要
包括：(i) 對供應商的預付款為人民幣 11.3百
萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣8.6百萬元） ；(ii)
其他應收款項 （包括向其他非貿易供應商的
預付款項、保證金及其他預付開支） 及其他
為人民幣 37.9百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣
39.3百萬元） ，部分被預期信貸虧損撥備淨
額人民幣 2.2百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣2.4
百萬元） 抵銷。
分類為持作出售的出售集團
於二零二四年十二月二十日，董事會議決向
銀山資本或其聯屬公司出售康心醫院的 55%
股權。隨著康心醫院根據中國法律完成分
立，據此成立本公司全資附屬公司重慶康華
眾聯醫療管理有限公司 （ 「重慶康華物業 」），
以持有康心醫院經營相關的土地及樓宇，且
該等土地及樓宇已轉讓予重慶康華物業，因
此康心醫院已處於可即時出售的狀態。康心
醫院的資產及負債已於二零二四年十二月
三十一日的綜合財務狀況表中單獨呈列。
於二零二五年一月九日，本公司與獨立第三
方北京鉑頌健康管理有限公司 （ 「鉑頌健康」，
於中國成立的公司及受銀山資本的共同控制）
就出售康心醫院 55%股權訂立買賣協議，代
價為人民幣 34.9百萬元。出售事項其後於二
零二五年二月八日完成。
The other receivables of the Group primarily consisted of prepayments 
to suppliers and others. As at 31 December 2024, total other receivables 
amounted to RMB46.9 million (2023: RMB45.5 million) and primarily comprised 
(i) prepayments to suppliers of RMB11.3 million (2023: RMB8.6 million); (ii) other 
receivables comprising prepayments to other non-trade suppliers, security 
deposits and other prepaid expenses and others amounted to RMB37.9 million 
(2023: RMB39.3 million), which is offset by a net provision expected for credit loss 
of RMB2.2 million (2023: RMB2.4 million).
Disposal Group Classified as Held for Sale
On 20 December 2024, the Board resolved to dispose of 55% equity interest of 
Kangxin Hospital to Silver Mountain or its affiliates. As the demerger of Kangxin 
Hospital conducted under PRC laws, pursuant to which Chongqing Kanghua 
Zhonglian Healthcare Management Co., Ltd.* (“Chongqing Kanghua Property”), a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, has been established to hold the land 
and buildings underlying the operations of Kangxin Hospital, was completed 
and the land and buildings were transferred to Chongqing Kanghua Property, 
Kangxin Hospital was in a condition ready for immediate sale. The assets and 
liabilities of Kangxin Hospital have been presented separately in the consolidated 
statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024. 
On 9 January 2025, the Company entered into a sale and purchase agreement 
with an independent third-party, Beijing Pantheon Health Management Co., Ltd.* 
(“Pantheon Health”), a company established in the PRC and is under common 
control with Silver Mountain, for the disposal of 55% equity interest in Kangxin 
Hospital at a consideration of RMB34.9 million. The disposal was later completed 
on 8 February 2025.


===== PAGE 45 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
44
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
應付賬款及其他應付款項以及撥備
本集團的應付賬款及其他應付款項以及撥
備主要包括應付賬款、 應計開支、 預收款項、
收購物業、廠房及設備應付款項、醫療糾紛
索賠撥備、其他應付稅項及其他。於二零
二四年十二月三十一日，應付賬款及其他應
付款項以及撥備增加至人民幣 758.8百萬元
（二零二三年：人民幣 660.3百萬元） ，主要
由於：(i) 應付賬款增加至人民幣357.9 百萬
元 （二零二三年：人民幣317.3 百萬元） ，主
要由於二零二四年一月收購血液透析服務
業務；(ii) 應計開支減少至人民幣 90.5百萬元
（二零二三年：人民幣 96.1百萬元） ；(iii)預收
款項增加至人民幣 250.0百萬元 （二零二三
年：人民幣 197.5百萬元） ，主要指自社保基
金獲得的臨時資金；及(iv) 收購物業、廠房
及設備應付款項增加至人民幣26.3 百萬元
（二零二三年：人民幣 20.6百萬元） ；及(v)醫
療糾紛申索撥備增加至人民幣 2.9百萬元 （二
零二三年：人民幣 1.2百萬元） ，包括報告期
間淨撥備人民幣 7.5百萬元 （二零二三年：人
民幣 3.1百萬元） 。
流動資產淨值及資產淨值
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，本集團錄得
流動資產淨值及淨資產狀況分別為人民幣
236.9百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣328.8百
萬元） 及人民幣1,462.3百萬元 （二零二三年：
人民幣 1,497.5百萬元） 。
Accounts and Other Payables and Provisions
The accounts and other payables and provisions of the Group primarily consisted 
of accounts payables, accrued expenses, receipt in advance, payables for 
acquisition of property, plant and equipment, provision for medical dispute 
claims, other tax payables and others. As at 31 December 2024, accounts 
and other payables and provisions increased to RMB758.8 million (2023: 
RMB660.3 million) primarily attributable to: (i) an increase in accounts payable 
to RMB357.9 million (2023: RMB317.3 million), mainly due to the acquisition of 
the haemodialysis services business in January 2024; (ii) a decrease of accrued 
expenses to RMB90.5 million (2023: RMB96.1 million); (iii) an increase in receipt in 
advance to RMB250.0 million (2023: RMB197.5 million) which mainly represents 
temporary funds received from social insurance fund; and (iv) an increase in 
payables for acquisition of property, plant and equipment to RMB26.3 million 
(2023: RMB20.6 million); and (v) an increase in provision for medical dispute 
claims to RMB2.9 million (2023: RMB1.2 million), comprising a net provision for the 
Reporting Period of RMB7.5 million (2023: RMB3.1 million).
Net Current Assets and Net Assets
As at 31 December 2024, the Group recorded net current assets of RMB236.9 
million (2023: RMB328.8 million) and net assets position of RMB1,462.3 million 
(2023: RMB1,497.5 million).


===== PAGE 46 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
45
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
流動資金及資本資源
財務資源
本集團繼續維持強勁的財務狀況，二零二四
年十二月三十一日現金及現金等價物為人民
幣 242.6百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣305.2
百萬元） 及固定銀行存款為人民幣65.8百萬
元 （二零二三年：人民幣63.4百萬元） 。本集
團繼續從經營活動產生穩定的現金流入，加
上足夠的現金及銀行結餘， 本公司董事認為，
本集團將有足夠和充足的流動資金及財務
資源，以滿足本集團於報告期間結束後至少
未來十二個月的營運資金需求。
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，作為本集團
現金管理活動的一部分，本集團作出投資
（分類為按公平值計入損益的金融資產） 合
共人民幣 394.0百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣
383.4百萬元） ，主要包括：(i)基金投資人民
幣 24.0百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣33.4百
萬元） 。於二零二一年，本集團與兩名獨立
第三方就設立基金 （即廣東鉑頌康華股權投
資合夥企業 （有限合夥） ，一家根據中國法
律成立的有限合夥企業） 訂立合夥協議。基
金目的是根據中國法律、商業登記項下的經
營範圍及合夥協議所允許的投資、投資管理
及其他活動，實現投資回報及資本增值。在
適用法律准許的範圍內，基金將主要投資於
醫療服務、生物科技、醫療器械及醫療信息
學等領域。基金的初始期限為七年。於二零
二四年十二月三十一日，基金已對兩間 （二
零二三年：兩間） 未上市公司作出股權投資，
且股權投資賬面總值為人民幣 24.0百萬元 （二
零二三年：人民幣 33.4百萬元） 並按公平值
計量。於報告期間，本集團確認有關基金投
資的公平值虧損人民幣 9.4百萬元 （二零二三
年：無） ；及(iii)結構性短期銀行存款人民幣
370.0百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣350.0百
萬元） ，指由一家中國商業銀行發行的低風
險結構性投資產品以賺取可變投資回報。大
部份該等結構性存款的到期日少於六個月，
本金一般於到期時重續。
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
Financial Resources
The Group continued to maintain a strong financial position with cash and 
cash equivalents of RMB242.6 million (2023: RMB305.2 million) and fixed bank 
deposits of RMB65.8 million (2023: RMB63.4 million) as at 31 December 2024. The 
Group continues to generate steady cash inflow from operations and coupled 
with sufficient cash and bank balances, in the opinion of the directors of the 
Company, the Group will have adequate and sufficient liquidity and financial 
resources to meet the working capital requirement of the Group for at least the 
next twelve months following the end of the Reporting Period.
As at 31 December 2024, as part of the Group’s cash management activities, 
the Group had investments (classified as financial assets at FVTPL) in aggregate 
of RMB394.0 million (2023: RMB383.4 million), primarily consisting of, (i) a fund 
investment of RMB24.0 million (2023: RMB33.4 million). In 2021, the Group 
entered into a partnership agreement with two independent third parties for the 
establishment of a fund, namely, Guangdong Bosong Kanghua Equity Investment 
Partnership, L.P.), a limited partnership established under the laws of the PRC. 
The purpose of the fund is to achieve investment returns and capital appreciation 
through carrying out investment, investment management and other activities 
in accordance with PRC laws, business scope under business registration, and 
the partnership agreement. To the extent permitted by the applicable laws, the 
fund will invest primarily in the fields of medical services, biotechnology, medical 
equipment, and medical informatics. The initial term of the fund shall be seven 
years. As at 31 December 2024, the fund had made equity investments in two 
(2023: two) unlisted companies and the aggregate carrying amounts of the equity 
investments was RMB24.0 million (2023: RMB33.4 million), which were measured 
at fair values. During the Reporting Period, the Group recognised a fair value 
loss of RMB9.4 million (2023: nil) in relation to fund investment; and (iii) structured 
short-term bank deposits of RMB370.0 million (2023: RMB350.0 million), 
representing low-risk structured investment products issued by commercial banks 
in the PRC for variable investment returns. Majority of these structured deposits 
are with maturities of less than six months and the principal is generally renewed 
when matured.


===== PAGE 47 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
46
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
作為本集團藉以管理超額現金的其中一項
現金管理政策，本集團在不影響正常業務運
作或資本支出的前提下，向金融機構購買理
財投資產品，以獲取更高的利息收益。本集
團在制定相關投資決策時，會謹慎衡量投資
產品的風險與收益。本集團高級管理層亦密
切參與本集團有關購買投資產品的一切相
關決策。投資產品須符合以下幾項標準，包
括 (i)其收益週期一般不超過一年； (ii)其將不
涉及本集團的正常業務運作或資本支出； (iii)
其應由與本集團有長期合作關係 （一般超過
5年） 及具有良好信譽的銀行發行；及(iv)其
基礎投資組合通常應具低風險。
現金流量分析
下表載列從本集團於所示年度之綜合現金
流量表摘錄的資料：
經營活動所得現金流量淨額
於報告期間，經營活動所得現金淨額為人民
幣 280.1 百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣204.2
百萬元） ，按年計同比增加37.2%，該增加主
要歸因於我們於報告期間內經調整 EBITDA的
表現轉差， 惟部分受營運資金各種變動抵銷，
包括：(i) 存貨減少為人民幣 4.6百萬元 （二零
二三年：減少人民幣 14.8百萬元） ；(ii)應收賬
款及其他應收款項增加至人民幣 13.6百萬元
（二零二三年：增加人民幣16.2百萬元） ；及(iii)
應付賬款及其他應付款項增加至人民幣 99.3
百萬元 （二零二三年：減少人民幣44.6百萬
元） 。於報告期間已付所得稅總額為人民幣
53.1百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣52.1百萬元） 。
As part of the Group’s cash management policy to manage excess cash, the 
Group purchases investment products from financial institutions to achieve 
higher interest income without interfering with business operations or capital 
expenditures. The Group carefully balances the risks and returns associated 
with the investment products when making the investment decisions. The senior 
management of the Group is closely involved in scrutinizing any decision of 
the Group to purchase investment products. The investment products should 
generally satisfy the following criteria, including: (i) its term should generally not 
exceed one year; (ii) it should not interfere with the Group’s business operations 
or capital expenditures; (iii) it should be issued by a reputable bank which the 
Group has a long-term relationship, preferably exceeding five years; and (iv) the 
underlying investment portfolio should generally be low risk.
Cash Flow Analysis
The table below sets forth the information as extracted from the consolidated 
statement of cash flows of the Group for the years indicated:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
Change RMB’000 RMB’000
變動 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Net cash flows from operating activities 經營活動所得現金流量淨額 +37.2% 280,132 204,195
Net cash flows used in investing activities 投資活動所用現金流量淨額 -18.9% (87,331) (107,724)
Net cash flows used in financing activities 融資活動所用現金流量淨額 +353.0% (251,705) (55,563)
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash 
equivalents
現金及現金等價物 （減少） ╱
增加淨額 N/A不適用 (58,904) 40,908
Net cash flows from operating activities
During the Reporting Period, the net cash generated from operating activities 
amounted to RMB280.1 million (2023: RMB204.2 million), representing a year-on-
year increase of 37.2%, the increase is primarily attributable to the deterioration of 
our performance in adjusted EBITDA for the Reporting Period, but partly offset by 
various changes in working capital include: (i) decrease in inventories amounted 
to RMB4.6 million (2023: decrease of RMB14.8 million); (ii) increase in accounts 
and other receivables amounted to RMB13.6 million (2023: increase of RMB16.2 
million); and (iii) increase in accounts and other payables amounted to RMB99.3 
million (2023: decrease of RMB44.6 million). Total income tax paid during the 
Reporting Period amounting to RMB53.1 million (2023: RMB52.1 million).


===== PAGE 48 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
47
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
投資活動所用現金流量淨額
於報告期間，投資活動所用現金淨額為人民
幣 87.3百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣107.7百
萬元） ，按年計同比減少18.9%。減少主要歸
因於：(i) 購買物業、廠房及設備減少至人民
幣 65.4百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣98.3百
萬 元 ）；(ii)收購物業、廠房及設備已付按金
減少至人民幣 21.3百萬元 （二零二三年：人
民幣 32.6百萬元） ；(iii)錄得購買按公平值計
入損益的金融資產投資所用現金淨額人民
幣 20.0百萬元 （二零二三年：出售所得款項
淨額人民幣 187.5百萬元） ；(iv)自按公平值計
入損益的金融資產所得的投資收入減少至人
民幣 7.8百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣12.1百
萬 元 ）；(v)報告期間定期銀行存款並無變動
（二零二三年：淨存置人民幣 65.4百萬元） ；
及 (vi)收購附屬公司 （康華血液透析集團） 現
金流入淨額人民幣 6.1百萬元 （二零二三年：
收購附屬公司 （主要為康心醫院） 額外權益
所用現金人民幣 108.1百萬元及收購附屬公
司已付按金人民幣 0.8百萬元） 。
融資活動所用現金流量淨額
於報告期間，融資活動所用現金流量淨額
為人民幣 251.7百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣
55.6百萬元） ，且主要包括：(i)籌集新銀行貸
款人民幣 181.9百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣
68.2百萬元） ；(ii)償還銀行貸款人民幣 283.4
百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣33.0百萬元） ；
(iii)向附屬公司非控股股東償還款項淨額人
民幣75.1 百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣26.9
百萬元） ；(iv)償還租賃負債本金部分人民幣
62.1 百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣41.7 百萬
元 ）； 及(v)已付利息減少人民幣 13.1百萬元 （二
零二三年：人民幣 22.2百萬元） 。
Net cash flows used in investing activities
During the Reporting Period, the net cash used in investing activities amounted to 
RMB87.3 million (2023: RMB107.7 million), representing a year-on-year decrease 
of 18.9%. The decrease is primarily attributable to: (i) a decrease in purchase of 
property, plant and equipment to RMB65.4 million (2023: RMB98.3 million); (ii) 
a decrease in deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment 
to RMB21.3 million (2023: RMB32.6 million); (iii) a recorded net cash used in 
purchase of investments in financial assets at FVTPL of RMB20.0 million (2023: net 
proceeds from disposal of RMB187.5 million); (iv) a decrease in investment income 
received from financial assets at FVTPL to RMB7.8 million (2023: RMB12.1 million); 
(v) no change in fixed bank deposits (2023: net placement of RMB65.4 million) 
during the Reporting Period; and (vi) net cash inflow on acquisition of subsidiaries 
(Kanghua Haemodialysis Group) of RMB6.1 million (2023: cash used in acquisition 
of additional interest in subsidiaries (mainly Kangxin Hospital) of RMB108.1 million 
and deposits paid for acquisition of subsidiaries of RMB0.8 million).
Net cash flows used in financing activities
During the Reporting Period, the net cash flows used in financing activities 
amounted to RMB251.7 million (2023: RMB55.6 million) and primarily consists of: (i) 
new bank loans raised of RMB181.9 million (2023: RMB68.2 million); (ii) repayment 
of bank loans of RMB283.4 million (2023: RMB33.0 million); (iii) net repayments to 
non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries of RMB75.1 million (2023: RMB26.9 
million); (iv) repayments of principal portion of lease liabilities of RMB62.1 million 
(2023: RMB41.7 million); and (v) decrease in interest paid amounted to RMB13.1 
million (2023: RMB22.2 million).


===== PAGE 49 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
48
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
重大投資、收購及出售
收購康華血液透析集團
於二零二三年十二月十五日，本公司與東莞
市優旺實業投資有限公司 （獨立第三方） 訂
立收購協議，據此本公司已同意以代價人民
幣 7.7百萬元收購康華血液透析及其附屬公
司 （康華血液透析集團） 的70%股權。收購事
項於二零二四年一月九日完成，且康華血液
透析已自此成為本公司的非全資附屬公司。
本次收購已使用收購法入賬。報告期間綜合
財務報表包括康華血液透析集團自收購日期
起計至二零二四年十二月三十一日止期間
的業績。本集團已選擇按非控股權益於康華
血液透析集團可識別負債淨值中所佔的比
例份額計量康華血液透析集團的非控股權益。
收購產生的商譽金額為人民幣 114.2百萬元。
出售康心醫院股權
於二零二四年十二月二十日，董事會議決向
銀山資本或其聯屬公司出售康心醫院的 55%
股權。隨著康心醫院的分立 （乃根據中國法
律進行，據此已成立重慶康華物業以持有康
心醫院經營相關的土地及樓宇） 完成，且該
等土地及樓宇已轉讓予重慶康華物業，因此
康心醫院已處於可即時出售的狀態。康心
醫院的資產及負債已於二零二四年十二月
三十一日的綜合財務狀況表中單獨呈列。
於二零二五年一月九日，本公司與鉑頌健康
就出售康心醫院 55%股權訂立買賣協議，代
價為人民幣 34.9百萬元。於二零二四年十二
月三十一日，康心醫院出售事項正與鉑頌健
康進行磋商，完成交易受買賣協議所載多項
條件規限。出售事項其後於二零二五年二月
八日完成。
除本報告所披露者外，本集團於報告期間內
並無任何重大投資、收購或出售。
Significant Investment, Acquisition and Disposal
Acquisition of Kanghua Haemodialysis Group
On 15 December 2023, the Company entered into an acquisition agreement with 
Dongguan YouWang Enterprise Investment Co., Ltd., an independent third party, 
pursuant to which the Company had agreed to acquire 70% equity interest in 
Kanghua Haemodialysis and its subsidiaries (Kanghua Haemodialysis Group) at 
a consideration of RMB7.7 million. The acquisition was completed on 9 January 
2024 and Kanghua Haemodialysis has since become a non-wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Company.
The acquisition has been accounted for using the acquisition method. The 
consolidated financial statements for the Reporting Period include the results 
of Kanghua Haemodialysis Group for the period from the acquisition date to 31 
December 2024. The Group has elected to measure the non-controlling interests 
in Kanghua Haemodialysis Group at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate 
share of the Kanghua Haemodialysis Group’s identifiable net liabilities. The 
amount of goodwill arising as a result of the acquisition was RMB114.2 million.
Disposal of Equity Interest in Kangxin Hospital
On 20 December 2024, the Board resolved to dispose of 55% equity interest of 
Kangxin Hospital to Silver Mountain or its affiliates. As the demerger of Kangxin 
Hospital (which was conducted under PRC laws, pursuant to which Chongqing 
Kanghua Property has been established to hold the land and buildings 
underlying the operations of Kangxin Hospital) was completed and the land and 
buildings were transferred to Chongqing Kanghua Property, Kangxin Hospital 
was in a condition ready for immediate sale. The assets and liabilities of Kangxin 
Hospital have been presented separately in the consolidated statement of 
financial position as at 31 December 2024. 
On 9 January 2025, the Company entered into a sale and purchase agreement 
with Pantheon Health for the disposal of 55% equity interest in Kangxin Hospital 
at a consideration of RMB34.9 million. As at 31 December 2024, the disposal of 
Kangxin Hospital was undergoing negotiation with Pantheon Health and the 
completion of the transaction was subject to various conditions as set out in the 
sale and purchase agreement. The disposal was later completed on 8 February 
2025.
Save as disclosed in this report, the Group had no significant investment, 
acquisition or disposal during the Reporting Period.


===== PAGE 50 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
49
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
現金管理活動
作為本集團現金管理的一部分，本集團不時
購買由一家聲譽良好的中國商業銀行發行
期限介乎 56日至 189日的投資產品 （結構性
銀行存款） 及投資基金，在不影響業務運作
或資本開支的前提下，以獲取更高的利息收
益。投資產品未獲任何信貸評級機構評級，
但由發行銀行分類為低風險，及可能涉及流
通上市證券。 本集團在制定相關投資決策時，
會謹慎衡量投資產品的風險與收益。本集團
高級管理層亦密切參與本集團有關購買投
資產品的一切相關決策。此外，本集團亦投
資於投資基金及股權投資基金，以賺取長期
投資回報。本集團的策略一直是探索新的潛
在投資項目及資本市場投資，以分散經營風
險及拓寬本集團收入來源，最終實現股東價
值最大化。本公司認為，該等投資基金涉及
涵蓋符合中國醫療健康領域發展軌跡且與
本集團核心業務高度相關的優質資本市場
股票及高附加值健康產業的範圍。 董事認為，
通過基金對投資項目進行適當的市場篩選，
彼等將為本公司長期的合理投資，潛在促進
本集團進入相關醫療領域並與相關市場參
與者建立戰略合作關係。
資本開支
本集團定期作出資本開支以擴大營運、維持
醫療設施並提高經營效率。資本開支主要包
括購買物業、廠房及設備 （包括在建工程的
資本開支） 。本集團於報告期間的資本開支
為人民幣 108.8百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣
149.5百萬元） 。本集團主要通過經營活動所
得現金流量及銀行貸款為資本開支提供資金。
Cash Management Activities
As part of the Group’s cash management, the Group has from time to time 
purchased investment products (structured bank deposits) issued by a reputable 
PRC commercial bank with terms ranging from 56 days to 189 days and 
investment funds to achieve higher interest income without interfering with 
business operations or capital expenditures. The investment products are not 
rated by any credit rating agency but is classified as low-risk by the issuing bank 
and may involve liquid listed securities. The Group carefully balances the risks 
and returns associated with the investment products when making the investment 
decisions. The senior management of the Group is closely involved in scrutinizing 
any decision of the Group to purchase investment products. Furthermore, the 
Group has also invested in investment fund and equity investment fund for the 
purpose of generating long-term investment returns. It has been the strategy 
of the Group to explore new potential investments projects and capital market 
investments in order to diversify business risk as well as broaden income source 
and spectrum of the Group and eventually maximizing shareholders’ values. 
The Company considers that these investment funds involve scopes that covers 
quality capital market stocks and high value-added health industries which are in 
line with PRC’s development trajectories in the healthcare and technology space 
which is highly relevant to the Group’s core business. The Directors consider that, 
through appropriate market screening of investment projects by the funds, they 
will in the long term be a reasonable investment of the Company and potentially 
facilitate the Group’s entry into the relevant healthcare space and establishing 
strategic cooperation with relevant players in the market.
Capital Expenditure
The Group regularly makes capital expenditures to expand its operations, 
maintain its medical facilities and improve its operating efficiency. Capital 
expenditure primarily consists of purchases of property, plant and equipment 
(including capital expenditure in construction in progress). The capital expenditure 
of the Group during the Reporting Period was RMB108.8 million (2023: RMB149.5 
million). The Group has financed its capital expenditure mainly through cash flows 
generated from operating activities and bank loans.


===== PAGE 51 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
50
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
首次公開發售所得款項用途
本公司 H股於二零一六年十一月八日於香港
聯交所上市。本公司於扣除包銷佣金及所有
相關費用後，首次公開發售 H股所得款項淨
額約為人民幣 782.6百萬元 （相等於約874.9
百萬港元） 。首次公開發售所得款項淨額已
按照並將持續按照招股章程所載用途使用。
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日，首次公
開發售所得款項淨額中 (i)人民幣 78.3百萬元
（佔所得款項淨額約 10%） 已被悉數動用並用
於一般營運資金； (ii)人民幣 134.7百萬元 （佔
所得款項淨額約 17.2%） 已被動用並用於擴大
我們現有業務及升級醫院設施；及 (iii)人民
幣 208.8百萬元 （佔所得款項淨額約26.7% ）
已被動用並用於業務收購及潛在收購。於二
零二四年十二月三十一日，尚未動用之所得
款項淨額結餘為人民幣 360.8百萬元，當中
部分已被用於購買若干金融產品 （分類為按
公平值計入損益的金融資產） 或存置定期銀
行存款，從而獲得較高的利息收入及資本回
報，又不會干擾業務營運或資本開支並就我
們的超額現金結餘賺取更好的回報，且餘額
乃存於本集團的銀行賬戶 （計入銀行結餘及
現金） 。於本報告日期，本公司預計招股章
程所述所得款項使用計劃不會發生任何重
大變動。
USE OF PROCEED FROM THE INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING
The Company’s H shares were listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 8 
November 2016. The Company’s net proceeds from the initial public offering 
of its H shares amounts to approximately RMB782.6 million (equivalently to 
approximately HK$874.9 million) after deducting underwriting commissions and 
all related expenses. The net proceeds from the initial public offering have been 
and will be utilised in accordance with the purposes set out in the Prospectus.
Up to 31 December 2024, of the net proceeds from the initial public offering, 
(i) RMB78.3 million, representing approximately 10% of the net proceeds, have 
been fully utilised and used as general working capital; (ii) RMB134.7 million, 
representing approximately 17.2% of the net proceeds, have been utilised and 
used on expansion of our current operations and upgrading our hospital’s 
facilities; and (iii) RMB208.8 million, representing approximately 26.7% of the net 
proceeds, have been utilised and used for acquisition and potential acquisition 
of businesses. As at 31 December 2024, out of the balance of the unutilised 
net proceeds of RMB360.8 million, part of such proceeds have been used to 
purchase certain financial products (classified as financial assets at FVTPL) or 
placed in fixed bank deposits to achieve higher interest income and capital return 
without interfering with our business operations or capital expenditures to earn 
better return on our excess cash balance, and the remaining balance have been 
kept at the bank accounts of the Group (included in bank balances and cash). As 
at the date of this report, the Company does not anticipate any material change 
to its plan on the use of proceeds as stated in the Prospectus.


===== PAGE 52 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
51
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
下表載列首次公開發售所得款項淨額的擬
定用途，該等所得款項的動用情況及管理層
估計的動用期限：
附註： 有關期限僅為管理層的估計及可視乎本集
團的營運狀況及不時的市況予以更改。尤
其是，其不應被視為任何潛在交易正在磋
商及╱或任何潛在交易將會落實的跡象。
所得款項 （尤其是與擴張計劃有關的款項）
的預期使用已被延遲，主要是由於本集團
目前專注於分配管理資源以從 COVID-19的
影響中恢復過來以及對行業變化 （尤其是各
種醫療改革及國家政策） 進行調整。 本公司
將審閱所得款項的擬定用途，並會按香港
上市規則適時刊發公告。
The following table sets forth the intended purposes for the net proceeds from the 
initial public offering, the utilisation of such proceeds and the timeline of utilisation 
estimated by the management:
Purpose
Net proceeds
from the initial public
offering intended
for the purpose
as disclosed
in the Prospectus
(RMB million)
Utilisation up to 
31 December 2024
(RMB million)
Utilisation during 
the year ended 
31 December 2024 
(RMB million)
Unutilised amount
(RMB million)
Expected timeline
for the utilisation
of the unutilised
amount Note
用途
招股章程所披露擬定
用途的首次公開發售
所得款項淨額
（人民幣百萬元）
截至二零二四年
十二月三十一日
的動用情況
（人民幣百萬元）
截至二零二四年
十二月三十一日
止年度的動用情況
( 人民幣百萬元 )
未動用金額
（人民幣百萬元）
使用未動用
金額的預期期限 附註
      
Expansion of the Group’s current operations and 
upgrading of hospital facilities
70.4 8.5 0.0 61.9 By the end of 
31 December 2025
擴大本集團現有業務及升級醫院設施 於二零二五年十二月
三十一日前
Expansion of operating capacity and capability in 
multi-disciplinary specialised treatment and 
diagnosis and upgrade of medical facilities
281.7 126.2 0.0 155.5 By the end of 
31 December 2025
擴大營運實力及多學科診治能力以及  
升級醫療設施
於二零二五年十二月
三十一日前
Expansion of hospital management operations 78.3 – 0.0 78.3 By the end of 
31 December 2025
擴大醫院管理營運 於二零二五年十二月
三十一日前
Expansion of healthcare operations in the PRC 
through selective mergers and acquisitions
273.9 208.8 0.0 65.1 By the end of 
31 December 2025
通過選擇性併購擴大於中國的醫療業務 於二零二五年十二月
三十一日前
Working capital and other general corporate 
purposes
78.3 78.3 0.0 – –
營運資金及其他一般公司用途      
Total 782.6 421.8 0.0 360.8
總計
      
Note: Such timeline is an estimation of the management only and is subject to change on 
account of the Group’s operating conditions and market conditions from time to time. 
In particular, it should not be taken as an indication that any potential transaction is 
under negotiation and/or will materialise.
The expected utilization of the proceeds, particularly related to expansion plans, has 
been delayed primarily due to the Group’s current focus on allocating management 
resources towards recovery from the impacts of COVID-19 and adjustments to 
industry changes, especially various healthcare reforms and national policies. The 
Company will review the intended use of proceeds and will make an announcement 
as and when required under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


===== PAGE 53 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
52
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
債項
銀行貸款
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，本集團有賬
面值為人民幣 74.4百萬元的有抵押銀行貸款
及賬面值為人民幣 154.7百萬元的無抵押銀
行貸款 （二零二三年：有抵押銀行貸款人民
幣 318.8百萬元） 。於報告期間，有關發展二
期醫療設施及為康心醫院營運融資的銀行
貸款融資 （即人民幣420.0百萬元固定資產
借款合同及人民幣 200.0百萬元融資租賃合
同） 已全數償還及註銷。
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，本集團有兩
項銀行貸款融資，詳情如下：
(i) 與東莞銀行股份有限公司訂立人民幣
330.0百萬元固定資產貸款合同，以
中國人民銀行提供的五年期貸款基礎
利率 (LPR)加 0.5%為浮動利率，於各提
取日期按年調整。貸款本金可提取至
二零二六年四月二十五日，全額還款
期由每次提取日期起計 15年。於二零
二四年十二月三十一日，該浮息有抵
押銀行貸款的賬面值為人民幣 74.4百
萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣47.2百萬
元） 。 該貸款的主要用途為撥資康華•
清溪分院 （本集團位於東莞市清溪鎮
的老年醫療保健綜合體開發項目） 的
建設開發及固定資產購買。該銀行貸
款以 (i)本公司及本集團主席王君揚先
生提供的財務擔保；及 (ii)本公司一間
附屬公司持有的租賃土地作抵押，於
二零二四年十二月三十一日的賬面
值約為人民幣 77.6百萬元 （二零二三
年：人民幣 79.3百萬元） 。
INDEBTEDNESS
Bank Loans
As at 31 December 2024, the Group had a secured bank loan of carrying amount 
of RMB74.4 million and an unsecured bank loan of carrying amount of RMB154.7 
million (2023: secured bank loans of RMB318.8 million). During the Reporting 
Period, the bank loan facility in respect to the development of the Phase II medical 
facility and financing the operations of Kangxin Hospital (being the RMB420.0 
million fixed asset facility agreement and RMB200.0 million financial leasing 
agreement) was fully repaid and cancelled.
As at 31 December 2024, the Group had two bank loan facilities and details are 
as follows:
(i) RMB330.0 million fixed asset facility agreement with Bank of Dongguan 
Co., Ltd. and carries variable interest rate using five-year LPR (Loan Prime 
Rate) offered by the People’s Bank of China plus 0.5%, at each drawn 
down date and adjusted annually. Loan principal can be drawn down 
up to 25 April 2026 with full repayment term of 15 years from each drawn 
down date. As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of this variable-
rate secured bank loan amounted to RMB74.4 million (2023: RMB47.2 
million). The main purpose of the loan is to finance payments for the 
construction development and fixed assets purchase of the Kanghua 
Qingxi Healthcare Complex (the Group’s elderly medical and healthcare 
complex development in Qingxi Town, Dongguan City). The bank loan is 
secured with (i) financial guarantees provided by the Company and Mr. 
Wang Junyang, the chairman of the Group; and (ii) pledge of leasehold 
land held by a subsidiary of the Company with carrying amount of 
approximately RMB77.6 million as at 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB79.3 
million).


===== PAGE 54 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
53
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
(ii) 與東莞銀行股份有限公司訂立人民
幣 299.0百萬元循環額度貸款合同，
以中國人民銀行提供的一年期貸款
基礎利率 (LPR)加 0.85%為浮動利率，
於各提取日期按年調整。貸款本金可
提取至二零二六年五月二十九日，全
額還款期由每次提取日期起計 3年。
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，該
浮息無抵押銀行貸款的賬面值為人
民幣 154.7百萬元 （二零二三年：不適
用） 。該貸款的主要用途為向康華醫
院提供經營現金流。該銀行貸款無抵
押，由本公司及本集團主席王君揚先
生提供財務擔保。
就上述銀行貸款融資而言，本集團主席王君
揚先生已提供以相關借方為受益人的擔保
及承諾。根據香港上市規則第 14A.90條，王
君揚先生提供的財務資助豁免遵守第 14A章
項下的關連交易規定。
或然負債
本集團受制於法律訴訟及於日常業務中主要
由病人提出的醫療糾紛索賠。醫療糾紛的撥
備是根據有關期間結束時可能和尚未了結的
進行中索賠個案狀況而作出，主要考慮本集
團將面臨的任何司法判決或法院裁決。於二
零二四年十二月三十一日，除已計提撥備的
該等糾紛外，本集團尚未了結的醫療糾紛索
賠總額約為人民幣 14.3百萬元 （二零二三年：
人民幣 13.9百萬元） ，而有部份醫療糾紛未
有列明索賠金額。根據本集團作出的評估，
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，本集團已計
提約人民幣 2.9百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣
1.2百萬元） 的撥備，並計入本集團的應付賬
款及其他應付款項及撥備中。
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，本集團並無
可能對本集團財務狀況或營運產生重大影
響的或然負債或擔保。
(ii) RMB299.0 million revolving credit facility agreement with Bank of 
Dongguan Co., Ltd. and carries variable interest rate using one-year LPR 
(Loan Prime Rate) offered by the People’s Bank of China plus 0.85%, at 
each drawn down date and adjusted annually. Loan principal can be 
drawn down up to 29 May 2026 with full repayment term of 3 years from 
each drawn down date. As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount 
of this variable-rate unsecured bank loan amounted to RMB154.7 million 
(2023: N/A). The main purpose of the loan is to provide operating cash 
flow for Kanghua Hospital. The bank loan is unsecured with financial 
guarantees provided by the Company and Mr. Wang Junyang, the 
chairman of the Group.
In connection with the bank loan facility above, Mr. Wang Junyang, the chairman 
of the Group, provided guarantees and undertakings in favour of the relevant 
lender. The financial assistance provided by Mr. Wang Junyang is exempted from 
the connected transaction requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong 
Listing Rules by virtue of Rule 14A.90.
Contingent Liabilities
The Group is subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary of business 
primarily arising from medical disputes brought by patients. Provision for medical 
disputes is made based on the status of potential and active claims outstanding 
as at the end of the relevant period, and primarily taking into account any judicial 
appraisal or court determination against the Group. As at 31 December 2024, 
except for those disputes with provision made, the total stated claim amount 
of the Group’s on-going medical disputes was approximately RMB14.3 million 
(2023: RMB13.9 million) and there were certain medical disputes without claim 
amount stated. Based on the Group’s assessment, as at 31 December 2024, 
approximately RMB2.9 million (2023: RMB1.2 million) had been provided and 
included in accounts and other payables and provisions of the Group.
As at 31 December 2024, the Group had no contingent liabilities or guarantees 
that would have a material impact on the financial position or operation of the 
Group.


===== PAGE 55 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
54
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
資產抵押
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，賬面淨值
為人民幣 77.6百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣
79.3百萬元） 的租賃土地 （包括使用權資產）
已被質押以擔保本集團獲授的銀行融資。
於二零二三年十二月三十一日，本集團若干
賬面淨值為人民幣 14.4百萬元 （二零二四年
十二月三十一日：無） 的物業、廠房及設備
已被質押以擔保本集團獲授的銀行融資。
資本承擔
本集團的資本承擔主要歸因於與本集團醫
療設施擴建及翻新有關的建築成本。於二零
二四年十二月三十一日，本集團已訂約但未
於綜合財務報表撥備之物業、廠房及設備的
資本承擔為人民幣 153.7百萬元 （二零二三年：
人民幣 178.8百萬元） 。
金融工具
本集團的金融工具主要包括應收賬款及其
他應收款項、 按公平值計入損益的金融資產、
定期銀行存款、銀行結餘及現金、受限制銀
行結餘、應付賬款及其他應付款項、應付附
屬公司非控股股東的款項、銀行貸款及租賃
負債。本公司管理層管理和監控這些風險承
擔，以確保及時有效地採取適當措施。
匯率波動風險
本公司 H股首次公開發售所募集的所得款項
以港元計值。本集團以港元存放部份金融資
產，主要受港元兌人民幣匯率波動的影響。
因此，本集團面臨外匯風險。
本集團並未應用任何衍生金融工具對沖其
貨幣風險承擔。管理層通過密切監測外幣匯
率的變動來管理貨幣風險，並將考慮在有需
要時就重大外幣承擔進行對沖。
資產負債比率
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，本集團之資
產負債比率 （計息銀行貸款總額除以總權益
並乘以 100%）為15.7%（二零二三年：21.3%）。
Pledge of Assets
As at 31 December 2024, leasehold land (included in right-of-use assets) with net 
carrying amount of RMB77.6 million (2023: RMB79.3 million) had been pledged 
to secure a banking facility granted to the Group. At 31 December 2023, certain 
property, plant and equipment of the Group with net carrying amount of RMB14.4 
million (31 December 2024: nil) had been pledged to secure a banking facility 
granted to the Group.
Capital Commitments
The capital commitments of the Group were primarily attributable to construction 
costs relating to the expansion and renovation of the Group’s medical facilities. 
As at 31 December 2024, the capital commitments in respect of property, plant 
and equipment contracted for but not provided in the consolidated financial 
statements were RMB153.7 million (2023: RMB178.8 million).
Financial Instruments
The Group’s financial instruments primarily consisted of accounts and other 
receivables, financial assets at FVTPL, fixed bank deposits, bank balances and 
cash, restricted bank balances, accounts and other payables, amounts due to 
non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary, bank loans and lease liabilities. The 
management of the Company manages and monitors these exposures to ensure 
appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.
Exposure to fluctuation in Exchange rates
The proceeds raised by the Company in its initial public offering of its H Shares 
is denominated in Hong Kong dollars. The Group deposits certain of its financial 
assets in Hong Kong dollars, and is mainly exposed to fluctuation in exchange 
rates of Hong Kong dollars against RMB. The Group is therefore exposed to 
foreign exchange risk.
The Group has not used any derivatives financial instruments to hedge against its 
exposure to currency risk. The management manages the currency risk by closely 
monitoring the movement of the foreign currency rates and will consider hedging 
significant foreign currency exposure should such need arise.
Gearing Ratio
As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s gearing ratio (total interest-bearing bank 
loans divided by total equity and multiplied by 100%) was 15.7% (2023: 21.3%).


===== PAGE 56 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
55
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
僱員、薪酬政策及培訓計劃
本集團全面的員工薪酬政策包括參考個人
職位、資歷及服務年期計算的基本工資、參
考個人工作職能特有指標的績效花紅和其
他福利。 本集團定期以現有市場數據為基準，
調整其薪酬架構，保持競爭力。於二零二四
年十二月三十一日，本集團有合共 4,320名
（二零二三年： 3,946名） 全職員工。報告期
間的員工相關成本 （不包括董事及監事酬金）
約人民幣 686.6百萬元 （二零二三年：人民幣
631.8百萬元） 。本集團致力於確保維持具競
爭力的僱員薪酬水平並與市場狀況保持一
致並確保本集團工資及獎金制度的整體架
構僱員的表現獲得適當的獎勵。
本集團提供系統培訓及教育計劃，以使員工
能夠持續提供高質量的服務。該等計劃旨在
裝備員工，使其具備彼等各自實踐領域的醫
療原則及知識以及執業技能的堅實基礎，並
培養高標準的實踐、組織能力及嚴謹態度。
本集團為醫務人員組織定期的內部及外部
強制性培訓， 以使彼等了解醫療的最新發展。
本集團會不時甄選出發展潛力大的員工及贊
助彼等在著名學術機構進一步開展學習及專
業培訓以及參加行業會議。醫療團隊亦從定
期舉行的研討會及分享會上的經驗及知識
交流中受益。本集團鼓勵醫務人員報考專業
技術職稱及不定期接受人員專項培訓及考核，
包括新員工入職培訓、 中青年骨幹拓展培訓、
醫療服務質量培訓以及青年幹部管理培訓等，
以確保彼等之相關業務能力符合規定標準。
通過各種培訓及教育計劃，本集團亦力圖在
員工中培養主動風險報告文化，這對於及早
發現臨床誤診及損害控制實屬重要。
EMPLOYEES, REMUNERATION POLICIES AND TRAINING SCHEMES
The Group’s comprehensive staff remuneration policy comprise basic salary 
determined with reference to the individual’s position, seniority and length of 
service, performance bonus determined with reference to the metrics specific to 
the individual’s job function and other benefits. The Group regularly benchmarks 
against available market data and adjusts its remuneration structure with a view 
to remaining competitive. As at 31 December 2024, the Group had a total of 
4,320 (2023: 3,946) full-time staff. Total staff related costs for the Reporting Period 
(excluding directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments) amounted to approximately 
RMB686.6 million (2023: RMB631.8 million). The Group endeavours to ensure 
that the compensation level of its employees remains competitive and in line 
with market conditions and its employees are appropriately rewarded based on 
their performance within the general framework of the Group’s salary and bonus 
system.
The Group provides structured training and education programmes to enable 
its staff to consistently deliver high quality services. These programmes aim to 
equip the staff with a sound foundation of the medical principles and knowledge 
as well as practical skills in their respective practice area and foster a high 
standard of practice, organisation capability and vigilant attitude. Regular internal 
and external mandatory trainings are organised for medical staff to keep them 
abreast of the latest development in healthcare. From time to time, the Group 
identifies and sponsors its staff with high development potential to undertake 
further studies and professional training in prestigious academic institutions 
and participate in industry conventions. Medical teams also benefit from the 
experience and knowledge exchange during seminars and sharing sessions 
regularly held. The Group encourages medical staff to apply for professional 
and technical qualifications and enrol in specialised training programmes and 
assessments from time to time, including induction training for new employees, 
development training for young and middle-aged core talent, medical service 
quality training and management training for young core talent, with a view 
to ensuring that their relevant professional competencies meet the required 
standards. Through various training and education programmes, the Group also 
aims to foster a proactive risk reporting culture among staff, which is important in 
the early detection of clinical failure and damage control.


===== PAGE 57 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
56
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
董事會欣然提呈本年報以及本集團截至二
零二四年十二月三十一日止年度的經審核
綜合財務報表。
主要業務
本集團主要在中國從事經營私營醫院 （提供
醫院服務） ，提供康復及其他醫療服務，提
供血液透析服務及提供老年醫療服務。
本公司主要附屬公司的主要業務詳情載於
綜合財務報表附註 41。
業務回顧
有關本集團可能面對之主要風險及不確定因
素之描述、本集團年內業務之中肯審視及本
集團之可能日後業務發展分別載於本年報
第 81至 104頁之企業管治報告及第 12至 55頁
之管理層討論及分析一節。此外，本集團金
融風險管理目標及政策可於綜合財務報表
附註 39閱覽。應用財務關鍵表現指標之本
集團年內表現分析分別載於本年報第 4至 5
頁之財務概覽及本年報第 293頁之財務概要。
此外，有關本公司與其員工、客戶及供應商
之關係之討論亦載於本年報第105 至 153頁
之環境、社會及管治報告一節。有關本集團
環境政策以及遵守對本集團有重要影響之
相關法例及規例之討論則載於本年報第57頁。
The Board is pleased to present this annual report and the audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024.
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Group is principally engaged in the operation of private hospitals (provision 
of hospital services), provision of rehabilitation and other healthcare services, 
provision of haemodialysis services and provision of elderly healthcare services in 
the PRC.
Details of the principal activities of the principal subsidiaries of the Company are 
set out in Note 41 to the consolidated financial statements.
BUSINESS REVIEW
The description of principal risks and uncertainties that the Group may be facing, 
a fair review of the Group’s business during the year, and the probable future 
business development of the Group are provided in the Corporate Governance 
Report and the Management Discussion and Analysis section on pages 81 to 
104 and on pages 12 to 55 respectively of this annual report. Also, the financial 
risk management objectives and policies of the Group can be found in Note 39 
to the consolidated financial statements. An analysis of the Group’s performance 
during the year using financial key performance indicators is provided in the 
Financial Highlights on pages 4 to 5 and Financial Summary on page 293 of this 
annual report respectively. In addition, discussions on the relationships with its 
staff, customers and suppliers is also contained in the Environmental, Social and 
Governance Report section on pages 105 to 153 of this annual report. Discussions 
on the Group’s environmental policies and compliance with relevant laws and 
regulations which have a significant impact on the Group are contained in this 
annual report on page 57.


===== PAGE 58 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
57
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
環境保護
本集團遵守中國國家和地方環境法律及法規，
包括醫院衛生、疾病控制、醫療廢物管理、
污水、污染物和放射性物質的排放。本集團
意識到其環境保護的義務，致力於環境與社
會的可持續發展。本集團已制定環境保護的
內部規定，並積極要求在可行的情況下實施
環保技術和臨床環境。本集團認為，其與社
區維持良好關係。在醫療廢物管理方面，本
集團已聘請合資格第三方按照適用的法律
及法規為其所有醫院進行妥善處置。
據本集團所知，截至二零二四年十二月
三十一日止年度，本集團在所有重大方面均
符合中國適用環境法律及法規。
本公司根據香港上市規則附錄 C2環境、社
會及管治報告指引所載條文編製的環境、社
會及管治報告請參閱本年報第 105至 153頁。
遵守相關法律和法規
報告期間，本集團無發生不遵守法律和法規
的事項，對其造成重大影響。
財務業績
本集團截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止
年度的財務業績載於本年報第 175頁的綜合
損益及其他全面收益表。
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
The Group is subject to national and local environmental laws and regulations in 
the PRC, including with respect to hospital sanitation, diseases control, medical 
wastes management, and discharge of wastewater, pollutants and radioactive 
substances. The Group is conscious of its environmental protection obligations 
and is committed to the sustainable development of the environment and society. 
The Group has established internal rules regarding environmental protection and 
actively seeks to implement ecofriendly technologies and clinical environment 
where feasible. The Group believes that it has maintained good relationship with 
the communities. With respect to medical wastes management, the Group has 
engaged qualified third parties to arrange proper disposal for all of its hospitals 
in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
To the best of the Group’s knowledge, during the year ended 31 December 2024 
the Group had complied with the applicable environment laws and regulations in 
the PRC in all material respects.
Please refer to pages from 105 to 153 of this annual report for the Environmental, 
Social and Governance Report of the Company prepared in compliance with the 
provisions set out in the ESG Reporting Guide in Appendix C2 to the Hong Kong 
Listing Rules.
COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
There was no incident of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations that 
had a significant impact on the Group during the Reporting Period.
FINANCIAL RESULTS
The Group’s financial results for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in 
the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on 
page 175 of this annual report.


===== PAGE 59 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
58
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
首次公開發售所得款項用途
本公司 H股於二零一六年十一月八日在香港
聯交所主板上市。本公司首次公開發售所得
款項淨額扣除包銷佣金及所有相關費用後
約為人民幣 782.6百萬元 （相等於874.9百萬
港元） 。截至本年報日期，本公司並無預期
對招股章程所指所得款項的使用計劃發生
任何重大變更。
有關首次公開發售所得款項用途的描述，請
參照本年報第 50至 51頁。
股息
報告期間末後，董事建議派發截至二零二四
年十二月三十一日止年度末期股息每股人
民幣15 分 （二零二三年：無） ，合共約人民
幣 50.2百萬元 （二零二三年：無） 。有關股息
須待股東於股東週年大會上批准後，方可作
實。末期股息將於二零二五年七月二十五日
（星期五） 或前後派發予於二零二五年六月
二十七日 （星期五） 名列本公司股東名冊的
股東。
就釐定享有截至二零二四年十二月三十一
日止年度之擬派末期股息之權利而言，所有
H股過戶文據連同有關股票須於二零二五年
六月二十四日 （星期二） 下午四時三十分前
送達本公司之 H股股份過戶登記處香港中央
證券登記有限公司 （地址為香港灣仔皇后大
道東183 號合和中心17 樓 1712–16 號舖） 辦理
登記手續。
概無本公司股東放棄或同意放棄任何股息
的安排。
股本
本公司於報告期間的股本變動詳情載於綜
合財務報表附註 27。
USE OF PROCEEDS FROM INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING
The H Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong 
Stock Exchange on 8 November 2016. The Company’s net proceeds from the 
initial public offering amounted to approximately RMB782.6 million (equivalent 
to HK$874.9 million) after deducting underwriting commissions and all related 
expenses. As of the date of this annual report, the Company did not anticipate 
any material change to its plan on the use of proceeds as stated in the 
Prospectus.
For a description of the utilisation of the proceeds from the initial public offering, 
please refer to pages 50 to 51 of this annual report.
DIVIDEND
Subsequent to the end of the Reporting Period, a final dividend for the year 
ended 31 December 2024 of RMB15 cents (2023: nil) per Share amounting to 
approximately RMB50.2 million (2023: nil) in aggregate has been proposed by 
the Directors. Such dividend is subject to approval by the Shareholders at the 
AGM. The final dividend will be paid on or around Friday, 25 July 2025 to the 
Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company 
on Friday, 27 June 2025. 
For the purpose of determining the entitlement to the proposed final dividend 
for the year ended 31 December 2024, all transfer instruments of the H Shares 
together with the relevant share certificates shall be lodged with the Company’s 
H Shares registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 
1712-16, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong 
Kong for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 24 June 2025. 
There is no arrangement that a shareholder of the Company has waived or 
agreed to waive any dividend.
SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in the share capital of the Company during the 
Reporting Period are set out in Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements.


===== PAGE 60 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
59
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
儲備
本集團與本公司於報告期間的儲備變動詳
情分別載於綜合權益變動表及綜合財務報
表附註 40。於二零二四年十二月三十一日，
本公司可分派儲備供分派為約人民幣 314.4
百萬元 （二零二三年：約人民幣346.5百萬元） 。
物業、廠房及設備
於報告期間本集團物業、廠房及設備的變動
詳情載於綜合財務報表附註 14。
主要客戶及供應商
本集團的客戶組合高度多元化，包括個人病
人以及為僱員購買醫療服務的商業公司和
政府部門。截至二零二四年十二月三十一日
止年度，本集團最大客戶或五大客戶合計對
本集團總收益的貢獻少於 1%。
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止年度，本
集團最大的供應商和五大供應商合計分別
佔本集團採購總額約 23.4%和 58.1%，其中包
括藥品、醫療耗材、醫療設備、建築及裝修
服務、電力供應和非醫療相關輔助管理服務
（ 「總採購」 ） 。本集團最大的供應商東莞市裕
恒醫藥有限公司 （ 「裕恒」 ） 佔本集團總採購
額約 23.4%。於報告期間，裕恒一直為獨立
第三方。裕恒是中國醫院的主要藥品和醫療
設備批發商。本集團與裕恒的關係始於二零
一零年。本集團有長期協議，不對本集團施
加任何最低採購承諾，本集團可自行決定向
裕恒下達訂單。相關產品的定價在相關訂單
發出時參照市場價格釐定。協議載列交貨、
結算、檢驗和質量控制、產品缺陷、交貨失
敗賠償安排、醫療設備培訓、包裝和保修的
框架。協議無限期，倘裕恒發生重大違規或
未能在規定期限內交付相關產品，本集團可
以終止協議。 裕恒給予本集團90天的信貸期。
概無董事、 監事或彼等之任何緊密聯繫人 （定
義見香港上市規則） 或就董事所知擁有本公
司已發行股本 5%以上的任何股東直接或間
接擁有本集團截至二零二四年十二月三十一
日止年度的五大客戶或供應商的任何權益。
RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during 
the Reporting Period are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in 
equity and Note 40 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively. At 31 
December 2024, the Company had distributable reserve available for distribution 
of approximately RMB314.4 million (2023: approximately RMB346.5 million).
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of the movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group 
during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 14 to the consolidated financial 
statements.
MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The Group has a highly diversified customer portfolio, including individual patients 
as well as business corporations and government administrations who purchase 
healthcare services for their employees. For the year ended 31 December 
2024, the Group’s largest customer or the five largest customers in aggregate 
contributed to less than 1% of the Group’s total revenue.
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s largest supplier and the 
five largest suppliers in aggregate contributed to approximately 23.4% and 
58.1%, respectively, of the Group’s total purchases, including pharmaceuticals, 
medical consumables, medical equipment, construction and renovation 
services, electricity supply and non-healthcare related ancillary management 
services (“Total Purchases”). The Group’s largest supplier, Dongguan Yuheng 
Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (“Yuheng”), accounted for approximately 23.4% of the 
Group’s Total Purchases. Yuheng has been an Independent Third Party during 
the Reporting Period. Yuheng is a wholesaler of pharmaceuticals and medical 
equipment primarily to hospitals in the PRC. The Group’s relationship with Yuheng 
began in 2010. The Group has a long term agreement that does not impose 
any minimum purchasing commitment on the Group and the Group may place 
orders with Yuheng at its own discretion. The pricing of the relevant products is 
determined at the time the relevant order is placed with reference to market price. 
The agreement sets out the framework of delivery, settlement, inspection and 
quality control, product defects, compensation arrangements for delivery failure, 
medical equipment training, packaging and warranty. The agreement is for an 
indefinite period but the Group may terminate it if Yuheng commits a material 
breach or fails to deliver the relevant products within a prescribed period. The 
Group has a 90-days credit period with Yuheng.
None of the Directors, the Supervisors or any of their respective close associates 
(as defined under the Hong Kong Listing Rules), or any Shareholders, which to 
the knowledge of the Directors, directly or indirectly own more than 5% of the 
Company’s issued share capital has any interests in the Group’s five largest 
customers or suppliers for the year ended 31 December 2024.


===== PAGE 61 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
60
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
捐款
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止年度，本
集團作出慈善捐款及其他捐款合計約人民
幣 0.09百萬元。
附屬公司
本公司截至二零二四年十二月三十一日的主
要附屬公司詳情載於綜合財務報表附註 41。
董事
於報告期間直至本年報日期的董事如下：
執行董事
王君揚先生（主席）
陳旺枝先生（行政總裁）
王偉雄先生（副主席）
王愛勤女士
非執行董事
呂玉波先生
獨立非執行董事
楊銘澧先生
陳可冀醫生
陳星能先生
監事
於報告期間直至本年報日期的監事如下：
陳少明先生（監事會主席）
王少鋒先生
岳春陽先生
DONATIONS
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the charitable contributions and other 
donations made by the Group amounted to approximately RMB0.09 million in 
aggregate.
SUBSIDIARIES
Details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries as of 31 December 2024 are set 
out in Note 41 to the consolidated financial statements.
DIRECTORS
The Directors during the Reporting Period up to the date of this annual report are:
Executive Directors
Mr. Wang Junyang (Chairman)
Mr. Chen Wangzhi (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Wong Wai Hung (Vice Chairman)
Ms. Wang Aiqin
Non-executive Director
Mr. Lv Yubo
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Yeung Ming Lai
Dr. Chen Keji
Mr. Chan Sing Nun
SUPERVISORS
The Supervisors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual 
report are:
Mr. Chen Shaoming (Chairman of the Supervisory Committee)
Mr. Wang Shaofeng
Mr. Yue Chunyang


===== PAGE 62 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
61
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
董事及監事於重大交易、安排或合
約中的權益
除綜合財務報表附註 34所披露者外，概無
董事或監事、或任何董事或監事的任何關連
實體就本公司或其任何控股公司、附屬公
司或同系附屬公司截至二零二四年十二月
三十一日或報告期間任何時間存在的任何
重大交易、安排或合約直接或間接擁有重大
權益。
控股股東於重大合約中的權益
除綜合財務報表附註 34所披露者外，無控
股股東於對本集團業務屬重大 （不論提供服
務或其他） 由本公司或其任何附屬公司於報
告期間作為一方訂立的任何重大合約直接
或間接擁有重大權益。
不競爭協議
根據不競爭協議，控股股東已承諾彼等將不
會並將會促使其緊密聯繫人 （如適用） （本集
團除外） 不會直接或間接與本集團的主要業
務 （主要是提供醫院服務） 競爭，並授予本
集團新業務機會的選擇權，收購選擇權及優
先購買權。於報告期間，本公司並無從控股
股東接獲任何要約通知 （定義見招股章程 「與
我們控股股東的關係」 一節） 。
本公司已收到控股股東確認，其於截至二零
二四年十二月三十一日止年度遵守不競爭
協議的確認書，以供於本年報披露。獨立非
執行董事亦已審閱控股股東截至二零二四
年十二月三十一日止年度遵守不競爭協議。
DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTION, 
ARRANGEMENT OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
Save as disclosed in Note 34 to the consolidated financial statements, no 
transaction, arrangement or contracts of significance to which the Company or 
any of its holding companies, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, was a party and 
in which a Director or a Supervisor, or any entity connected with any Director or 
Supervisor, had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted as of 
31 December 2024 or at any time during the Reporting Period.
CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF 
SIGNIFICANCE
Save as disclosed in Note 34 to the consolidated financial statements, none of the 
Controlling Shareholders has or had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, 
in any contract of significance, whether for the provision of services or otherwise, 
to the business of the Group to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was 
a party during the Reporting Period.
NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT
Pursuant to the Non-Competition Agreement, the Controlling Shareholders 
have undertaken that they will not, and will also procure their respective close 
associate(s) (as appropriate) (other than the Group) not to, either directly or 
indirectly, compete with the Group’s principal business (which is primarily to 
provide hospital services) and granted to the Group the option for new business 
opportunities, option for acquisitions and pre-emptive rights. During the Reporting 
Period, the Company did not receive any Offer Notice (as defined under the 
section headed “Relationship with our Controlling Shareholders” in the Prospectus) 
from the Controlling Shareholders.
The Company has received confirmations from the Controlling Shareholders 
confirming their compliance with the Non-Competition Agreement for the year 
ended 31 December 2024 for disclosure in this annual report. The independent 
non-executive Directors have also reviewed the Controlling Shareholders’ 
compliance with the Non-Competition Agreement for the year ended 31 
December 2024.


===== PAGE 63 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
62
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
董事及監事酬金及五位最高薪人士
董事及監事酬金以及五位最高薪人士的詳
情載於綜合財務報表附註 9及 10。
呂玉波先生已放棄擔任非執行董事的酬金。
於報告期間，概無其他董事已放棄或同意放
棄任何酬金。
董事於競爭業務中之權益
於報告期間，概無董事或彼等各自之聯繫人
（定義見香港上市規則） 從事任何與本集團
業務直接或間接構成競爭或可能構成競爭
的業務，或於其中擁有任何權益。
獲准許之彌償條文
本公司已為董事、監事及高級管理人員購買
適當的責任保險。獲准許的彌償條文的規定
載於該等責任保險內。
除上述披露外，本公司於報告期間並無作出
任何獲准許的彌償條文，且於本年報日期，
概無任何獲准許的彌償條文生效。
EMOLUMENTS OF THE DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND THE FIVE 
HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
Details of the Directors’ and Supervisors’ emoluments and the five highest paid 
individuals are set out in Notes 9 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements.
Mr. Lv Yubo has waived emoluments in acting as a non-executive Director. 
No other Director has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the 
Reporting Period.
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or their respective associates (as 
defined under the Hong Kong Listing Rules) had engaged in or had any interest 
in nay business which competes or may compete, either directly or indirectly, with 
the business of the Group.
PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
The Company has purchased appropriate liability insurance for its Directors, 
Supervisors and senior management. The permitted indemnity provisions are set 
out in such liability insurance.
Save as disclosed above, no permitted indemnity provision was made by the 
Company during the Reporting Period and no permitted indemnity provision was 
in force as at the date of this annual report.


===== PAGE 64 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
63
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
董事、監事及最高行政人員於證券
之權益
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日，本公司董
事、監事及最高行政人員於本公司或其任何
相聯法團 （定義見證券及期貨條例第XV部）
之股份、相關股份及債權證中擁有根據證券
及期貨條例第 XV部第 7及第 8分部須知會本
公司及香港聯交所的權益及淡倉 （包括彼等
根據證券及期貨條例之該等條文被視為或
被當作擁有的權益及淡倉） ，或須列入由本
公司按證券及期貨條例第 352條存置之登記
冊內，或根據標準守則須知會本公司及香港
聯交所的權益及淡倉如下：
(a) 本公司
DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS IN 
SECURITIES
As of 31 December 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors, the 
Supervisors and the chief executive of the Company in the shares, underlying 
shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations 
(within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as notified to the Company and the 
Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO 
(including interests and short positions which he/she is keen to taken or deemed 
to have under such provisions of the SFO), or as recorded in the registered 
maintained by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or as notified to the 
Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were 
as follows:
(a) The Company
Name of Director
董事姓名
Class of Shares
股份類別
Nature of interest
權益性質
Number
 of Shares
股份數目
Approximate
 percentage in
 Shares of the
 same class(5)
相同類別
股份所佔
概約百分比 (5)
Approximate
 percentage of
 the Company’s
 total issued
 share capital(5)
佔本公司
已發行股本
總額
概約百分比 (5)
Mr. Wang Junyang
王君揚先生
Domestic Shares
內資股
Interest in a controlled 
corporation(1)
於受控制法團的權益 (1)
222,500,000
(Long position)
（好倉）
89% 66.54%
Mr. Chen Wangzhi
陳旺枝先生
Domestic Shares
內資股
Interest in a controlled 
corporation(2); family interest of 
spouse(3)
於受控制法團的權益 (2)； 
配偶的家族權益 (3)
27,500,000
(Long position)
（好倉）
11% 8.22%
Ms. Wang Aiqin
王愛勤女士
Domestic Shares
內資股
Interest in a controlled 
corporation(2); family interest of 
spouse(3) 
於受控制法團的權益 (2)；
配偶的家族權益 (3)
27,500,000
(Long position)
（好倉）
11% 8.22%
Mr. Wong Wai Hung 
王偉雄先生
Domestic Shares 
內資股
Interest in a controlled 
corporation(4) 
於受控制法團的權益 (4)
25,000,000
(Long position)
（好倉）
10% 7.48%


===== PAGE 65 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
64
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
附註：
(1) 王君揚先生持有 (i)康華集團的 97.46%
權益，而康華集團則持有 197,500,000
股內資股 （好倉） ；及(ii)興業集團的
50%權益 （直接持有2%及透過受控制
法團東莞市康華投資發展有限公司
間接持有 48%） ，而興業集團則持有
25,000,000股內資股 （好倉） 。因此，
根據證券及期貨條例，王君揚先生被
視為透過於受控制法團的權益而於
222,500,000股內資股擁有權益。
(2) 陳旺枝先生及王愛勤女士各自持有
興達物業的 50%權益，而興達物業則
持有 27,500,000股內資股 （好倉） 。因
此，根據證券及期貨條例，陳旺枝先
生及王愛勤女士均被視為透過於受
控制法團的權益而於 27,500,000股內
資股擁有權益。
(3) 由於陳旺枝先生及王愛勤女士為夫
婦，故基於證券及期貨條例，其均被
視為於其所合共持有的所有股份中
擁有權益。
(4) 王偉雄先生持有浩亨國際 （定義見下
文）34.0%，而浩亨國際持有偉順物
業 （定義見下文）100%，而偉順物業
持有康偉實業 （定義見下文）100%，
而康偉實業持有興業集團 48.0%。興
業集團持有 25,000,000股內資股。由
於王偉雄先生於興業集團的股東大
會上控制超過三分之一的投票權，基
於證券及期貨條例，王偉雄先生被視
為於興業集團擁有的相同數目股份
擁有權益。
(5) 持股比例以本公司截至二零二四年
十二月三十一日發行的250,000,000
股內資股及 84,394,000股 H股計算。
Notes:
(1) Mr. Wang Junyang holds (i) 97.46% in Kanghua Group, which in turn holds 
197,500,000 Domestic Shares (long position); and (ii) 50% in Xingye Group 
(directly of 2% and indirectly through a controlled corporation, Dongguan 
Kanghua Investment Development Co., Ltd. ( 東莞市康華投資發展有限公
司 ), of 48%), which in turn holds 25,000,000 Domestic shares (long position). 
Therefore, Mr. Wang Junyang is deemed to be interested in 222,500,000 
Domestic Shares through interest in controlled corporations by virtue of the 
SFO.
(2) Each of Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin holds 50% in Xingda Property, 
which in turn holds 27,500,000 Domestic Shares (long position). Therefore, 
each of Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin is deemed to be interested 
in 27,500,000 Domestic Shares through interest in controlled corporation by 
virtue of the SFO.
(3) As Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin are husband and wife, each of 
them is deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by them in aggregate 
by virtue of the SFO.
(4) Mr. Wong Wai Hung holds 34.0% in HH International (as defined below), 
which in turns holds 100% in Weishun Property (as defined below), which in 
turn holds 100% in Kangwei Industrial (as defined below), which in turn holds 
48.0% in Xingye Group. Xingye Group held 25,000,000 Domestic Shares. 
As Mr. Wong Wai Hung controls more than one third of the voting power at 
the general meeting of Xingye Group, Mr. Wong Wai Hung is deemed to be 
interested in the same number of Shares in which Xingye Group is interested 
by virtue of the SFO.
(5) The shareholding percentages are calculated on the basis of 250,000,000 
Domestic Shares and 84,394,000 H Shares issued by the Company as of 31 
December 2024.


===== PAGE 66 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
65
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
(b) 本公司相聯法團
附註：
(1) 王君揚先生持有 (i)康華集團的 97.46%
權益，而康華集團則持有 197,500,000
股內資股 （好倉） ；及(ii)興業集團的
50%權益 （直接持有2%及透過受控制
法團東莞市康華投資發展有限公司
間接持有 48%） ，而興業集團則持有
25,000,000股內資股 （好倉） 。因此，
根據證券及期貨條例，王君揚先生被
視為透過於受控制法團的權益而於
222,500,000股內資股擁有權益。
(2) 王偉雄先生持有浩亨國際 （定義見下
文）34.0%，而浩亨國際持有偉順物
業 （定義見下文）100%，而偉順物業
持有康偉實業 （定義見下文）100%，
而康偉實業持有興業集團 48.0%。由
於王偉雄先生於康偉實業的股東大
會上控制超過三分之一的投票權，基
於證券及期貨條例，王偉雄先生被視
為於康偉實業擁有的興業集團的相
同權益擁有權益。
(b) Associated corporations of the Company
Name of Director
董事姓名
Associated corporation
相聯法團
Nature of interest
權益性質
Approximate
 percentage interest
 in the associated
 corporation
佔相聯法團
權益概約百分比
Mr. Wang Junyang
王君揚先生
Kanghua Group
康華集團
Beneficial owner
實益擁有人
97.46%
Mr. Wang Junyang
王君揚先生
Xingye Group
興業集團
Beneficial owner; interest in a controlled 
corporation(1)
實益擁有人；於受控制法團的權益 (1)
50.0%
Mr. Wong Wai Hung
王偉雄先生
Xingye Group
興業集團
Interest in a controlled corporation(2)
於受控制法團的權益 (2)
48.0%
Mr. Chen Wangzhi
陳旺枝先生
Xingda Property
興達物業
Beneficial owner; family interest of spouse
實益擁有人；配偶的家族權益
100%
Ms. Wang Aiqin
王愛勤女士
Xingda Property
興達物業
Beneficial owner; family interest of spouse
實益擁有人；配偶的家族權益
100%
Note:
(1) Mr. Wang Junyang holds (i) 97.46% in Kanghua Group, which in turn holds 
197,500,000 Domestic Shares (long position); and (ii) 50% in Xingye Group 
(directly of 2% and indirectly through a controlled corporation, Dongguan 
Kanghua Investment Development Co., Ltd. ( 東莞市康華投資發展有限公
司 ), of 48%), which in turn holds 25,000,000 Domestic shares (long position). 
Therefore, Mr. Wang Junyang is deemed to be interested in 222,500,000 
Domestic Shares through interest in controlled corporations by virtue of the 
SFO.
(2) Mr. Wong Wai Hung holds 34.0% in HH International (as defined below), 
which in turns holds 100% in Weishun Property (as defined below), which in 
turn holds 100% in Kangwei Industrial (as defined below), which in turn holds 
48.0% in Xingye Group. As Mr. Wong Wai Hung controls more than one third 
of the voting power at the general meeting of Kangwei Industrial, Mr. Wong 
Wai Hung is deemed to be interested in the same amount of interest in Xingye 
Group in which Kangwei Industrial is interested by virtue of the SFO.


===== PAGE 67 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
66
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
除上文所披露者外，截至二零二四年十二
月三十一日，據董事會所知，概無本公司董
事、監事或行政總裁於本公司或其任何相聯
法團 （定義見證券及期貨條例第XV部 ）之 股
份、相關股份及債權證中擁有 (i)根據證券及
期貨條例第 XV部第 7及第 8分部須知會本公
司及香港聯交所的權益及淡倉 （包括本公司
董事、監事及行政總裁根據證券及期貨條例
之該等條文被視為或被當作擁有的權益及
淡 倉 ）；(ii)須列入由本公司按證券及期貨條
例第 352條存置之登記冊內的權益及淡倉；
或 (iii)根據標準守則須知會本公司及香港聯
交所的權益及淡倉。
主要股東的權益
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日，按照本公
司根據證券及期貨條例第 336條存置的登記
冊，及據目前為止已知或可經向董事作出合
理查詢後確定，以下人士╱實體於股份及相
關股份中擁有權益或淡倉根據證券及期貨
條例第 XV部第 2及 3分部之條文須向本公司
及香港聯交所披露，或直接或間接擁有於本
公司股東大會上在任何情況下有權投票的
任何類別股本中面值 5%或以上的權益：
(a) 於本公司股份的權益
Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2024, to the knowledge of the Board, 
none of the Directors, the Supervisors or chief executive of the Company had any 
interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of 
the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV 
of the SFO) which were required to be (i) notified to the Company and the Hong 
Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including 
interests and short positions which the Directors, the Supervisors and chief 
executive of the Company were taken or deemed to have under such provisions 
of the SFO); (ii) recorded in the register kept by the Company pursuant to Section 
352 of the SFO; or (iii) notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange 
pursuant to the Model Code.
INTERESTS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
As of 31 December 2024, according to the register kept by the Company pursuant 
to Section 336 of the SFO and so far is known to, or can be ascertained after 
reasonable enquiry by the Directors, the following person/entity had an interest 
or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares which would fall to be 
disclosed to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to 
Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or be directly and indirectly interested in 5% 
or more of the nominal value of any class of share capital carrying rights to vote 
on all circumstances at general meetings of the Company:
(a) Interests in the Shares of the Company
Name
姓名╱名稱
Class of Shares
股份類別
Nature of interest
權益性質
Number
 of Shares
股份數目
Approximate
 percentage in
 Shares of the
 same class(6)
相同類別
股份所佔
概約百分比 (6)
Approximate
 percentage of
 the Company’s
 total issued
 share capital(6)
佔本公司
已發行股本
總額
概約百分比 (6)
Mr. Wang Junyang
王君揚先生
Domestic Shares
內資股
Interest in a controlled corporation(1)
於受控制法團的權益 (1)
222,500,000
(Long position)
（好倉）
89% 66.54%
Kanghua Group
康華集團
Domestic Shares
內資股
Beneficial owner(1)
實益擁有人 (1)
197,500,000
(Long position)
（好倉）
79% 59.06%


===== PAGE 68 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
67
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
Name
姓名╱名稱
Class of Shares
股份類別
Nature of interest
權益性質
Number
 of Shares
股份數目
Approximate
 percentage in
 Shares of the
 same class(6)
相同類別
股份所佔
概約百分比 (6)
Approximate
 percentage of
 the Company’s
 total issued
 share capital(6)
佔本公司
已發行股本
總額
概約百分比 (6)
Mr. Chen Wangzhi
陳旺枝先生
Domestic Shares
內資股
Interest in a controlled corporation(2); 
family interest of spouse(3)
於受控制法團的權益 (2)；
配偶的家族權益 (3)
27,500,000
(Long position)
（好倉）
11% 8.22%
Ms. Wang Aiqin
王愛勤女士
Domestic Shares
內資股
Interest in a controlled corporation(2); 
family interest of spouse(3)
於受控制法團的權益 (2)；
配偶的家族權益 (3)
27,500,000
(Long position)
（好倉）
11% 8.22%
Xingda Property
興達物業
Domestic Shares
內資股
Beneficial owner(2)
實益擁有人 (2)
27,500,000
(Long position)
（好倉）
11% 8.22%
Xingye Group 
興業集團
Domestic Shares
內資股
Beneficial owner(4)
實益擁有人 (4)
25,000,000
(Long position)
（好倉）
10%  7.48%
Mr. Wong Wai Hung
王偉雄先生
Domestic Shares
內資股
Interest in a controlled corporation(4)
於受控制法團的權益 (4)
25,000,000
(Long position)
（好倉）
10% 7.48%
HH International Investment 
 Limited (“HH 
International”)
浩亨國際投資有限公司  
（ 「浩亨國際」 ）
Domestic Shares
內資股
Interest in a controlled corporation(4)
於受控制法團的權益 (4)
25,000,000
(Long position)
（好倉）
10% 7.48%
Dongguan Weishun 
Property Investment Co., 
Ltd. (“Weishun Property”)
東莞市偉順物業投資有限
公司 （ 「偉順物業」 ）
Domestic Shares
內資股
Interest in a controlled corporation(4)
於受控制法團的權益 (4)
25,000,000
(Long position)
（好倉）
10% 7.48%
Dongguan Kangwei 
Industrial Investment  
Co., Ltd. (“Kangwei 
Industrial”)
東莞市康偉實業投資有限
公司 （ 「康偉實業」 ）
Domestic Shares
內資股
Interest in a controlled corporation(4)
於受控制法團的權益 (4)
25,000,000
(Long position)
 （好倉）
10% 7.48%


===== PAGE 69 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
68
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
Name
姓名╱名稱
Class of Shares
股份類別
Nature of interest
權益性質
Number
 of Shares
股份數目
Approximate
 percentage in
 Shares of the
 same class(6)
相同類別
股份所佔
概約百分比 (6)
Approximate
 percentage of
 the Company’s
 total issued
 share capital(6)
佔本公司
已發行股本
總額
概約百分比 (6)
Wang Chi Yeung
王志揚
H Shares
H股
Beneficial owner
實益擁有人
20,000,000
(Long position)
（好倉）
23.70% 5.98%
Lin Lijun (“Mr. Lin”)
林利軍 （ 「林先生」 ）
H Shares 
H股
Interest in a controlled  
corporation(5)
於受控制法團的權益 (5)
11,146,200
(Long position)
（好倉）
13.21% 3.33%
LVC Assets Management 
Limited
H Shares 
H股
Interest in a controlled  
corporation(5)
於受控制法團的權益 (5)
11,146,200
(Long position)
（好倉）
13.21% 3.33%
LVC KH Investment L.P. H Shares 
H股
Beneficial owner(5)
實益擁有人 (5)
11,146,200
(Long position)
（好倉）
13.21% 3.33%
Haitian (HK) Holdings 
Limited (formerly named 
as “Haitian (HK) Financial 
Development Limited”)
海天 （香港） 控股有限公司
（前稱 「海天 （香港） 金融
發展有限公司」 ）
H Shares 
H股
Beneficial owner
實益擁有人
5,052,600
(Long position)
（好倉）
5.98% 1.51%
Zhan Yongxiang
詹永祥
H Shares 
H股
Beneficial owner
實益擁有人
5,021,966
(Long position)
（好倉）
5.95% 1.50%
Chen Zhaoming
陳兆明
H Shares 
H股
Beneficial owner
實益擁有人
4,825,700
(Long position)
（好倉）
5.72% 1.44%
Mialkos Tomasz Jakub H Shares
H股
Beneficial owner
實益擁有人
4,687,400
(Long position)
（好倉）
5.55% 1.40%


===== PAGE 70 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
69
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
附註：
(1) 王君揚先生持有 (i)康華集團的 97.46%
權益，而康華集團則持有 197,500,000
股內資股 （好倉） ；及(ii)興業集團的
50%權益 （直接持有2%及透過受控制
法團東莞市康華投資發展有限公司
間接持有 48%） ，而興業集團則持有
25,000,000股內資股 （好倉） 。因此，
根據證券及期貨條例，王君揚先生被
視為透過於受控制法團的權益而於
222,500,000股內資股擁有權益。
(2) 陳旺枝先生及王愛勤女士各自持有
興達物業 50.0%的股份。由於陳旺枝
先生及王愛勤女士在興達物業的股
東大會上控制超過三分之一的投票
權，基於證券及期貨條例，陳旺枝先
生及王愛勤女士被視為於興達物業
擁有的相同數目股份擁有權益。
(3) 由於陳旺枝先生及王愛勤女士為夫
婦，故基於證券及期貨條例，其均被
視為於其所合共持有的所有股份中
擁有權益。
(4) 王偉雄先生持有浩亨國際 34.0%，而
浩亨國際持有偉順物業100%，而偉
順物業持有康偉實業100%，而康偉
實業持有興業集團 48.0%。興業集團
持有 25,000,000股內資股，由於王偉
雄先生於興業集團的股東大會上控
制超過三分之一的投票權，基於證券
及期貨條例，康偉實業、偉順物業、
浩亨國際及王偉雄先生被視為於興
業集團擁有的相同數目股份擁有權益。
(5) 林先生持有LVC Assets Management 
Limited 的 100%，而 LVC Assets  
Management Limited 持有 LVC KH 
Investment L.P. 的 100%。基於證券
及期貨條例，林先生及 LVC Assets 
Management Limited 各自被視為於
LVC KH Investment L.P. 擁有的相同數
目股份擁有權益。
(6) 持股比例以本公司截至二零二四年
十二月三十一日發行的250,000,000
股內資股及 84,394,000股 H股計算。
Notes:
(1) Mr. Wang Junyang holds (i) 97.46% in Kanghua Group, which in turn holds 
197,500,000 Domestic Shares (long position); and (ii) 50% in Xingye Group 
(directly of 2% and indirectly through a controlled corporation, Dongguan 
Kanghua Investment Development Co., Ltd. ( 東莞市康華投資發展有限公
司 ), of 48%), which in turn holds 25,000,000 Domestic shares (long position). 
Therefore, Mr. Wang Junyang is deemed to be interested in 222,500,000 
Domestic Shares through interest in controlled corporations by virtue of the 
SFO.
(2) Each of Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin holds 50.0% in Xingda 
Property. As each of Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin controls more 
than one third of the voting power at the general meeting of Xingda Property, 
each of Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin is deemed to be interested in 
the same number of Shares in which Xingda Property is interested by virtue of 
the SFO.
(3) As Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin are husband and wife, each of 
them is deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by them in aggregate 
by virtue of the SFO.
(4) Mr. Wong Wai Hung holds 34.0% in HH International, which in turn holds 
100% in Weishun Property, which in turn holds 100% interest in Kangwei 
Industrial, which in turn holds 48.0% in Xingye Group. Xingye Group held 
25,000,000 Domestic Shares. As Mr. Wong Wai Hung controls more than 
one third of the voting power at the general meeting of Xingye Group, each 
of Kangwei Industrial, Weishun Property, HH International and Mr. Wong Wai 
Hung is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which 
Xingye Group is interested by virtue of the SFO.
(5) Mr. Lin holds 100% in LVC Assets Management Limited, which in turn holds 
100% in LVC KH Investment L.P. Each of Mr. Lin and LVC Assets Management 
Limited is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which 
LVC KH Investment L.P. is interested by virtue of SFO.
(6) The shareholding percentages are calculated on the basis of 250,000,000 
Domestic Shares and 84,394,000 H Shares issued by the Company as of 31 
December 2024.


===== PAGE 71 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
70
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
(b) 本集團其他成員公司的主要股東
附註：
(1) 根據委託管理協議，康帝實業、張丹
丹女士及王愛兒女士各自均不可撤
回地將其於仁康醫院任何股東大會
的全部投票權歸屬於本公司。
(2) 王正仁先生及王可瑩女士各自於康
帝實業持有 50%股權，其全部為王氏
家族的成員及王君揚先生的表親。
(3) 張丹丹女士是王氏家族成員及王君
揚先生的姨母。
(4) 王愛兒女士是王氏家族成員及王君
揚先生的姑母。
除上文所披露者外，截至二零二四年十二月
三十一日，據董事所知，概無其他人士於股
份或相關股份中擁有權益或淡倉根據證券
及期貨條例第 XV部第 2及 3分部之條文須向
本公司披露，或記錄在本公司根據證券及期
貨條例第 336條存置的登記冊內。
(b) Substantial shareholders of other members of the Group
Name of shareholder
股東姓名╱名稱
Name of member 
of the Group
本集團成員公司名稱
Nature of interest
權益性質
Approximate 
percentage 
interest held 
by the substantial
 shareholder
主要股東持有
權益概約百分比
Kangdi Enterprise(1)(2)
康帝實業 (1)(2)
Renkang Hospital
仁康醫院
Beneficial owner
實益擁有人
15%
Ms. Zhang Dandan(1)(3)
張丹丹女士 (1)(3)
Renkang Hospital
仁康醫院
Beneficial owner
實益擁有人
15%
Ms. Wang Aier(1)(4)
王愛兒女士 (1)(4)
Renkang Hospital
仁康醫院
Beneficial owner
實益擁有人
13%
Notes:
(1) Pursuant to an entrusted management agreement, each of Kangdi Enterprise, 
Ms. Zhang Dandan and Ms. Wang Aier irrevocably vested their entire voting 
power at any general meeting of Renkang Hospital to the Company.
(2) Kangdi Enterprise is held as to 50% by Mr. Wang Zhengren and as to 50% by 
Ms. Wang Keying, all of whom are members of the Wang Family and cousins 
of Mr. Wang Junyang.
(3) Ms. Zhang Dandan is a member of the Wang Family and aunt-in-law of Mr. 
Wang Junyang.
(4) Ms. Wang Aier is a member of the Wang Family and aunt of Mr. Wang 
Junyang.
Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2024, to the knowledge of the 
Directors, no other person had, or were deemed or taken to have interest or short 
position in the Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the 
Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which 
were recorded in the registry kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the 
SFO.


===== PAGE 72 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
71
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
管理層合約
本公司並無訂立有關管理及執行本公司業
務的全部或任何重大部份的合約或於報告
期間存在該等合約。
董事及監事收購股份或債務證券的
權利
於報告期間任何時間本公司或其任何附屬
公司概無作為一方，與董事、監事或本公司
最高行政人員 （包括彼等各自之配偶或未滿
18歲之子女） 訂立任何安排，可藉收購本公
司或任何其他法人團體的股份或債券而獲益。
關連交易
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止年度，本
公司已符合香港上市規則第 14A章就關連人
士交易及持續關連人士交易之適用要求。本
集團的非豁免關連人士交易詳情如下：
A. 一次性關連交易
項目管理服務
誠如本公司日期為二零二一年六月
二十五日的公告所披露，康華醫療投
資 （本公司的全資附屬公司） 已就開發
康華 • 清溪分院 （誠如本公司日期為二
零二零年七月二十三日的公告所披露，
本集團已收購相關土地使用權） ，委聘
康華房地產開發 （由興業集團擁有80%
及由興達物業擁有 20%） 作為管理服務
供應商。主要設施的建設工程已於二
零二一年開始。根據訂約方訂立的協
議，康華醫療投資應向康華房地產開
發支付的管理費應為項目開發成本建
設部分的 2%，惟無論如何合共不得超
過人民幣 15,600,000元。
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止年
度，康華醫療投資已付康華房地產開
發項目管理費人民幣 1,509,000元。
MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or 
any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed 
during the Reporting Period.
DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR 
DEBT SECURITIES
At no time during the Reporting Period was the Company or any of its subsidiaries 
a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors, the Supervisors or chief 
executive of the Company (including their spouses or children under 18 years of 
age) to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, 
the Company or any other body corporate.
CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company had complied with the 
applicable requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules with 
respect to connected transactions and continuing connected transactions. Details 
of the Group’s non-exempt connected transactions are set out below:
A. One-off Connected Transactions
Project Management Services
As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 25 June 
2021, Kanghua Healthcare Investment (a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
the Company) has engaged Kanghua Real Estate Development (which 
is owned as to 80% by Xingye Group and 20% by Xingda Property) as 
management services provider in connection with the development of 
the Kanghua Qingxi Healthcare Complex. The underlying land use rights 
were acquired by the Group as disclosed in the announcement of the 
Company dated 23 July 2020. Construction work of the main facilities had 
commenced in 2021. Pursuant to the agreement between the parties, the 
management fee payable by Kanghua Healthcare Investment to Kanghua 
Real Estate Development shall be 2% of the construction component of 
the development cost of the project, but in any event shall not exceed 
RMB15,600,000 in aggregate.
During the year ended 31 December 2024, project management fee of 
RMB1,509,000 was paid by Kanghua Healthcare Investment to Kanghua 
Real Estate Development. 


===== PAGE 73 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
72
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
B. 持續關連交易
附註： 重續康華醫院租賃協議及仁康醫院
租賃協議各自項下截至二零二五年
十二月三十一日止三個年度的年度
上限載於本公司日期為二零二二年
十二月十六日的公告。
B. Continuing Connected Transactions
Continuing connected
 transaction under
以下各方進行的
持續關連交易
Connected
person
關連人士
Nature of the connected
 person’s interest in the
 transaction
在交易中的關連人士
權益的性質
Annual cap
 for the year ended
 31 December 2024
(Note)
(RMB million)
截至二零二四年
十二月三十一日
止年度的年度上限
（附註）
（人民幣百萬元）
Actual
 transaction value
 for the year ended
 31 December 2024
 (RMB million)
截至二零二四年
十二月三十一日
止年度的實際
交易價值
（人民幣百萬元）
The Kanghua Hospital Lease 
Agreement
康華醫院租賃協議
Kanghua Group
康華集團
The land and buildings under 
the lease are owned by 
Kanghua Group and leased to 
Kanghua Hospital
由康華集團以租賃形式擁有
及租予康華醫院的土地和  
建築物
51.3 51.1
The Renkang Hospital Lease 
Agreement
仁康醫院租賃協議
Tongli Enterprise
同力實業
The land and buildings under 
the lease are owned by Tongli 
Enterprise and leased to 
Renkang Hospital
由同力實業以租賃形式擁有
及租予仁康醫院的土地和  
建築物
9.8 9.7
Note: The renewal of annual cap under each of the Kanghua Hospital Lease 
Agreement and the Renkang Hospital Lease Agreement for the three years 
ending 31 December 2025 is set out in the announcement of the Company 
dated 16 December 2022.


===== PAGE 74 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
73
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
B. 持續關連交易
附註： 重續康華醫院租賃協議及仁康醫院
租賃協議各自項下截至二零二五年
十二月三十一日止三個年度的年度
上限載於本公司日期為二零二二年
十二月十六日的公告。
康華醫院租賃協議
於二零一六年四月十日，康華醫院 （本
公司的全資附屬公司） 與康華集團就有
關向康華集團租賃康華醫院相關的土
地及建築物訂立康華醫院租賃協議，
由二零一六年一月一日至二零二五年
十二月三十一日，為期十年。
租金
根據康華醫院租賃協議應付的租金
是參照(i) 康華醫院於年內實際使用
的建築面積 （不得少於254,896.1平方
米） ；及(ii) 每平方米每月租金釐定。
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止年
度，康華醫院實際使用的建築面積為
338,687.88平方米，而每平方米每月租
金為人民幣 12.62元。
仁康醫院租賃協議
於二零一六年四月十日，仁康醫院 （本
公司擁有 57%股權的附屬公司） 與同力
實業就有關向同力實業租賃仁康醫院
相關的土地及建築物訂立仁康醫院租
賃協議，由二零一六年一月一日至二
零二五年十二月三十一日，為期十年。
The Kanghua Hospital Lease Agreement
On 10 April 2016, Kanghua Hospital (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the 
Company), entered into the Kanghua Hospital Lease Agreement with 
Kanghua Group in relation to the lease of land and buildings underlying 
Kanghua Hospital from Kanghua Group for a term of 10 years commencing 
from 1 January 2016 to 31 December 2025.
Rent
The rent payable under the Kanghua Hospital Lease Agreement is 
determined with reference to (i) the actual GFA used by Kanghua Hospital 
during the year (which shall not be less than 254,896.1 sq.m.); and (ii) the 
monthly rental per sq.m. For the year ended 31 December 2024, the actual 
GFA used by Kanghua Hospital was 338,687.88 sq.m. and the monthly 
rental per sq.m. was RMB12.62.
The Renkang Hospital Lease Agreement
On 10 April 2016, Renkang Hospital (a 57%-owned subsidiary of the 
Company), entered into the Renkang Hospital Lease Agreement with Tongli 
Enterprise in relation to the lease of land and buildings underlying Renkang 
Hospital from Tongli Enterprise for a term of 10 years commencing from 1 
January 2016 to 31 December 2025.


===== PAGE 75 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
74
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
租金
根據仁康醫院租賃協議應付的租金是
參照 (i)仁康醫院於年內實際使用的建
築面積 （不得少於73,265.6平方米） ；及
(ii)每平方米每月租金釐定。截至二零
二四年十二月三十一日止年度，仁康
醫院實際使用的建築面積為 96,437.13
平方米，而每平方米每月租金為人民
幣 8.42元。
本公司獨立非執行董事的審閱和確認
獨立非執行董事已審閱上述持續關連
交易，並經本集團管理層審慎仔細查
詢後，確認該等交易為：
(i) 在本集團之一般及日常業務過程
中進行；
(ii) 按正常商業條款或更佳條款訂立；
及
(iii) 按照相關交易協議的條款進行，
屬公平合理，並符合股東的整體
利益。
獨立非執行董事信納已獲得及審閱足
夠資料作出上述確認。
Rent
The rent payable under the Renkang Hospital Lease Agreement is 
determined with reference to (i) the actual GFA used by Renkang Hospital 
during the year (which shall not be less than 73,265.6 sq.m.); and (ii) the 
monthly rental per sq.m. For the year ended 31 December 2024, the actual 
GFA used by Renkang Hospital was 96,437.13 sq.m. and the monthly rental 
per sq.m. was RMB8.42.
Review by and confirmation of independent non-executive Directors of the 
Company
The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the above 
continuing connected transactions, and after due and careful enquiry with 
the management of the Group, confirmed that such transactions were:
(i) carried out in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;
(ii) made on normal commercial terms or better; and
(iii) carried out according to the terms in the relevant transaction 
agreements, which are fair and reasonable, and in the interests of 
the Shareholders as a whole.
The independent non-executive Directors are satisfied that they have 
received and reviewed sufficient information to give the confirmations 
above.


===== PAGE 76 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
75
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
核數師的確認
誠如香港上市規則第 14A.56條所載的
規定，本公司核數師已向董事會書面
確認，其並未知悉導致其相信上述持
續關連交易出現以下情況的事項：
(i) 尚未獲得董事會批准；
(ii) 在任何重大方面不按照相關交易
協議進行；及
(iii) 超過年度上限。
本集團關聯方交易的詳情載於綜合財
務報表附註 34。
除本年報所披露者外，概無關聯方交
易構成根據香港上市規則第14A 章之
關連交易或持續關連交易，受公告或
獨立股東批准所規限。
購回、出售或贖回上市證券
於報告期間，本公司或其任何附屬公司概無
購買、出售或贖回本公司任何上市證券。
股票掛鈎協議
本公司於本報告期間未達成股權掛鈎協議，
於報告期末尚未有任何股權掛鈎協議。
優先購買權
章程或中國公司法並無載有優先購買權的
條文，規定本公司須按比例向現有股東發售
新股份。
上市證券持有人的稅項減免及豁免
本公司並不知悉股東因其各自持有本公司
證券而可獲得的任何稅項寬減或豁免。
Confirmation of the auditor
As to the requirement set forth in Rule 14A.56 of the Hong Kong Listing 
Rules, the auditor of the Company has written to the Board to confirm that 
it has not been aware of any matter which leads it to believe the aforesaid 
continued connected transactions:
(i) have not been approved by the Board;
(ii) are not carried out in accordance with the related transaction 
agreement in any material respects; and
(iii) exceed the annual cap.
Details of the related party transactions of the Group are set out in Note 34 
to the consolidated financial statements.
Save as disclosed in this annual report, none of the related party 
transactions constituted connected transactions or continuing connected 
transactions under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, which 
are subject to announcement or independent shareholders’ approval 
requirements.
PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES
During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries 
purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.
EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT
The Company had not entered into any equity-linked agreement during the 
Reporting Period, nor did any equity-linked agreement subsist at the end of the 
Reporting Period.
PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or the PRC 
Company Law which oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis 
to existing Shareholders.
TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION OF HOLDERS OF LISTED SECURITIES
The Company is not aware of any tax relief or exemption available to the 
Shareholders by reason of their respective holding of the Company’s securities.


===== PAGE 77 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
76
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
銀行借款
本集團於二零二四年十二月三十一日的銀
行借款詳情載於綜合財務報表附註 25。
現金管理
本集團已從金融機構購買投資產品並投資
由一間中國商業銀行發行的若干金融產品，
以此作為管理超額現金的現金管理政策的
一部分，以便於報告期在不干擾其業務運作
或資本支出的情況，取得較高的利息收入。
本集團憑藉投資於由信譽卓著的金融產品
機構發行的簡單金融產品，謹慎地平衡對利
息收入的需求以及與金融產品有關的風險。
本公司的高級管理層 （包括行政總裁及首席
財務官） 參與該等投資決定。本公司的高級
管理層定期檢討投資策略及投資組合，以保
管實現本集團的現金管理目標。提出於金融
產品的投資建議前，相關醫院或本集團旗下
公司的財務部門主管必須評估該醫院或公
司的現金流量及營運需求以及資本開支。倘
若現金流量超過其營運需求，且可獲得適當
的低風險投資機會，相關財務部門的主管會
提交投資建議予本公司的高級管理層批准。
無論投資規模如何，於任何投資產品的投資
建議必須首先經本公司的首席財務官審閱
及批准。本公司的首席財務官亦負責審閱相
關文件及與交易對手方進行磋商。首席財務
官批准建議之後，該建議亦必須由 (i)行政總
裁 （倘若投資金額超過人民幣10百萬元） ；
或 (ii)具有香港上市規則規定的適當專業資格
或會計或相關財務管理專長的執行董事及
獨立非執行董事 （倘若投資金額超過人民幣
100百萬元） 批准。
評估於金融產品的投資建議時，必須符合多
項標準，其中包括：
• 金融產品的期限一般不超過一年；
• 建議投資不得干擾我們的業務營運或
資本開支；
BANK BORROWINGS
Details of the bank borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2024 are set out 
in Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements.
CASH MANAGEMENT
As part of the cash management policy to manage excess cash, the Group had 
purchased investment products from financial institutions and invested in certain 
financial product issued by a PRC commercial bank to achieve higher interest 
income without interfering with its business operations or capital expenditures 
during the Reporting Period.
The Group carefully balances its needs for interest income and the risks 
associated with financial products by investing in simple financial products issued 
by reputable financial institutions. The Company’s senior management, including 
its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, is involved in these investment 
decisions. The Company’s senior management periodically reviews investment 
strategies and investment portfolios to ensure they achieve the Group’s cash 
management objectives. Before making a proposal to invest in financial products, 
the head of the finance department of the relevant hospital or Group company 
must assess the cash flow and operational needs and capital expenditures of 
such hospital or company. If the cash flow exceeds its operational needs and an 
appropriate low-risk investment opportunity is available, the head of the relevant 
finance department will submit the investment proposal to the Company’s 
senior management for approval. Regardless of investment size, a proposal 
to invest in any investment products must first be reviewed and approved by 
the Company’s chief financial officer, who is also responsible for reviewing the 
relevant documentation and negotiation with the counterparty. After the chief 
financial officer approves the proposal, it must also be approved by (i) the chief 
executive officer, if the investment amount exceeds RMB10 million; or (ii) the 
executive Directors and the independent non-executive Director with appropriate 
professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management 
expertise as required under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, if the investment 
amount exceeds RMB100 million.
In assessing a proposal to invest in a financial product, a number of criteria must 
be met, including:
• the term of the financial product should generally not exceed one year;
• the proposed investment must not interfere with our business operations or 
capital expenditures;


===== PAGE 78 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
77
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
• 金融產品必須由我們與之擁有長期關
係 （最好超過五年） 的聲譽卓著的銀行
發行；及
• 金融產品的投資組合一般應具有低風險。
企業管治
本公司致力於維持高水平的企業管治常規。
董事會認為，本公司於報告期間已遵守香港
上市規則附錄 C1所載企業管治守則第二部
分之所有適用守則條文。本公司採納的主要
企業管治常規載於在本年報第 81至 104頁「 企
業管治報告」 一節。
足夠的公眾持股量
根據本公司公開可獲得的資料及據董事所
深知，於本年報日期，本公司按照香港上市
規則所規定維持本公司已發行股份的公眾
持股量。
根據香港上市規則持續披露責任
本公司並無香港上市規則第13.20、13.21 及
13.22條項下的任何其他披露責任。
暫停辦理股份過戶登記
為確定出席股東週年大會及於會上投票
之權利
本公司將於二零二五年五月十九日 （星期一）
至二零二五年六月十八日 （星期三） （包括首
尾兩天） 暫停辦理股份過戶登記，期間不會
辦理股份過戶登記手續。為確定股東享有出
席股東週年大會及於會上投票之權利，所有
股份過戶文件連同相關股票必須於二零二五
年五月十六日 （星期五） 下午四時三十分前
交回本公司之 H股股份過戶登記處香港中央
證券登記有限公司，地址為香港灣仔皇后大
道東 183號合和中心 17樓 1712–1716號舖。
• the financial product must be issued by a reputable bank with which we 
have a long-term relationship, preferably exceeding five years; and
• the investment portfolio of the financial product should generally bear low 
risk.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate 
governance practices. The Board is of the opinion that the Company has 
complied with all the applicable code provisions contained in part 2 of the 
Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong 
Listing Rules throughout the Reporting Period. Principal corporate governance 
practices adopted by the Company are set out in the section headed “Corporate 
Governance Report” on pages 81 to 104 of this annual report.
SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and to the best 
of the Directors’ knowledge, as at the date of this annual report, the Company 
had maintained the public float of the issued Shares as required under the Hong 
Kong Listing Rules.
CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE HONG 
KONG LISTING RULES
The Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 
13.21 and 13.22 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
CLOSURE OF THE REGISTER OF MEMBERS
For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM
The register of members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 19 May 
2025 to Wednesday, 18 June 2025, both days inclusive, during which period 
no transfer of Shares will be effected. In order to determine the identity of the 
Shareholders who are entitled to attend and vote at the AGM, all share transfer 
documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with 
the Company’s H Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services 
Limited at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, 
Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 16 May 2025.


===== PAGE 79 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
78
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
For determining the entitlement to the proposed final dividend
The Board proposes a final dividend of RMB15 cents per Share (inclusive of 
applicable tax) for the year ended 31 December 2024. The dividend proposal 
will be submitted for consideration at the AGM. If such proposed dividend 
distribution is approved by the shareholders, the final dividend will be distributed 
to those Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the 
Company on Friday, 27 June 2025. The register of members of H Shares of the 
Company will be closed from Wednesday, 25 June 2025 to Friday, 27 June 2025, 
both days inclusive, during which no transfer of H Shares will be registered. In 
order to qualify for the entitlement to the final dividend, all transfer instruments 
of the H Shares together with the relevant share certificates shall be lodged 
with the Company’s H Shares registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor 
Services Limited at Shops 1712–16, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road 
East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, before 4:30 p.m., on Tuesday, 24 June 2025 for 
registration.
IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
On 9 January 2025, the Company entered into a sale and purchase Agreement 
with an independent third party, Beijing Pantheon Health Management Co., Ltd.* 
for the disposal of 55% equity interest in Kangxin Hospital at a consideration of 
RMB34.9 million. The disposal was later completed on 8 February 2025. Kangxin 
Hospital ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company and the financial results of 
Kangxin Hospital will no longer be consolidated into those of the Company. The 
Company will account for its remaining 45% equity interest in Kangxin Hospital as 
an interest in associate under equity method. The Group will lease the land and 
building of Chongqing Kanghua Property to Kangxin Hospital for its operations. 
The Company is still in the progress of preparing the initial accounting for the 
disposal up to the date of this annual report. Details of the above contractual 
arrangements are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 9 January 
2025.
Save as disclosed in the above, there are no important events after the Reporting 
Period and up to the date of this annual report.
為確定享有建議末期股息之權利
董事會建議派發截至二零二四年十二月
三十一日止年度末期股息每股人民幣 15分（ 包
括適用稅項） 。股息建議將提交股東週年大
會供審議。 倘有關建議股息分派獲股東批准，
末期股息將分派予於二零二五年六月二十七
日 （星期五） 名列本公司股東名冊的股東。
本公司將於二零二五年六月二十五日 （星期
三） 至二零二五年六月二十七日 （星期五） （包
括首尾兩天） 期間暫停辦理H股過戶登記，
在此期間暫停 H股股份過戶登記。為合資格
收取末期股息，所有 H股股份過戶文件連同
相關股票須於二零二五年六月二十四日 （星
期二） 下午四時三十分前送達本公司H股證
券登記處香港中央證券登記有限公司 （地址
為香港灣仔皇后大道東 183號合和中心 17樓
1712–16號舖） 辦理登記手續。
報告期後的重要事項
於二零二五年一月九日，本公司與獨立第三
方北京鉑頌健康管理有限公司就出售康心
醫院 55%股權訂立買賣協議，代價為人民幣
34.9百萬元。出售事項其後於二零二五年二
月八日完成。康心醫院不再為本公司的附屬
公司，康心醫院的財務業績將不再綜合入賬
本公司的財務業績。本公司將以權益法將其
於康心醫院的餘下 45%股權入賬列作聯營公
司的權益。本集團將重慶康華物業的土地及
樓宇租賃予康心醫院作營運之用。截至本年
報日期，本公司仍在為出售事項進行初步會
計編製。上述合約安排的詳情載於本公司日
期為二零二五年一月九日的公告。
除上文所披露者外，從報告期後截至本年報
日期期間並沒有發生重要事項。


===== PAGE 80 =====
Report of the Board
董事會報告
79
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
核數師
如本公司日期為二零二三年二月三日的公
告所披露，安永會計師事務所 （ 「安永」 ） 已辭
任本公司核數師，自二零二三年二月三日起
生效，而天職已獲委任為本公司核數師，自
二零二三年二月三日起生效，以填補安永辭
任之空缺。 德勤• 關黃陳方會計師行 （ 「德勤」 ）
已辭任本公司核數師，自二零二一年十二月
三十一日起生效，而安永已獲委任為本公司
核數師，自二零二二年一月三日起生效，以
填補德勤辭任之空缺。
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止年度的
綜合財務報表已經由天職審核。本公司將於
即將舉行之股東週年大會提呈續聘天職為
本公司核數師之決議案。
除上文所披露者外，本公司於過往三年並無
變更其核數師。
代表董事會
王君揚
主席
中國，東莞
二零二五年三月三十一日
AUDITOR
As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 3 February 2023, Ernst 
& Young (“EY”) has resigned as the auditor of the Company with effect from 3 
February 2023 and Bakertilly has been appointed as the auditor of the Company 
with effect from 3 February 2023 to fill the vacancy following the resignation of EY. 
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (“Deloitte”) has resigned as the auditor of the Company 
with effect from 31 December 2021 and EY has been appointed as the auditor 
of the Company with effect from 3 January 2022 to fill the vacancy following the 
resignation of Deloitte.
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 
have been audited by Bakertilly. A resolution will be submitted to the forthcoming 
annual general meeting of the Company to reappoint Bakertilly as auditor of the 
Company.
Save as disclosed above, the Company has not changed its auditor during any of 
the past three years.
For and on behalf of the Board
Wang Junyang
Chairman
Dongguan, the PRC
31 March 2025


===== PAGE 81 =====
Report of the Supervisory Committee
監事會報告
80
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
致股東：
監事會按照有關法律和法規及章程的規定，
按照誠信原則開展工作，發揮積極作用，認
真履行職責，保護本公司及股東的權益。
於報告期間，監事會審慎地審閱本公司的經
營及發展規劃，並向董事會提供合理的建議
和意見，另嚴格及有效地監控和監督本公司
的管理層制定重大政策和決定，確保其符合
中國的法律和法規及章程，並符合股東的利
益。
我們已審閱並同意董事會於股東週年大會
上提呈的董事會報告及經審核的財務報表。
我們認為，本公司董事、行政總裁及其他高
級管理層能夠嚴格遵守誠信責任，認真履行
職責，按照符合本公司的最佳利益忠誠地行
使其授權，及按照章程辦事。我們正在目睹
更好的運作和內部控制。
截至本報告批准之日，本公司董事、行政總
裁及高級管理層成員均未被發現濫用其授權，
損害本公司的利益或侵害股東的權利。概無
發現上述人士違反任何法律及法規或章程。
監事會對於報告期間本公司的成就和成本
效益感到滿意，對本公司的未來前景充滿信
心。
代表監事會
陳少明
主席
中國，東莞
二零二五年三月三十一日
To the Shareholders:
The Supervisory Committee, in compliance with the relevant laws and regulations 
and the Articles, has conducted its work in accordance with the fiduciary principle, 
and has taken up an active role to work seriously and with diligence to protect the 
interests of the Company and the Shareholders.
During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee had reviewed cautiously 
the operation and development plans of the Company and provided reasonable 
suggestions and opinions to the Board. It also strictly and effectively monitored 
and supervised the Company’s management in making significant policies and 
decisions to ensure that they were in compliance with the laws and regulations of 
the PRC and the Articles, and in the interests of the Shareholders.
We have reviewed and agreed to the Report of the Board and audited 
consolidated financial statements proposed by the Board for presentation at the 
AGM. We are of the opinion that the Directors and the chief executive and other 
senior management of the Company are able to strictly observe their fiduciary 
duties, to act diligently, to exercise their authority faithfully in the best interests 
of the Company and to work in accordance with the Articles. We are witnessing 
better operations and internal controls.
Up to the date of approval of this report, none of the Directors and chief executive 
and senior management members of the Company had been found to have 
abused their authority, damaged the interests of the Company or infringed upon 
the interests of the Shareholders. None of them was found to be in breach of any 
laws and regulations or the Articles. The Supervisory Committee is satisfied with 
the achievement and cost effectiveness of the Company during the Reporting 
Period and has great confidence in the future prospects of the Company.
For and on behalf of the Supervisory Committee
Chen Shaoming
Chairman
Dongguan, the PRC
31 March 2025


===== PAGE 82 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
81
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
董事會欣然提呈截至二零二四年十二月
三十一日止年度的本企業管治報告。董事
會認為，本公司於截至二零二四年十二月
三十一日止年度已遵守香港上市規則附錄
C1所載的企業管治守則第二部分載列的所
有守則條文。
董事會致力推動良好的企業管治，以保障股
東的利益，亦相信維持高水平的企業管治乃
本公司的成功要素，有助建立高度問責及透
明的常規，以達致本集團各利益相關者的期
望。本公司將繼續審閱及提升其企業管治，
確保其繼續符合企業管治守則的適用規定。
公司文化
董事會認為，企業文化是本集團長期業務、
經濟成就及可持續增長的基石。深厚的文化
使本公司能夠實現長期可持續增長表現，履
行其作為負責任企業公民的職責。本公司旨
在打造強有力的組織文化，通過多個員工職
能及活動培養員工歸屬感。本集團相信，營
造健康和諧的工作環境將長期提高員工士
氣及生產力。
董事會制定並推廣企業文化，以期及要求所
有僱員加強意識。我們的所有新僱員均須參
加入職培訓及培訓計劃，以便彼等更好地了
解我們的企業文化、結構及政策，學習相關
法律法規， 以及提高彼等的質素意識。 此外，
本公司亦將不時邀請外部專家為我們的管
理人員提供培訓，以提升其相關知識及管理
技能。
The Board is pleased to present this Corporate Governance Report for the year 
ended 31 December 2024. The Board is of the opinion that the Company has 
complied with all applicable code provisions contained in part 2 of the CG Code 
as set out in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules throughout the year 
ended 31 December 2024.
The Board is committed to promoting good corporate governance to safeguard 
the interests of the Shareholders and believes that maintaining a high standard 
of corporate governance is essential to the success of the Company and would 
provide a practice enhancing greater accountability and transparency and 
meeting the expectations of the Group’s stakeholders. The Company will continue 
to review and enhance its corporate governance to ensure that it will continue to 
meet the applicable requirements of the CG Code.
COMPANY’S CULTURE
The Board believes that corporate culture underpins the long-term business, 
economic success and sustainable growth of the Group. A strong culture enables 
the Company to deliver long-term sustainable performance and fulfil its role as a 
responsible corporate citizen. The Company aims to build a strong organisational 
culture to cultivate a sense of belonging among its staff through various staff 
functions and events. The Group believes that the creation of a healthy and 
harmonious working environment will improve staff morale and productivity in the 
long term.
The Board sets and promotes corporate culture and expects and requires 
all employees to reinforce. All of our new employees are required to attend 
orientation and training programs so that they may better understand our 
corporate culture, structure and policies, learn relevant laws and regulations, 
and raise their quality awareness. In addition, from time to time, the Company 
will invite external experts to provide training to our management personnel to 
improve their relevant knowledge and management skills.


===== PAGE 83 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
82
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
本集團為中國領先的醫療運營商，致力於提
供優質、以患者為中心的創新醫療服務。董
事會為本集團的企業文化立定方向，該方向
乃以在業務全方面依法行事、遵從道德及負
責任的核心原則為基礎。董事會亦已確定本
集團的宗旨、價值觀及戰略方向，並打造涵
蓋前瞻性願景、 變遷準備及競爭優勢的文化。
董事會確保理想文化能夠在本集團的營運
實踐、員工政策及實踐以及持份者關係中始
終貫徹及體現。董事會通過多種措施及手段
對本集團文化進行長期監測及評估，如：
－ 員工參與：董事會通過定期交流、反
饋及認可與本集團的員工溝通，並為
彼等的專業發展、職業發展及賦權提
供支持。
－ 僱員挽留及培訓：董事會重視本集團
僱員的才能及專業知識，並通過提供
具競爭力的薪酬、福利及培訓機會，
努力挽留及吸引表現出色及積極進取
的員工。
－ 嚴格的財務報告：董事會監督本集團
的財務表現及申報情況，確保本集團
於財務完整性、透明度及問責性方面
保持高標準。
－ 有效及方便的舉報框架：董事會鼓勵
並保護對本集團內任何不端行為、瀆
職行為或不法行為的舉報，並為僱員
及其他持份者提供明確及保密的舉報
機制，使彼等能夠提出疑慮而毋需害
怕遭受報復。
The Group is a leading healthcare operator in the PRC, committed to providing 
high-quality, patient-centred and innovative medical services. The Board sets the 
tone for the corporate culture of the Group, which is based on the core principles 
of acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly in all aspects of its business. The 
Board also defines the purpose, values and strategic direction of the Group, 
and fosters a culture that embraces forward-looking vision, change readiness 
and competitive edge. The Board ensures that the desired culture is embedded 
and reflected consistently in the Group’s operating practices, workplace policies 
and practices, and stakeholder relations. The Board monitors and evaluates the 
culture of the Group through various measures and tools over time, such as:
– Workforce engagement: The Board engages with the employees of 
the Group through regular communication, feedback and recognition, 
and supports their professional development, career progression and 
empowerment.
– Employee retention and training: The Board values the talent and expertise 
of the Group’s employees, and strives to retain and attract high-performing 
and motivated staff by offering competitive remuneration, benefits and 
training opportunities.
– Stringent financial reporting: The Board oversees the financial performance 
and reporting of the Group, and ensures that the Group maintains high 
standards of financial integrity, transparency and accountability.
– Effective and accessible whistleblowing framework: The Board encourages 
and protects the reporting of any misconduct, malpractice or wrongdoing 
within the Group, and provides a clear and confidential whistleblowing 
mechanism for employees and other stakeholders to raise their concerns 
without fear of retaliation.


===== PAGE 84 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
83
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
－ 法律及監管合規：董事會確保本集團
遵守中國及其他司法權區的所有適用
法律法規，並遵守規範其道德及責任
行為的行為守則及本集團政策。
－ 員工安全、福祉及支援：董事會優先
考慮本集團僱員的安全、福祉及支援，
尤其是在COVID-19 疫情期間，並為彼
等提供充足的防護設備、體檢、諮詢
及援助。
經考慮多種情況下的企業文化，董事會認為
該企業文化與本集團的宗旨、價值觀及戰略
一致，並為其長期成功及可持續發展提供支
持。
董事會
董事會組成
董事會目前由八名董事組成，其中包括四名
為執行董事、一名為非執行董事及三名為獨
立非執行董事。
執行董事
王君揚先生（主席）
陳旺枝先生（行政總裁）
王偉雄先生（副主席）
王愛勤女士
非執行董事
呂玉波先生
獨立非執行董事
楊銘澧先生
陳可冀醫生
陳星能先生
– Legal and regulatory compliance: The Board ensures that the Group 
complies with all applicable laws and regulations in the PRC and other 
jurisdictions where it operates, and adheres to the Code of Conduct and 
group policies that govern its ethical and responsible behaviour.
– Staff safety, wellbeing and support: The Board prioritises the safety, 
wellbeing and support of the Group’s employees, especially during 
the COVID-19 pandemic, and provides them with adequate protective 
equipment, health screening, counselling and assistance.
By taking into account the corporate culture in various contexts, the Board 
believes that the culture is aligned with the purpose, values and strategy of the 
Group, and supports its long-term success and sustainability.
THE BOARD
Board Composition
The Board currently comprises eight Directors, including four executive Directors, 
one non-executive Director and three independent non-executive Directors.
Executive Directors
Mr. Wang Junyang (Chairman)
Mr. Chen Wangzhi (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Wong Wai Hung (Vice Chairman)
Ms. Wang Aiqin
Non-executive Director
Mr. Lv Yubo
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Yeung Ming Lai
Dr. Chen Keji
Mr. Chan Sing Nun


===== PAGE 85 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
84
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
董事履歷簡介詳情載於本年報第154 至 165
頁 「董事、監事及高級管理層」 一節。董事會
獲賦予本公司營運的整體管理和監督以及
制定整體業務策略的功能。
於報告期間及直至本年報日期，董事會已符
合香港上市規則第3.10 及 3.10A條規則的規
定，即有關委任至少三名獨立非執行董事中
至少有一名獨立非執行董事擁有適當專業
資格或會計或相關財務管理專長，以及獨立
非執行董事至少佔董事會三分之一的規定。
本公司已根據香港上市規則的規定，接獲每
名獨立非執行董事發出獨立性的年度確認書。
本公司認為，每名獨立非執行董事均按照香
港上市規則第 3.13條所載的獨立性指引被視
為獨立。
所有董事 （包括獨立非執行董事） 為董事會
帶來廣泛的寶貴業務經驗、 知識及專業素養，
以實現高效率和有效運作。獨立非執行董事
獲邀加入審核委員會、提名委員會及薪酬委
員會。
企業管治守則規定，董事向本公司披露於上
市公司或機構所持職位的數量和性質，以及
其他重大承諾，以至其身份及涉及的時間。
董事已同意及時向本公司披露他們的其他
承諾。
The brief biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed 
“Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” on pages 154 to 165 of this 
annual report. The overall management and supervision of the Company’s 
operation and the function of formulating overall business strategies were vested 
in the Board.
During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, the Board 
has met the requirements of Rules 3.10 and 3.10A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules 
relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors 
with at least one independent non-executive Director possessing appropriate 
professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management 
expertise and the requirement that the independent non-executive Directors 
represent at least one-third of the Board.
The Company has received annual confirmation on independence from each 
independent non-executive Director pursuant to the requirements under the Hong 
Kong Listing Rules. The Company considers that each independent non-executive 
Director is independent in accordance with the independence guidelines as set 
out in Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide 
spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to 
the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. Independent non-executive 
Directors are invited to serve on the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee 
and the Remuneration Committee.
The CG Code requires the Directors to disclose to the Company the number and 
nature of offices held in public companies or organisations and other significant 
commitments as well as their identities and the time involved. The Directors have 
agreed to disclose to the Company their other commitments in a timely manner.


===== PAGE 86 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
85
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
董事會獨立性
本公司深明董事會獨立性是良好企業管治
的關鍵。本集團已建立有效的機制，以鞏固
獨立董事會及獨立意見。現時董事會 （包括
三分之一以上的獨立非執行董事） 及審核委
員會成員 （由全體獨立非執行董事組成） 的
組成超出上市規則下的獨立性規定。提名委
員會、薪酬委員會及審核委員會均由至少三
分之二的獨立非執行董事擔任。獨立非執行
董事的薪酬須進行定期檢討，以維持競爭力
及與彼等的職責及工作量相稱。各獨立非執
行董事的獨立性乃於其獲委任時及按年評估。
董事須就董事會於董事會會議上審議的任何
建議或交易申報其直接或間接利益 （如有） ，
並於適當情況下放棄投贊成票。如有需要，
全體董事 （包括獨立非執行董事） 均可獲得
外部獨立專業意見。獨立非執行董事一貫表
現出堅定的承諾及能力，並投入足夠時間履
行其董事會職責。
本公司亦透過正式及非正式的方式建立多
個渠道，使獨立非執行董事能夠公開表達意
見，並於必要時以保密方式表達意見。有關
機制的執行情況及有效性會按年檢討，以確
保董事會可獲得獨立意見及建議。
主席及行政總裁
王君揚先生為執行董事兼董事會主席。陳旺
枝先生為執行董事兼本公司行政總裁。黃偉
恒先生為本公司高級管理層成員及首席財
務官。三人的角色均獨立分開。
董事與行政總裁之間的關係
本公司若干董事及行政總裁為王氏家族成員。
有關詳情，請參閱本年報第 154至 165頁「 董
事、監事及高級管理層」 一節。
Board Independence
The Company recognizes that Board independence is key to good corporate 
governance. The Company has in place effective mechanisms that underpin an 
independent Board and those independent views. The current composition of the 
Board, comprising more than one third of independent non-executive Directors 
and the members of the Audit Committee are all independent non-executive 
Directors which exceed the independence requirements under the Listing Rules. 
The Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee and Audit Committee 
all comprising at least two-thirds by independent non-executive Directors. The 
remuneration of independent non-executive Directors is subject to a regular 
review to maintain competitiveness and commensurate with their responsibilities 
and workload. The independence of each independent non-executive Director is 
assessed upon his/her appointment and annually.
Directors are requested to declare their direct or indirect interests, if any, in 
proposals or transactions to be considered by the Board at the Board meetings 
and abstain from voting, where appropriate. External independent professional 
advice is available to all Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, 
whenever deemed necessary. The independent non-executive Directors have 
consistently demonstrated strong commitment and the ability to devote sufficient 
time to discharge their responsibilities at the Board.
The Company has also established channels through formal and informal means 
whereby independent non-executive Directors can express their views in an 
open manner, and in a confidential manner, should circumstances requires. The 
implementation and effectiveness mechanism to ensure independent views and 
input are available to the Board is reviewed annually.
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
Mr. Wang Junyang is an executive Director and the chairman of the Board. Mr. 
Chen Wangzhi is an executive Director and the chief executive officer of the 
Company. Mr. Wong Wai Hang Ricky is a senior management member and the 
chief financial officer of the Company. The three of them have separate roles.
Relationship between Directors and Chief Executive
Certain Directors and the chief executive officer of the Company are members of 
the Wang Family. Please refer to the section headed “Directors, Supervisors and 
Senior Management” on pages 154 to 165 of this annual report for details.


===== PAGE 87 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
86
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
董事會的角色和職能及轉授
董事會對本公司業務的管理和行為負責並
具有一般權力。在董事會制定的控制權限和
權限框架內，將本公司日常管理委託給本公
司的執行董事和高級管理層。董事會定期審
閱轉授的職能和職責。
董事會保留對本公司所有重大事項的決策，
包括：審批及監督所有政策事項、總體策略
及預算、內部控制和風險管理體系、重大交
易 （特別是可能涉及利益衝突的事項） 、財
務資料、任命董事及其他重大財務及營運事
項的建議。詳情請參閱章程。
此外，董事會亦向審核委員會、提名委員會
和薪酬委員會轉授各自的職權範圍內所載
的各項職責。這些委員會的進一步詳情載於
本企業管治報告。
所有董事應確保按照適用的法律和法規真
誠地履行職務，並始終以本公司及股東的利
益為依歸。
本公司已安排適當的責任保險，就向董事採
取的法律行動彌償董事。
董事、監事及行政總裁資料的變更
除本年報所披露者外，自本公司之二零二四
年中期報告日期以來，根據香港上市規則第
13.51B(1)條，概無資料變更須予披露。
ROLE AND FUNCTION OF AND DELEGATION BY THE BOARD
The Board is responsible for and has general powers for the management and 
conduct of the business of the Company. It delegates day-to-day management 
of the Company to the executive Directors and the senior management of the 
Company within the control and the authority framework set by the Board. The 
delegated functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed by the Board.
The Board reserves its decision on all major matters of the Company, including: 
approval and monitoring of all policy matters, overall strategies and budgets, 
internal control and risk management systems, material transactions (in particular 
those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information, recommendation 
for appointment of Directors and other significant financial and operational 
matters. For details, please refer to the Articles.
In addition, the Board has also delegated to the Audit Committee, the Nomination 
Committee and the Remuneration Committee various responsibilities as set out in 
their respective terms of reference. Further details of these committees are set out 
in this corporate governance report.
All Directors shall ensure that they carry out duties in good faith, in compliance 
with applicable laws and regulations, and in the interests of the Company and 
the Shareholders at all times.
The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance to indemnify its 
Directors in respect of legal actions against them.
CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE
Save as disclosed in this annual report, there has been no change in information 
required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules 
since the date of the 2024 interim report of the Company.


===== PAGE 88 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
87
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
入職指導及持續專業發展
每位新委任董事均將在首次獲委任時接受
正式、全面及專門為其而設之入職介紹，以
確保其對本公司之業務及運作有適當之了
解，以及全面知悉在香港上市規則及相關法
定規定下董事之責任及義務。
董事將持續獲得有關法律和監管機制以及
業務環境的最新消息，以協助彼等履行其職
責。本公司亦鼓勵董事參與持續專業發展，
以提高及更新彼等的知識及技能。本公司的
聯席公司秘書不時向董事提供有關香港上
市規則及其他適用監管固定之最新進展，以
確保本公司遵守有關規定，及加強董事對良
好企業管治常規的意識。
於報告期間，所有董事 （即王君揚先生、陳
旺枝先生、王偉雄先生、王愛勤女士、呂玉
波先生、楊銘澧先生、陳可冀醫生及陳星能
先生） 均已參加了持續性職業培訓，就為董
事會作出貢獻提升及更新其知識及技能。
董事透過 （其中包括） 以下方式不斷發展及
更新知識及技能：
• 參與本公司及╱或專業機構及╱或律
師舉辦及╱或安排有關 （其中包括） 企
業管治、董事職責及法律與規管變動
之持續專業培訓講座及╱或研討會
及╱或課程及╱或工作坊；
• 本公司不時向董事提供有關法律及規
管變動，以及董事履行其職責之相關
事宜之閱讀資料；及
• 閱覽有關法律及規管變動，以及董事
履行其職責之相關事宜之新聞、期刊、
雜誌及╱或其他閱讀資料。
INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Each newly appointed Director shall receive formal, comprehensive and 
tailored induction on the first occasion of his appointment to ensure appropriate 
understanding of the business and operations of the Company and full 
awareness of director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Hong Kong 
Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.
Directors will be continuously updated on the statutory and regulatory regime 
and the business environment to facilitate the discharge of their responsibilities. 
Directors are also encouraged to participate in continuous professional 
development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. The joint 
company secretaries of the Company update the Directors on the latest 
developments regarding the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other applicable 
regulatory requirements from time to time, to ensure compliance and enhance 
their awareness of good corporate governance practices.
During the Reporting Period, all Directors, namely Mr. Wang Junyang, Mr. Chen 
Wangzhi, Mr. Wong Wai Hung, Ms. Wang Aiqin, Mr. Lv Yubo, Mr. Yeung Ming Lai, 
Dr. Chen Keji and Mr. Chan Sing Nun, had participated in continuous professional 
training to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills in relation to their 
contribution to the Board.
Directors’ knowledge and skills are continuously developed and refreshed by, 
inter alia, the following means:
• participation in continuous professional training seminars and/or 
conferences and/or courses and/or workshops on subjects relating to, 
inter alia, corporate governance, directors’ duties and legal and regulatory 
changes organised and/or arranged by the Company and/or professional 
bodies and/or lawyers;
• reading materials provided from time to time by the Company to Directors 
regarding legal and regulatory changes and matters of relevance to the 
Directors in the discharge of their duties; and
• reading news, journals, magazines and/or other reading materials 
regarding legal and regulatory changes and matters of relevance to the 
Directors in the discharge of their duties.


===== PAGE 89 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
88
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
標準守則的合規
本公司已採納標準守則作為本公司董事和
監事進行證券交易的行為守則。經向所有董
事及監事作出具體查詢後，在報告期間，已
遵守標準守則規定的所需標準。凡已經或可
能管有未發佈有關本公司或股份內幕信息
的僱員， 一概不得於禁止交易期間買賣股份。
董事服務合約
每名董事均與本公司訂立初始為期三年的服
務合約。根據這些服務合約，每名董事的任
期為：(a) 由其各自的任命獲股東批准之日起
計三年；及(b)根據各自的條款終止的情況下。
服務合約可按照章程及適用法律、法規或條
例予以重續。
概無董事及監事與本公司已訂立或建議訂
立任何服務合約，而本公司不可於一年內毋
須支付賠償 （法定賠償除外） 可予終止。
董事會會議及股東大會
本公司根據企業管治守則的守則條文第 C.5.1
條，每年大概以季度計至少召開四次董事會
會議。董事會全體會議的通知將不少於十四
天向所有董事提供，讓他們有機會按照企業
管治守則的守則條文第 C.5.3條出席定期會
議及把事項納入議程內。
所有董事在董事會會議之前均事先獲提供
議程和相關資料。他們隨時可以接觸本公司
的高級管理層和聯席公司秘書，並經提出合
理要求後，可尋求獨立專業意見，費用由本
公司承擔。
COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE
The Company has adopted the Model Code as a code of conduct of the 
Company for Directors’ and Supervisors’ securities transactions. Having made 
specific enquiry of all Directors and Supervisors, the Directors and the Supervisors 
have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code during 
the Reporting Period. Employees who are, or likely to be, in possession of 
unpublished inside information in relation to the Company or the Shares are 
prohibited from dealing in the Shares during the black-out period.
DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
Each of the Directors entered into a service contract with the Company for an 
initial term of three years. According to these service contracts, each Director’s 
term of office (a) three years commencing from the date when their respective 
appointments were approved by the Shareholders; and (b) subject to termination 
in accordance with their respective terms. The service contracts may be renewed 
in accordance with the Articles and applicable laws, rules or regulations.
None of the Directors or the Supervisors has entered or is proposed to enter 
into any service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the 
Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory 
compensation.
BOARD MEETINGS AND GENERAL MEETINGS
The Company has adopted the practice of holding Board meetings for at least 
four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals pursuant to code provision 
C.5.1 of the CG Code. Notice of not less than fourteen days are given for all 
regular Board meetings to provide all Directors with an opportunity to attend and 
include matters in the agenda for a regular meeting pursuant to code provision 
C.5.3 of the CG Code.
All Directors are provided with agenda and relevant information in advance 
before a Board meeting. They have access to the senior management and the 
joint company secretaries of the Company at all times and, upon reasonable 
request, may seek independent professional advice at the Company’s expense.


===== PAGE 90 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
89
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
董事會秘書負責保存董事會會議記錄，副本
分發給所有董事傳閱以作參考及記錄。董事
會及委員會的會議記錄載列董事會及委員
會考慮事項的詳盡細節，包括董事提出的任
何疑慮。董事會會議記錄草案在召開會議之
日期後一段合理時間內發送董事以供批註。
董事會會議記錄可供董事查閱。
於報告期間，董事會召開四次會議。董事出
席記錄概要載於下表：
於報告期間，本公司於二零二四年六月
二十六日召開一次股東週年大會。所有董事
均出席股東週年大會。
於報告期間，主席與獨立非執行董事舉行一
次無其他董事出席的會議。
Minutes of Board meetings are kept by the secretary to the Board with copies 
circulated to all Directors for information and records. Minutes of Board meetings 
and committee meetings record sufficient detail of the matters considered by the 
Board and the committees and the decisions reached, including any concerns 
raised by the Directors. Draft minutes of Board Meetings and committee meetings 
are sent to the Directors for comments within a reasonable time after the date 
on which a meeting is held. The minutes of the Board meetings are open for 
inspection by Directors.
During the Reporting Period, the Board convened four meetings. A summary of 
the attendance record of the Directors is set out in the table below:
Name of Directors 董事姓名
Number of meetings attended/eligible to 
attend during the year ended 31 December 2024
於截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止年度期間
出席╱可出席會議次數
Attendance rate
出席率
Executive Directors 執行董事
Mr. Wang Junyang (Chairman) 王君揚先生（主席） 4/4 100%
Mr. Chen Wangzhi (Chief Executive Officer) 陳旺枝先生（行政總裁） 4/4 100%
Mr. Wong Wai Hung (Vice Chairman) 王偉雄先生（副主席） 4/4 100%
Ms. Wang Aiqin 王愛勤女士 4/4 100%
Non-executive Director 非執行董事
Mr. Lv Yubo 呂玉波先生 4/4 100%
Independent Non-executive Directors 獨立非執行董事
Mr. Yeung Ming Lai 楊銘澧先生 4/4 100%
Dr. Chen Keji 陳可冀醫生 4/4 100%
Mr. Chan Sing Nun 陳星能先生 4/4 100%
During the Reporting Period, the Company convened one annual general 
meeting on 26 June 2024. All Directors attended the annual general meeting.
During the Reporting Period, the Chairman held a meeting with independent non-
executive directors without presence of other directors.


===== PAGE 91 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
90
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
董事會轄下的委員會
董事會下設三個委員會，即審核委員會、提
名委員會及薪酬委員會，負責處理董事會及
本公司的指定事務。本公司董事會轄下的所
有委員會按照既定書面職權範圍 （已上載到
香港聯交所及本公司各自的網站） 設立，並
為其提供足夠資源，讓其履行職責。
審核委員會
本公司按照香港上市規則第 3.21條及第 3.22
條的規定設立審核委員會，書面職權範圍符
合企業管治守則及董事會轉授審核委員會
的角色及職責。審核委員會主要負責審議有
關委任外部核數師及其獨立性的事項；審閱
本集團的財務資料及監督本集團的財務報
告制度、風險管理和內部控制程序；監督本
公司的內部審核制度及其實施情況；審查關
聯交易及其遵守有關條款和法則；於向董事
會提呈以供批准前，審閱本集團的中期和年
度業績；以及董事會授權其處理的其他事項。
審核委員會由三名獨立非執行董事組成，即
陳星能先生 （審核委員會主席） 、楊銘澧先
生及陳可冀醫生。
BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has established three committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the 
Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee, to handle particular 
responsibilities of the Board and the Company’s affairs. All Board committees of 
the Company are established with defined written terms of reference that have 
been uploaded to the respective websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and 
the Company, and are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties.
AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company established the Audit Committee in compliance with Rules 3.21 
and 3.22 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules with written terms of reference in 
compliance with the CG Code and the roles and responsibilities delegated to 
the Audit Committee by the Board. The Audit Committee is primarily responsible 
for considering issues relating to the appointment of external auditor and their 
independence; reviewing the Group’s financial information and overseeing 
the Group’s financial reporting system, risk management and internal 
control procedures; supervising the Company’s internal audit system and its 
implementation; reviewing connected transactions and their compliance with the 
relevant terms and rules; reviewing the interim and annual results of the Group 
prior to recommending them to the Board for approval; and other matters that the 
Board has authorised it to deal with.
The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors, Mr. 
Chan Sing Nun (chairman of the Audit Committee), Mr. Yeung Ming Lai and Dr. 
Chen Keji.


===== PAGE 92 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
91
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
於報告期間，審核委員會召開四次會議。於
會上，審核委員會已審閱本集團截至二零
二三年十二月三十一日止年度之年度業績公
告及年度報告、本集團截至二零二四年六月
三十日止六個月之中期業績公告及中期報告，
審議有關外部核數師及其獨立性及委任的事
項，有關審核本集團截至二零二四年十二月
三十一日止年度綜合財務報表的事宜，以及
風險管理及內部監控程序、審閱關連交易及
允許僱員就可能的不當行為提出關注的安排，
並向董事會作出建議。審核委員會成員出席
記錄概要載於下表：
提名委員會
本公司設立提名委員會，書面職權範圍遵照
企業管治守則的規定，以及董事會轉授提名
委員會的角色和職責。提名委員會主要負責
編製本公司董事及高級管理層候選人的輪選
程序及準則，並對其資格和資質進行初步審
查，包括按照本公司的經營業績、資產及持
股架構，向董事會建議其規模及組成；審閱
確定董事和本公司行政總裁候選人的輪選程
序及準則，並向董事會提出建議；就董事及
行政總裁物色合資格候選人；審閱董事及行
政總裁候選人並提出建議；審閱董事會需要
議決的其他高級管理人員候選人並提出建議，
以及董事會授權其處理的其他事項。
提名委員會包括一名執行董事王君揚先生 （提
名委員會主席） 及兩名獨立非執行董事楊銘
澧先生及陳可冀醫生組成。
During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held four meetings. At the 
meetings, the Audit Committee reviewed the annual results announcement and 
annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023, the interim 
results announcement and interim report of the Group for the six months ended 
30 June 2024, considering issues relating to the external auditor and their 
independence and appointment, matters relating to the audit of the Group’s 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024, as well 
as the risk management and internal control procedures, reviewed connected 
transactions and the arrangements that allow employees to raise concerns about 
the possible misconduct and made suggestions to the Board. A summary of the 
attendance record of the Audit Committee members is set out in the table below:
Name of committee member 委員會成員姓名
Number of meetings attended/eligible to
attend during the year ended 31 December 2024
於截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止年度期間
出席╱可出席會議次數
Attendance rate
出席率
Mr. Yeung Ming Lai 楊銘澧先生 4/4 100%
Dr. Chen Keji 陳可冀醫生 4/4 100%
Mr. Chan Sing Nun 陳星能先生 4/4 100%
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The Company established the Nomination Committee with written terms of 
reference in compliance with the requirements of the CG Code and the roles 
and responsibilities delegated to the Nomination Committee by the Board. The 
Nomination Committee is primarily responsible for preparing the procedures and 
criteria for determining the candidates for Directors and the senior management 
of the Company and conducting preliminary review on their qualifications and 
credentials, including proposing to the Board on its size and composition in 
accordance with the Company’s operating results, assets and shareholding 
structure; reviewing the procedures and criteria for determining the candidates for 
Directors and the chief executive officer of the Company and making proposals 
to the Board; looking for the qualified candidates for Directors and chief executive 
officer; reviewing and making proposals on the candidates for the Directors and 
chief executive officer; reviewing and making proposals on the candidates for 
the other senior management, on which the Board needs to resolve and other 
matters that the Board has authorized it to deal with.
The Nomination Committee consists of one executive Director, Mr. Wang Junyang 
(chairman of the Nomination Committee), and two independent non-executive 
Directors, Mr. Yeung Ming Lai and Dr. Chen Keji.


===== PAGE 93 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
92
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
董事會已採納董事會多元化政策，並討論實
施該政策的所有可衡量目標。 有關更多詳情，
請參閱本年報第94頁的 「董事會多元化政策」 。
提名委員會將按以下標準評估候選人或現
職者，例如誠信、經驗、技能及投入時間及
努力執行職責的能力。提名委員會作出推薦
供董事會決定。
於報告期間，提名委員會召開一次會議。於
會上，提名委員會 (i)檢討董事會的架構、人
數及成員組合； (ii)檢討獨立非執行董事的獨
立性；及 (iii)檢討本公司的董事提名政策及
多元化政策。提名委員會成員出席記錄概要
載於下表：
提名董事程序
當董事會出現空缺時，提名委員會將評估董
事會所需技巧、知識及經驗，並識別空缺是
否存在任何特殊要求。提名委員會將識別合
適人選並召開提名委員會會議，就提名董事
進行討論及投票，並向董事會推薦擔任董事
的人選。
提名董事的標準
提名委員會將考慮具備能夠最佳輔助促進
董事會效率的個別技能、經驗及專業知識的
人選。
提名委員會於考慮董事會組成的整體平衡時，
將適當顧及本公司董事會多元化政策。
The Board has adopted a board diversity policy and discussed all measurable 
objectives set for implementing the policy. Please refer to “Board Diversity Policy” 
on page 94 of this annual report for more details.
The Nomination Committee will assess the candidate or incumbent on criteria 
such as integrity, experience, skill and ability to commit time and effort to carry 
out the duties and responsibilities. The recommendations of the Nomination 
Committee will then be put to the Board for decision.
During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee held one meeting. 
At the meeting, the Nomination Committee (i) reviewed the structure, size and 
composition of the Board; (ii) reviewed the independence of the independent non-
executive Directors; and (iii) reviewed the Company’s director Nomination Policy 
and Diversity Policy. A summary of the attendance record of the Nomination 
Committee members is set out in the table below:
Name of committee member 委員會成員姓名
Number of meetings attended/eligible to 
attend during the year ended 31 December 2024
於截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止年度期間
出席╱可出席會議次數
Attendance rate
出席率
Mr. Wang Junyang 王君揚先生 1/1 100%
Mr. Yeung Ming Lai 楊銘澧先生 1/1 100%
Dr. Chen Keji 陳可冀醫生 1/1 100%
PROCEDURE FOR NOMINATION OF DIRECTORS
When there is a vacancy in the Board, the Nomination Committee evaluates the 
balance of skills, knowledge and experience of the Board, and identifies any 
special requirements for the vacancy. The Nomination Committee will then identify 
suitable candidates and convene a Nomination Committee meeting to discuss 
and vote on the nomination of directors and make recommendation to the Board 
on the candidate(s) for directorship.
CRITERIA FOR NOMINATION OF DIRECTORS
The Nomination Committee will consider candidates who possess the 
particular skills, experience and expertise that will best complement the Board’s 
effectiveness at that time.
In considering the overall balance of the Board’s composition, the Nomination 
Committee will give due consideration to the board diversity policy of the 
Company.


===== PAGE 94 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
93
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
薪酬委員會
本公司設立薪酬委員會，書面職權範圍遵照
企業管治守則的規定，以及董事會轉授薪酬
委員會的角色和職責。薪酬委員會主要負責
制定董事及高級管理層的評估準則、並釐定
和審閱董事及高級管理層的薪酬政策和計劃，
包括按照董事及高級管理層的職權範圍、職
位重要性及其他類似公司有關職位的薪酬
基準制定薪酬計劃及建議；薪酬計劃及建議，
包括但不限於績效評估的準則、程序和主要
評核制度、獎勵和處罰的主要方案和規定；
檢討董事及高級管理層的表現及對其表現
及業績進行年度評核；監督本公司薪酬政策
的實施情況和董事會授權處理的其他事項。
薪酬委員會已採納香港上市規則附錄 C1第
E.1.2(c)段所述的第二個模式 （即向董事會提
交個別執行董事及高級管理層的薪酬待遇
建 議 ）。
薪酬委員會由兩名獨立非執行董事陳星能
先生 （薪酬委員會主席） 、楊銘澧先生及一
名執行董事王愛勤女士組成。
本集團薪酬政策的主要目標是讓董事及高
級管理層在考慮本集團的經營業績、角色和
職責以及董事和高級管理人員的個別表現，
以至可比市場常規後，能夠給予具競爭力的
獎勵。
有關董事酬金及五位最高薪人士的詳情載
於綜合財務報表附註 9及 10。
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The Company established the Remuneration Committee with written terms of 
reference in compliance with the CG Code and the roles and the responsibilities 
delegated to the Remuneration Committee by the Board. The Remuneration 
Committee is primarily responsible for formulating the criteria for and conducting 
assessment on the Directors and senior management as well as determining 
and reviewing the remuneration policies and plans for the Directors and senior 
management, including formulating remuneration plans and proposals in 
accordance with the terms of reference of the Directors and senior management 
and the importance of their positions as well as the remuneration benchmarks 
for the relevant positions in other comparable companies; the remuneration 
plans and proposals including but not limited to criteria, procedures and 
main assessment system for performance assessment, main proposals and 
regulations on award and punishment; reviewing the performance of the 
Directors and senior management and conducting annual assessment on their 
performance and results; supervising the implementation of the remuneration 
policies of the Company and other matters that the Board has authorised it 
to deal with. The Remuneration Committee has adopted the second model 
described in paragraph E.1.2(c) under Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing 
Rules (i.e. make recommendation to the Board on the remuneration packages of 
individual executive Director and senior management member).
The Remuneration Committee consists of two independent non-executive 
Directors, Mr. Chan Sing Nun (chairman of the Remuneration Committee), Mr. 
Yeung Ming Lai, and one executive Director, Ms. Wang Aiqin.
The primary goal of the Group’s remuneration policy is to enable the Directors 
and senior management to be competitively rewarded having regard to the 
Group’s operating results, roles and responsibilities and individual performance 
of the directors and senior management and comparable market practices.
Details of the Directors’ emoluments and the five highest paid individuals are set 
out in Notes 9 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements.


===== PAGE 95 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
94
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
於報告期間，高級管理層的成員薪酬 （為免
生疑，不包括董事及監事） 按薪酬範圍劃分
如下：
於報告期間，薪酬委員會召開一次會議。於
會上，薪酬委員會審議有關檢討本公司董事
及高級管理層的薪酬待遇有關事宜及提出
建議，並向董事會作出建議。薪酬委員會成
員出席記錄概要載於下表：
董事會多元化政策
董事會已採納董事會多元化政策，並討論實
施該政策的所有可衡量目標，此將成為董事
會於二零二四年考量的基準。本公司意識到
並擁護具有多元化董事會的利益，旨在提高
其效用並實現高水平的企業管治。本公司致
力確保董事會在技能、經驗和多元化觀點各
方面取得平衡，適合本公司業務的需要。候
選人的輪選將以一系列多元化觀點為基礎，
包括但不限於性別、 年齡、 文化和教育背景、
種族、專業經驗、技能、知識和服務年期。
所有董事會任命的最終決定，應以輪選的候
選人將為董事會帶來的提供的長處和貢獻
為基礎。提名委員會已審閱董事會多元化政
策以確保其有效，並認為本集團已於截至二
零二四年十二月三十一日止年度達成董事
會成員多元化政策的目標。
The remuneration of the members of senior management (for the avoidance of 
doubt, excluding Directors and Supervisors) by band during the Reporting Period 
is set out below:
Remuneration band 薪酬範圍
Number of individuals
個體人數
HK$1–HK$500,000 1港元至 500,000港元 1
HK$500,001–HK$1,000,000 500,001港元至 1,000,000港元 4
HK$1,000,001–HK$1,500,000 1,000,001港元至 1,500,000港元 1
During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting. At 
the meeting, the Remuneration Committee reviewed the matters relating to the 
reviewing and made proposals on the remuneration package of Directors and 
senior management of the Company and made suggestions to the Board. A 
summary of the attendance record of the Remuneration Committee members is 
set out in the table below:
Name of committee member 委員會成員姓名
Number of meetings attended/eligible to 
attend during the year ended 31 December 2024
於截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止年度期間
出席╱可出席會議次數
Attendance rate
出席率
Ms. Wang Aiqin 王愛勤女士 1/1 100%
Mr. Yeung Ming Lai 楊銘澧先生 1/1 100%
Mr. Chan Sing Nun 陳星能先生 1/1 100%
BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
The Board has adopted a board diversity policy and discussed all measurable 
objectives set for implementing the policy, which will form the basis of the Board’s 
considerations in 2024. The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of 
having a diverse Board with a view to enhancing its effectiveness and achieving 
a high standard of corporate governance. It endeavors to ensure that the Board 
has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the 
requirements of the Company’s business. Selection of candidates will be based 
on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, 
cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, 
knowledge and length of service. The ultimate decision of all Board appointments 
should be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring 
to the Board. The Nomination Committee has reviewed the board diversity policy 
to ensure its effectiveness and considered that the Group achieved the objectives 
of its board diversity policy for the year ended 31 December 2024.


===== PAGE 96 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
95
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
董事會目前由八名董事組成，其中四名為執
行董事，一名為非執行董事及三名為獨立非
執行董事。其中，一名董事為女性，七名董
事為男性，一名董事年齡處於 30–40歲；兩
名董事年齡處於 41–50歲；兩名董事年齡處
於 51–60歲；以及三名董事年齡為 61歲以上。
董事會具備適當比例之技能、經驗及多元化
因素，而該等技能、經驗及多元化因素與本
公司的戰略、 管治及業務；行政指導及戰略；
會計專業人員╱財務管理專業知識及法律
專業人士╱監管及合規╱風險管理息息相關。
董事會旨在維持當前水平的女性代表，最終
目標為達致兩性平等。
僱員多元化
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止年度，僱
員 （包括高級管理人員） 的性別比例為27:73
（男性：女性） 。本集團的整體性別多元化被
認為屬平衡，原因為本集團的主要業務為醫
院營運，其中大部分員工 （包括護士及醫護
人員） 為女性，本集團將繼續保持僱員的性
別多元化。有關性別比例的進一步詳情，請
參閱環境、社會及管治報告中的披露內容。
企業管治職能
董事會負責履行企業管治職責，包括但不限
於：
(a) 審閱本公司在企業管治報告中遵守企
業管治守則及資料披露的情況；
(b) 審閱及監督董事、監事及高級管理層
的培訓和持續專業發展；及
(c) 審閱及監督本公司遵守法律和法規要
求的政策及常規。
於報告期間，董事會已審閱上述企業管治職
責。
The Board currently comprises of eight directors, of which four are executive 
directors, one is non-executive director and three are independent non-
executive directors. Among which, one director is female and seven directors 
are male and one in the age group of 30–40; two in the age group of 41–50; 
two in the age group of 51–60; and three in the age group over 61. The Board 
has an appropriate mix of skills, experience and diversity that are relevant to 
the Company’s strategy, governance and business; executive leadership & 
strategy; accounting professionals/financial management expertise and legal 
professionals/regulatory and compliance/risk management.
The Board targets to maintain at least the current level of female representation, 
with the ultimate goal of achieving gender parity.
WORKFORCE DIVERSITY
The gender ratio in the workforce (including senior management) for the year 
ended 31 December 2024 is 27:73 (male:female). The total gender diversity of the 
Group is considered balanced as the Group is mainly engaged in the operation 
of hospitals where a majority of the labour forces including nurses and healthcare 
workers are female and the Group will continue to maintain the gender diversity 
in workforce. For further details of gender ratio, please refer to the disclosure in 
the Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties 
including but not limited to:
(a) to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in 
the corporate governance report;
(b) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional 
development of Directors, Supervisors and senior management; and
(c) to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance 
with legal and regulatory requirements.
During the Reporting Period, the Board had reviewed the above corporate 
governance duties.


===== PAGE 97 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
96
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
董事及核數師對就財務報表進行財
務報告的責任
董事承認其編製截至二零二四年十二月
三十一日止年度之綜合財務報表的責任，據
此真實和公平地呈列本公司及本集團的狀
況以及本集團的財務表現及現金流量。董事
亦承認其負責確保本集團的綜合財務報表
及時刊發。
本公司管理層向董事會提供所需解釋及資
料，使董事會能夠對向董事會提呈批准本公
司的綜合財務報表進行知情評估。本公司向
董事會全體成員提供本公司表現、狀況及前
景的最新情況。
董事並不知悉有關事件或條件的任何重大
不確定因素，可能對本集團持續經營的能力
構成重大質疑。
本公司核數師就本公司綜合財務報表的報
告責任編製的陳述載於本年報第 166至 174
頁 「獨立核數師報告」 。
風險管理與內部控制
董事會負責本集團的風險管理和內部控制
制度，並至少每年審閱其有效性。審核委員
會協助董事會履行本集團財務、 運作、 合規、
風險管理和內部控制的監督和企業管治職責，
以及財務及內部審核職能的資源。
本公司已設計及設定適當的政策和控制措施，
確保資產受到保障， 不致於不當使用或處置，
依法遵守有關規章制度，依照有關會計準則
和監管報告要求存置可靠的財務及會計記錄，
而可能對本集團業績造成影響的主要風險
已適當地識別出來及予以管理。系統和內部
控制程序只能對防止重大錯報或損失提供
合理而不是絕對鑒證，因為這些安排僅是旨
在控制而不是消除未能實現業務目標的風險。
DIRECTORS’ AND AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR FINANCIAL 
REPORTING IN RESPECT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the consolidated 
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 which give a true 
and fair view of the affairs of the Company and the Group and of the Group’s 
financial performance and cash flows. The Directors also acknowledge their 
responsibilities to ensure that the consolidated financial statements of the Group 
are published in a timely manner.
The management of the Company has provided to the Board such explanation 
and information as are necessary to enable the Board to carry out an informed 
assessment of the Company’s consolidated financial statements, which are put 
to the Board for approval. The Company provides all members of the Board with 
updates on the Company’s performance, positions and prospects.
The Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or 
conditions which may cast significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue 
as a going concern.
The statement prepared by the auditor of the Company regarding their reporting 
responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements of the Company is set 
out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 166 to 174 of this annual report.
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems 
of the Group and for reviewing their effectiveness at least annually. The Audit 
Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight and corporate governance 
roles in the Group’s financial, operational, compliance, risk management and 
internal controls, and the resourcing of the finance and internal audit functions.
Appropriate policies and controls have been designed and established to ensure 
that assets are safeguarded against improper use or disposal, relevant rules and 
regulations are adhered to and complied with, reliable financial and accounting 
records are maintained in accordance with relevant accounting standards and 
regulatory reporting requirements, and key risks that may impact on the Group’s 
performance are appropriately identified and managed. The systems and internal 
control procedures can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance 
against material misstatement or loss, as they are designed to manage, rather 
than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives.


===== PAGE 98 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
97
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
董事會已制定內部控制程序，確保任何持續
關連交易按照香港上市規則的條款及適用
規定進行。
本公司已建立內部審計功能，定期進行財務
和業務審查，並向有關管理層建議所需的行
動。內部審計功能的工作是確保風險管理和
內部控制程序到位並按預期正常運行。內部
審計功能還對本集團持續關連交易及相關
內部控制程序的充分性和有效性進行了檢討。
內部審計結果向審核委員會報告。獨立非執
行董事對本集團的持續關連交易進行審閱時，
亦會考慮到內部審計功能的調查結果。
臨床風險與本集團的醫院業務和本集團臨
床治理的重點領域特別相關。本集團採用三
級制風險管理方式， 對風險進行識別、 評估、
減輕和處理。在第一道防線方面，醫院前線
員工以清楚界定的程序為指引，負責識別、
評估和監測與日常營運有關的風險。作為第
二道防線的醫院管理人員和行政人員執行
規則和程序，提供指導和支持，及處理和分
析工作人員發現或預期的異常和意想不到
的事件模式和結果。他們確保風險在日常業
務過程中處於可接受的範圍內，第一道防線
是有效的。他們還不斷評估國際最佳常規，
並整理從過去事件中汲取的教訓，以確定改
進範疇。作為最後一道防線，本公司的審核
委員會和內部審計功能通過不斷的檢查、監
督並提出建議以改進相關程序，確保第一道
防線和第二道防線的有效性。在持續的基礎
上，本集團每家醫院審查和評估潛在風險的
狀況，這些風險可能會影響該醫院實現其業
務目標的能力和╱或本集團的能力。這個審
查過程包括評估現有內部控制制度是否繼
續保持相關性，充分解決潛在風險和╱或應
予以補充。這些審查的結果定期向高級管理
層及董事會報告。這種自上而下及涵蓋全公
司的風險管理制度，旨在讓本集團臨床營運
的各個方面均可以得到保障。
The Board has in place internal control procedures in ensuring any continuing 
connected transactions are conducted in compliance with their terms and the 
applicable requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
An internal audit function has been established to perform regular financial 
and operational reviews and recommend necessary actions to the relevant 
management. The internal audit function is to ensure the risk management and 
internal control procedures are in place and function properly as intended. The 
internal audit function also reviews the continuing connected transactions of 
the Group and the adequacy and effectiveness of the relevant internal control 
procedures. The results of the internal audit are reported to the Audit Committee. 
The independent non-executive Directors, in performing their review of the 
continuing connected transactions of the Group, also take into account the 
findings of the internal audit function.
Clinical risks are particularly relevant to the Group’s hospital operations and a 
key area of the Group’s clinical governance. The Group has adopted a three-tier 
risk management approach to identify, assess, mitigate and handle these risks. 
At the first line of defence, the hospitals’ front-line staff, guided by clearly defined 
procedures, are responsible for identifying, assessing and monitoring risks 
associated with day-to-day operations. The hospital managers and executives, 
as the second line of defence, implement rules and procedures, provide 
coaching and support, and deal with, and analyse unusual and unexpected fact 
patterns and outcomes detected or anticipated by their staff. They ensure that 
risks are within the acceptable range in the ordinary course of business and that 
the first line of defence is effective. They also continuously benchmark against 
international best practice and collate lessons learnt from past incidents to 
identify areas of improvements. As the final line of defence, the Audit Committee 
and the internal audit function of the Company ensure that the first and second 
lines of defence are effective through constant inspection, monitoring and making 
recommendations to improve the relevant processes. On an ongoing basis, 
each hospital of the Group reviews and assesses the status of potential risks 
which may impact on its ability to achieve its business objectives and/or those of 
the Group. This review process includes assessment as to whether the existing 
system of internal controls continues to remain relevant, adequately addresses 
potential risks, and/or should be supplemented. The results of these reviews are 
regularly reported to the senior management and the Board. Such top-down and 
company-wide risk management system is intended to cover every aspect of the 
Group’s clinical operations.


===== PAGE 99 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
98
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
董事會不時且至少每年審查影響本集團整
體運營的重大風險因素，並認識到空前的
COVID-19疫情已成為本集團醫院運營的相關
風險因素 （包括 （尤其是） 病人及醫護人員的
健康及安全） 。儘管COVID-19疫情被認為在
中國已被遏制╱控制，惟日後是否會出現類
似疫情，從而嚴重及長期中斷本集團的運營
尚待觀察。
審核委員會對本集團風險管理和內部控制
程序的實施和有效性感到滿意。概無關於財
務、運營或合規控制的重大事項。董事會對
報告期間本集團風險管理和內部控制程序
的有效性及充足性感到滿意。
除審閱本集團內的風險管理和內部控制外，
外部核數師還對若干主要風險管理和內部
控制的充足性及有效性進行評估，作為其法
定審核的一部份。在適當的情況下，本公司
採納外部核數師的建議，並對風險管理和內
部控制進行改進。
舉報政策
本公司期望並鼓勵本集團僱員及與之有往
來的人士 （如供應商、客戶、債權人及債務
人） 以保密方式向本公司舉報有關本集團內
任何涉嫌不當的行為、 不端行為或瀆職行為。
本公司採納舉報政策，為舉報潛在不當行為
提供舉報途徑及指引，並向檢舉人士保證本
集團將在正式系統中向彼等提供保護。
舉報政策將定期審閱，任何可疑案件均將上
報至審核委員會。
The Board from time to time and at least annually reviews the significant risk 
factors affecting the operations of the Group as a whole and is cognizant that 
the unprecedented COVID-19 pandemic has become a relevant risk factor to the 
hospital operations (including, in particular, the health and safety of patients and 
staff) of the Group. Although the COVID-19 pandemic in the PRC was ended; it 
remains to be seen whether similar pandemic will emerge in the future, which 
could result in material and long-term disruptions to the Group’s operations.
The Audit Committee was satisfied as to the implementation and effectiveness 
of the Group’s risk management and internal control procedures. There were 
no matters of material concerns relating to financial, operational or compliance 
controls. The Board is satisfied with the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk 
management and internal control procedures of the Group during the Reporting 
Period.
In addition to the review of risk management and internal controls undertaken 
within the Group, the external auditor also assessed the adequacy and 
effectiveness of certain key risk management and internal controls as part of their 
statutory audits. Where appropriate, the external auditor’s recommendations are 
adopted and enhancements to the risk management and internal controls will be 
made.
WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY
The Company expects and encourages employees of the Group and those 
who deal with the Group (e.g. suppliers, customers, creditors and debtors) to 
report to the Company, in confidence, any suspected impropriety, misconduct 
or malpractice concerning the Group. The Company adopts the whistleblowing 
policy to provide reporting channels and guidance on reporting possible 
improprieties and reassurance to whistleblowers of the protection that the Group 
will extend to them in the formal system.
The whistleblowing policy will be reviewed on a regular basis, any suspected 
cases will be reported to the Audit Committee.


===== PAGE 100 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
99
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
反腐敗政策
本公司絕不容忍其董事、高級職員、僱員、
代理人或顧問或為其或代表其行事的任何
人士或公司任何形式的直接或間接賄賂。本
公司採納反腐敗政策，協助僱員識別可能導
致或看似涉及腐敗或不道德商業行為的情況，
從而避免此類明確禁止的行為，並於必要時
及時尋求指導。
反腐敗政策將定期審閱，任何經確認的案件
均將上報至董事會。
內幕消息的發佈
就處理和發佈內幕消息的程序和內部控制，
本公司：
(i) 知悉其根據證券及期貨條例及香港上
市規則所承擔的責任，而當中最重要
的原則，為若決定有關消息為內幕消
息，則應立即公佈；
(ii) 於處理時密切關注適用法律和法規；
(iii) 就通過財務報告、公告及其網站等渠
道，廣泛地、非排他性地發佈消息，
監督、報告及向股東、投資者、分析
員及媒體發佈內幕消息制定政策及實
行指引。這些政策及指引亦識別出本
公司授權的發言人以及與利益相關方
溝通的責任；及
(iv) 已向所有有關人員通報了有關政策的
實施情況，並提供相關培訓。
本公司在合理切實可行的情況下儘快向公
眾披露內幕消息，除非消息屬於證券及期貨
條例所容許的安全港條文內。消息於向公眾
全面披露前，本公司應確保消息嚴格保密。
如果本公司認為不能保持所需的保密程度
或可能違反保密規定，本集團應立即向公眾
披露消息。鑒於以清晰及均衡的方式提供資
料，需要同等披露利好和利空的事實，本公
司致力確保公告或通函中所載的資料對於
重大事實不構成虛假或誤導，或通過遺漏重
大事實以致虛假或誤導。
ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY
The Company does not tolerate any form of bribery, whether directly or indirectly, 
by, or of, its Directors, officers, employees, agents or consultants or any persons 
or companies acting for it or on its behalf. The Company adopts the anti-
corruption policy in assisting the employees in recognising circumstances which 
may lead to or give the appearance of being involved in corruption or unethical 
business conduct, so as to avoid such conduct which is clearly prohibited, and to 
promptly seek guidance if necessary.
The anti-corruption policy will be reviewed on a regular basis, and any confirmed 
cases will be reported to the Board.
DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION
With respect to the procedures and internal controls for the handling and 
dissemination of inside information, the Company:
(i) is aware of its obligations under the SFO and the Hong Kong Listing Rules 
and the overriding principle that inside information should be announced 
immediately if it is the subject of a decision;
(ii) conducts its affairs with close regard to the applicable laws and regulations;
(iii) has established a policy and implemented guidelines for monitoring, 
reporting and disseminating inside information to our shareholders, 
investors, analysts and media by pursuing broad, non-exclusive distribution 
of information through channels such as financial reporting, public 
announcements and its website. These policies and guidelines also identify 
who are the Company’s authorised spokespersons and their responsibilities 
for communications with stakeholders; and
(iv) has communicated to all relevant staff regarding the implementation of the 
policy and relevant trainings are also provided.
The Company discloses inside information to the public as soon as reasonably 
practicable unless the information falls within any of the safe harbours as 
provided in the SFO. Before the information is fully disclosed to the public, the 
Company ensures the information is kept strictly confidential. If the Company 
believes that the necessary degree of confidentiality cannot be maintained or 
that confidentiality may have been breached, the Group would immediately 
disclose the information to the public. The Company is committed to ensuring that 
information contained in announcements or circulars are not false or misleading 
as to a material fact, or false or misleading through the omission of a material 
fact in view of presenting information in a clear and balanced way, which 
requires equal disclosure of both positive and negative facts.


===== PAGE 101 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
100
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
核數師酬金
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止年度，本
集團核數師提供的審計和非審計服務已付╱
應付的費用總額如下：
聯席公司秘書
外部服務供應商 Vistra Corporate Services (HK) 
Limited的周慶齡女士已獲本公司委聘為聯席
公司秘書之一，其於本公司的首要聯絡人為
本公司首席財務官兼另一名聯席公司秘書
黃偉恒先生。
於報告期間，周慶齡女士及黃偉恒先生均已
遵照香港上市規則第 3.29條已進行不少於 15
小時的相關專業培訓。
AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the total fees paid/payable in respect 
of audit and non-audit services provided by the Group’s auditor are set out below:
RMB’000
人民幣千元
Services 服務
– Audit services in connection with the audit of the consolidated 
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 
provided by Bakertilly
－ 關於天職提供的審計截至  
二零二四年十二月三十一日止年度  
的綜合財務報表的審計服務 1,650
– Review of interim condensed consolidated financial statements 
for the six months ended 30 June 2024 provided by Bakertilly
－ 天職提供的審閱截至二零二四年六月
三十日止六個月的中期簡明綜合  
財務報表 250
Total 合計 1,900
JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Ms. Chau Hing Ling of Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited, an external service 
provider, has been engaged by the Company as one of the joint company 
secretaries. Her primary contact person at the Company is Mr. Wong Wai Hang 
Ricky, the chief financial officer of the Company and the other joint company 
secretary.
During the Reporting Period, both of Ms. Chau Hing Ling and Mr. Wong Wai Hang 
Ricky have undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in 
compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


===== PAGE 102 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
101
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
與股東的溝通及投資者關係
董事會認為，與投資者維持有效溝通，對於
建立投資者的信心和吸引新的投資者至關
重要。本集團亦意識到透明度和及時披露公
司消息的重要性，使投資者能夠作出最佳投
資決策。
本公司採納股東通訊政策，當中載列本公司
現有之框架， 以促進與股東之間的有效溝通，
從而讓股東積極與本公司溝通並以知情方
式行使其股東權利。股東通訊政策將由董事
會定期審閱。
本公司已於與其股東、投資者及其他持份者
之間建立一系列溝通渠道，包括 (i)刊發中期
及年度報告及╱或寄發通函、通告及其他公
告；(ii)舉行股東週年大會或股東特別大會，
為股東提供平台以便向董事會提出及交流
意見；(iii) 於本公司及聯交所網站登載本集
團最新重要資料； (iv)於本公司網站提供本
公司與其持份者之間的通訊渠道； (v)本公司
香港股份登記處就所有股份登記事宜為股
東提供服務；及 (vi)召開投資者會議及╱或
分析簡報會，由我們的執行董事及投資者關
係團隊與現有及有意投資者進行指導及交流。
本公司已刊發的文件，連同最新公
司消息和新聞，可於本公司網站
http://www.kanghuagp.com 查閱。投資者亦
可以通過電子郵件 kh@kanghuagp.com與本
公司進行溝通。
經考慮多個通訊渠道，董事會信納股東溝通
政策已於報告期間妥善執行並屬有效。
COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR 
RELATIONS
The Board believes that effective communication with investors is essential for 
establishing investors’ confidence and attracting new investors. The Group also 
recognises the importance of transparency and timely disclosure of corporate 
information which enables investors to make the best investment decision.
The Company adopted the shareholders communication policy, which set out the 
framework the Company has put in place to promote effective communication 
with shareholders so as to enable them to engage actively with the Company and 
exercise their rights as shareholders in an informed manner. The shareholders 
communication policy will be reviewed on a regular basis by the Board.
The Company has established a range of communication channels with its 
Shareholders, investors and other stakeholders. These include (i) the publication 
of interim and annual reports and/or dispatching circulars, notices, and other 
announcements; (ii) the annual general meeting or extraordinary general meeting 
providing a forum for Shareholders to raise comments and exchanging views 
with the Board; (iii) updated and key information of the Group available on the 
Company’s website and the Stock Exchange’s website; (iv) the Company’s website 
offering communication channel between the Company and its stakeholders; (v) 
the Company’s share registrar in Hong Kong serving the Shareholders in respect 
of all share registration matters; and (vi) convening investor meeting and/or 
analyst briefings, which are led by our executive Directors and investor relations 
team with existing and potential investors.
Published documents together with the latest corporate information and news are 
available on the Company’s website at http://www.kanghuagp.com. Investors 
can also communicate with the Company through email at kh@kanghuagp.com.
Having considered the multiple channels of communication, the Board is satisfied 
that the shareholders communication policy has been properly implemented 
during the Reporting Period and is effective.


===== PAGE 103 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
102
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
股息考慮
派付股息有利於股東參與分享本公司溢利，
同時保有充足儲備金用於維持本集團的營
運及未來發展。本公司的股息宣派、形式、
頻次及金額必須符合有關法律法規及細則。
在釐定是否建議任何股息時，董事會將會考
慮多項因素， 包括本公司的財務表現、 儲備、
經營及流動資金需求以及發展計劃。董事會
將不時綜合考慮其他適當的有關因素。本公
司並沒有固定的股息分配比率。
中國法律規定，股息僅可根據中國會計準則
計算的年度溢利中派付，在多數方面有別於
其他司法管轄權區的公認會計準則 （包括國
際財務報告準則） 。本公司及其附屬公司的
分派亦可受銀行信貸融資的任何限制性契
諾、可換股債券文據或本公司或其附屬公司
未來可能訂立的其他協議限制。
股東應佔的實際可分派股息金額將視乎於
本集團的盈利及財務狀況、經營規定、資本
規定及任何其他董事可能視為有關的條件，
並可能須取得股東批准。董事會有絕對酌情
建議派付任何年度的任何股息。概無保證任
何金額的股息將於任何年度宣派或分派。
股東權利
股東召開臨時股東大會 （ 「臨時股東大會」 ） 
的程序
股東要求召開臨時股東大會應按照下列程
序進行。
凡單獨或共同持有擬召開的大會投票權 10%
以上股份的股東，有權以書面要求董事會召
開臨時股東大會或類別股東會議。 根據法律、
行政法規及章程，董事會在收到提案後十日
內，給予書面反饋，同意或不同意召開臨時
股東大會或類別股東會議。
DIVIDEND CONSIDERATIONS
The payment of dividend is to allow the Shareholder to participate in the 
Company’s profits whilst retaining adequate reserves to sustain the Group’s 
operations and future growth. The declaration, form, frequency and amount 
of dividend to be paid by the Company must comply with relevant laws and 
regulations and the Articles. In deciding whether to recommend any dividend, the 
Board will take into account a number of factors, including financial performance, 
reserves, operations and liquidity requirements and development plans of the 
Company. The Board will comprehensively consider other relevant factors as 
appropriate from time to time. The Company does not have a fixed dividend 
distribution ratio.
PRC laws require that dividends be paid only out of the profit for the year 
calculated according to PRC accounting principles, which differ in many aspects 
from the generally accepted accounting principles in other jurisdictions, including 
the IFRS. Distributions from the Company and its subsidiaries may also become 
subject to any restrictive covenants in bank credit facilities, convertible bond 
instruments or other agreements that the Company or its subsidiaries may enter 
into in the future.
The amount of any dividend actually distributed to the Shareholders will depend 
upon the Group’s earnings and financial condition, operating requirements, 
capital requirements and any other conditions that the Directors may deem 
relevant and may be subject to approval of the Shareholders. The Board has 
an absolute discretion to recommend any dividend for any year. There is no 
assurance that dividends of any amount will be declared or distributed in any 
year.
SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Procedures for Shareholder(s) to Convene an Extraordinary General 
Meeting (“EGM”)
Shareholders requesting the convening of an EGM shall proceed in accordance 
with the procedures set forth below.
The Shareholders individually or jointly holding over 10% of the Shares with the 
voting power at the proposed meeting have the right to request the Board to 
hold the EGM or a class meeting in writing. According to laws, administrative 
regulations and the Articles, the Board shall give written feedback to agree or 
disagree to hold the EGM or the class meeting within ten days after receiving the 
proposal.


===== PAGE 104 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
103
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
If the Board agrees to hold the EGM or the class meeting, a meeting notice shall 
be given within five days after the Board makes such a resolution. Changes to the 
original proposal in the notice shall be approved by the relevant Shareholders.
If the Board disagrees to hold the EGM or the class meeting or fails to give 
feedback within ten days after receiving the request, the Shareholders individually 
or jointly holding over 10% of the Shares have the right to request the Supervisory 
Committee to hold the EGM or the class meeting in writing.
If the Supervisory Committee agrees to hold the EGM or the class meeting, 
a meeting notice shall be given within five days after receiving the request. 
Changes to the original proposal in the notice shall be approved by the relevant 
Shareholders.
If the Supervisory Committee fails to give the notice of the EGM within the specified 
period, it shall be deemed that the Supervisory Committee does not convene 
or preside over the Shareholders’ meeting. Shareholders who individually or 
jointly hold 10% or more of the Shares for not less than 90 consecutive days 
may convene and preside over the EGM by themselves. The expenses of the 
Shareholders’ meeting held by the Supervisory Committee or Shareholders by 
themselves shall be borne by the Company.
Procedures for Shareholder(s) to Put Forward Proposals at a General 
Meeting
When the Company holds a Shareholders’ general meeting, the Board, the 
Supervisory Committee and the Shareholders individually or jointly holding over 3% 
of the Shares have the right to submit proposals to the Company. Shareholders 
individually or jointly holding over 3% of the Shares may put forward interim 
proposal and submit to the convener in writing ten days before the EGM.
如董事會同意舉行臨時股東大會或類別股
東會議時，應在董事會作出決議後五日內發
出會議通告。通告中對原始提案的變更應由
相關股東批准。
如董事會不同意舉行臨時股東大會或類別
股東會議，或者在收到要求後十日內未能提
供反饋意見，凡個人或共同持有 10%以上股
份的股東有權以書面形式要求監事會召開
臨時股東大會或類別股東會議。
如監事會同意舉行臨時股東大會或類別股
東會議，應當在收到要求後五日內發出會議
通告。通告中對原始提案的變更應由相關股
東批准。
如監事會在指定期限內未能發出臨時股東
大會通告，視為監事會未能召開或主持股東
大會。凡單獨或共同持有 10%或以上股份不
少於連續 90天的股東可以自行召開並主持
臨時股東大會。監事會或股東自行舉行的股
東大會，費用由本公司承擔。
於股東大會上向股東提呈議案的程序
當本公司舉行股東大會時，董事會、監事會
及單獨或共同持股 3%以上股份的股東有權
向本公司提呈議案。單獨或共同持有 3%以
上股份的股東可提出臨時議案，並於臨時股
東大會前十日以書面形式向召集人提呈。


===== PAGE 105 =====
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
104
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
Procedures for Directing Shareholders’ Enquiries to the Board
Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board 
in writing through Mr. Wong Wai Hang Ricky, the chief financial officer and joint 
company secretary of the Company. His contact details are as follows:
Address:
Unit 3207, Metroplaza Tower 2
223 Hing Fong Road, Kwai Fong
New Territories, Hong Kong
Tel: (852) 2428-2880
Fax: (852) 2428-2630
Email: kh@kanghuagp.com
Shareholders may also make enquiries with the Board at the general meetings of 
the Company.
CHANGE IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
A special resolution has been passed at the annual general meeting, H 
shareholders’ class meeting and domestic shareholders’ class meeting of the 
Company held on 26 June 2024 to amend certain amendments (the “Proposed 
Amendments”) to the current articles of association of the Company and adopt 
the amended Articles of Association. The Proposed Amendments are in relation 
to, among others, the Change of Company Name and updates in view of the 
abolition of the Mandatory Provisions for the Articles of Association of Companies 
to be Listed Overseas and the Letter about Suggestions on Amendment to Articles 
of Association of Companies to be Listed in Hong Kong on 31 March 2023, and in 
accordance with relevant laws and regulations such as the Guidelines for Articles 
of Association of Listed Companies. A copy of the amended Articles of Association 
has been posted on the website of the Company and the Stock Exchange. 
Save as disclosed above, the Company did not make any other changes to its 
constitutional documents of the Company during the Reporting Period.
股東向董事會查詢的程序
股東可隨時過本公司首席財務官兼聯席公
司秘書黃偉恒先生以書面形式向董事會提
出查詢及所關注的問題。黃先生的聯繫詳情
如下：
地址：
香港新界
葵芳興芳路 223號
新都會廣場第二座 3207室
電話：(852) 2428-2880
傳真：(852) 2428-2630
電郵：kh@kanghuagp.com
股東亦可在本公司股東大會上向董事會查詢。
章程文件的更改
本公司已於二零二四年六月二十六日舉行的
股東週年大會、 H股類別股東大會及內資股
類別股東大會通過一項特別決議案，以修訂
本公司現行公司章程的若干修訂 （ 「建議修
訂」 ） 及採納經修訂的公司章程。建議修訂乃
有關 （其中包括） 更改公司名稱及因應 《到境
外上市公司章程必備條款》 及 《關於到香港
上市公司對公司章程作補充修改的意見的函》
已於二零二三年三月三十一日廢止及根據 《上
市公司章程指引》 等相關法律法規而作出之
更新。經修訂的公司章程已登載於本公司及
聯交所網站。
除上文所披露者外，本公司於報告期間並無
對本公司的章程文件作出任何其他更改。


===== PAGE 106 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
105
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
董事會欣然提呈本公司截至二零二四年十二
月三十一日止年度的環境、社會及管治報告
（ 「環境、社會及管治報告」 ） 。環境、社會及
管治報告的內容符合香港上市規則附錄 C2
所載的有關環境、社會及管治報告指引。
環境、社會及管治報告涵蓋本集團位於康華
醫院 （包括康華醫院－華為門診） 、 仁康醫院、
康心醫院、仁康護理院、血液透析服務業務
（康華血液透析集團） 及康復業務 （安徽樺霖
集團） （統稱為 「有關經營業務」 ） 。
如有任何有關環境、社會及管治報告的意
見或建議，可發送至本公司的電郵地址
kh@kanghuagp.com。
1. 環境、社會及管治管理制度
1.1 環境、社會及管治的核心價值
本集團致力於將企業、社會及環
境責任融入本集團營運的各個方
面，以實現可持續發展。為此，
本集團已實施各項環境、社會及
管治政策：
(a) 遵守有關企業環境、社會
及管治的法律、規則及法
規規定；
(b) 促進建立及改進企業環境、
社會及管治的有關管理制
度及機制；
(c) 注重以最高的合理道德及
專業標準提供以患者為中
心的醫療服務；
(d) 積極與持份者參與，以識
別本集團營運的企業、社
會及環境方面不斷變化的
需求；及
(e) 鼓勵員工節約能源、珍惜
資源、支持及推進節能減
排措施。
The Board is pleased to present the environmental, social and governance report 
of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024 (the “ESG Report”). The 
contents of the ESG Report are in compliance with the relevant environmental, 
social and governance reporting guidelines set out in Appendix C2 to the Hong 
Kong Listing Rules.
The ESG Report covers the Group’s operations at Kanghua Hospital (including 
Kanghua Hospital – Huawei Clinic), Renkang Hospital, Kangxin Hospital, Renkang 
Elderly Care Centre, the haemodialysis services operations (the Kanghua 
Haemodialysis Group) and the rehabilitation operations ( the Anhui Hualin Group) 
(collectively, the “Relevant Operations“).
Any opinions or suggestions in relation to the ESG Report may be sent to the 
Company’s email address at: kh@kanghuagp.com.
1. ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE MANAGEMENT 
SYSTEM
1.1 Core values in environmental, social and governance
The Group is committed to integrating corporate, social and 
environmental responsibilities into various aspects of the Group’s 
operations for achieving sustainable development. To this end, 
the Group has implemented various environmental, social and 
governance policies:
(a) compliance with the requirements of the laws, rules and 
regulations on the corporate environment, society and 
governance;
(b) promotion of the establishment and improvement of relevant 
management systems and mechanisms in corporate 
environment, society and governance;
(c) emphasis on delivering patient-centric healthcare services with 
the highest possible ethical and professional standard;
(d) active engagement with stakeholders to identify changing 
needs in corporate, social and environmental aspect of the 
Group’s operations; and
(e) encourages staff to save energy, cherish resources, support 
and promote measures on energy-saving and emission 
reduction.


===== PAGE 107 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
106
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
本集團已成立了專項工作小組，
成員包括管理層及各醫院及營運
設施的醫院行政人員及管理人員，
以推動上述政策及編製相關披露，
並向董事會匯報。
1.2 持份者溝通與回應
作為本集團可持續發展目標的一
部分，本集團通過多種渠道與持
份者保持溝通，旨在主動回應持
份者的要求及促進本集團更好地
履行環境及社會責任：
The Group has set up a special working group formed by the 
management and hospital executives and managers of each 
hospital and operating facilities to promote the above policies and 
prepare the relevant disclosures and report to the Board.
1.2 The communication and responses among the stakeholders
As part of the Group’s sustainable development objectives, the 
Group maintains communication with stakeholders through various 
channels with a view to proactively responding to stakeholders’ 
requests and fostering the Group’s capability in fulfilling its 
environmental and social responsibilities:
Stakeholders Communication and responses Key issues
持份者 溝通與回應 主要事項
Investors/shareholders Shareholders’ general meetings, 
annual reports and interim reports, 
results announcements, corporate 
announcements, investors conferences
Corporate governance and strategic 
development and directions
投資者╱股東 股東大會、年報與中期報告、業績公
告、企業公告、投資者大會
企業管治及戰略發展及方向
Government and regulatory 
authorities
Regular communications, field visits, 
meetings, operating information 
disclosure and reporting
Strict compliance with applicable laws 
and regulations, license, maintaining 
and renewal hospital classification, anti-
corruption, environmental protection, 
responsive to the government’s latest policies 
and directives on healthcare
政府及監管機構 定期溝通、實地視察、會議、營運資
料披露及報告
嚴格遵照適用法律法規、牌照、維持及
重續醫院分類、反貪污、環境保護、響應
政府有關醫療的最新政策及指引
Staff Labour union, regular communications 
between staff and management, staff 
activities, regular in-house publications, 
trainings and education, responsibility 
and accountability systems
Staff retention, collegiality, quality standard, 
ethical practice, career progression, 
development and training, workplace health 
and safety, fair and reasonable reward and 
punishment mechanisms
員工 職工工會、員工與管理層定期溝通、
員工活動、定期內部刊物、培訓與教
育、責任及問責制度
員工留聘、合作關係、質量標準、道德操
守、職業發展、發展與培訓，工作場所健
康與安全、公正合理的獎懲機制


===== PAGE 108 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
107
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
Stakeholders Communication and responses Key issues
持份者 溝通與回應 主要事項
Suppliers Due diligence, meetings, negotiations, 
regular review of cooperation and 
quality check, internal audit of  
procurements and prescriptions by 
doctors
Stable and uninterrupted supply of quality 
pharmaceuticals, medical consumables 
and medical equipment on terms no less 
favourable than market, proper qualifications 
and licenses, service support and training on 
equipment, anti-corruption, environmentally 
preferable purchasing
供應商 盡職調查、會議、談判、定期審查合
作及質量檢查、採購內部審核及醫生
處方
按不遜於市場的條款穩定且不間斷地供
應優質的藥品、醫療耗材及醫療設備、
適當的資格及牌照、設備的服務支持及
培訓、反腐敗、環保採購
Patients Day to day operations and communications, 
dedicated customer service, satisfaction 
surveys and feedback, service complaints 
and response systems
Clinical standard and the Group’s reputation 
as a quality and ethical healthcare services 
provider, patient satisfaction, anti-corruption 
(e.g. refusing “red packets”)
患者 日常運營及溝通、專責的客戶服務，
滿意度調查與反饋、服務投訴及回應
系統
臨床標準及本集團作為優質及高道德標
準的醫療服務提供商的聲譽、 患者滿意度、
反腐敗 （如拒絕 「紅包」 ）
Community Community activities, public health 
awareness events, free medical  
consultations, regular in-house  
publications, donations, supporting 
charitable causes
Improving the community’s awareness of 
public health and safety and the profile 
of the Group as a socially responsible 
healthcare services provider, addressing 
healthcare needs from the underserved and 
unprivileged
社區 社區活動、公共衛生意識活動、免費
醫療諮詢、定期內部刊物、捐贈、支
持慈善事業
提高社區對公共衛生與安全的意識及本
集團作為對社會負責的醫療服務提供商
的形象、處理服務不足的基層醫療機構
的醫療需求
Healthcare facilities Mutual cooperation and patient referrals, 
technical assistance to lower-tier 
hospitals, multisite doctor practice
Delivery of optimal clinical solutions to 
address the different needs of patients, 
referral of patients requiring acute, complex 
and critical care from lower-tier hospitals to 
the Group, the Group’s influential presence 
in the industry
醫療機構 相互合作及病人轉診，向下級醫院提
供技術援助、醫生多點執業
提供最佳的臨床解決方案，以滿足患者
的不同需求、將較低等級醫院的急診、
疑難雜症及重症監護的患者轉診至本集
團、本集團業內有影響力的地位


===== PAGE 109 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
108
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
2. 環境保護
本集團定期追踪最新國家和地區環境
保護法律法規，並採取所有必要措施
遵守有關法律法規。董事會認為本集
團醫院及營運設施產生的污水及固體
廢物 （尤其是醫療廢物） 與環境保護尤
為相關。本集團於所有重要方面遵守
適用法律法規，包括 《中華人民共和國
水污染防治法》 、 《城鎮排水與污水處
理條例》 、 《醫療廢物管理條例》 及 《中
華人民共和國固體廢物污染環境防治
法》 。截至二零二四年十二月三十一日
止年度，本集團並無遭受與環境保護
有關的任何重大懲罰。
制定可持續最佳做法需要改變員工的
行為，而這最常見的方法是持續的員
工教育。教育及支持過程是有效實施
環保舉措及減少環境足跡的最關鍵因
素之一。
尤其是，康華醫院憑借在中國推進國
土綠化行動中傑出的表現最終獲評為
「全國綠化模範單位」 ，是國內其中少
數獲此殊榮的三級甲等醫院 . 康華醫營
造了一個超過 60%的綠地率及綠化覆
蓋率的院區，為患者提供了一個綠化
無處不在的就醫環境。二零二四年，
康華醫院獲評為東莞市 「莞香花」 生活
垃圾分類特色醫院，彰顯了我們在環
境意識及保護方面的努力。
2.1 污水
醫院在其污水中排放大量的化學
物質及微生物劑。污水中含有的
許多物質，如化學藥品、藥物殘
留物、致病性耐藥菌及病毒，抵
禦正常的污水處理，如未經處理
進入公共污水系統，可能對公共
衛生及環境造成危害。由於化學
及生物化學污染物，污水處理需
要專門的技術及過程，該等技術
及過程在源頭上或不可行。本集
團委聘合資格且持牌的服務提供
商處理其醫院產生的所有污水。
於污水經服務提供商處理之前，
將其存放在專用設施中，以確保
不會污染用於人類飲用及臨床使
用的原生水供應。
2. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
The Group regularly keeps track of the latest national and regional 
environmental laws and regulations and adopts all necessary measures 
to comply with them. The Board considers that wastewaters and solid 
wastes (particularly medical wastes) produced by the Group’s hospitals and 
operating facilities are particularly relevant to environmental protection. 
The Group is compliant with applicable laws and regulations, including, 
the Law of the PRC on the Prevention and Control of Water Pollution, the 
Regulations on Urban Drainage and Sewage Treatment, the Regulations 
on the Management of Medical Waste and the Law of the PRC on the 
Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste in all 
material respects. During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group 
had not been subject to any material penalties in relation to environmental 
protection.
Developing sustainable best practices requires modification of staff 
behavior, and this occurs most frequently through ongoing staff education. 
Education and supporting processes are one of the most critical elements 
to effective implementation of environmental protection initiatives and 
reduction in environmental footprint.
In particular, with the outstanding performance of Kanghua Hospital in 
the National Greening Action promoted by the PRC, it was recognised 
as the “Model National Greening Unit”, which is one of the few Grade A 
Class III hospital in the PRC bestowed with such award. Kanghua Hospital 
has achieved a green space and greening coverage ratio of over 60%, 
providing patients with a pleasant hospital environment surrounded by 
greenery. In 2024, Kanghua Hospital was assessed as Dongguan City’s 
“Guanxianghua” domestic waste classification specialty hospital as a 
testament to our efforts in environment awareness and protection.
2.1 Wastewaters
Hospitals discharge considerable amounts of chemicals and 
microbial agents in their wastewaters. Many substances contained 
in the wastewaters, such as chemicals, medicine residues as 
well as pathogenic resistant bacteria and viruses, resist normal 
wastewater treatment and could pose a danger to public health and 
the environment if released untreated into the public sewer system. 
Due to the chemical and biochemical contaminants, the wastewaters 
treatment requires specialised technologies and processes that 
cannot be feasibly conducted at the source. The Group engages 
a qualified and licensed service provider to process all of the 
wastewaters produced by its hospitals. Before the wastewaters 
are processed by the service provider, they are stored in dedicated 
facilities to ensure they will not contaminate the primary water supply 
for human consumption and clinical use.


===== PAGE 110 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
109
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
下表載列於所示年度有關經營業
務的污水排放量：
於二零二四年的污水排放增加主
要由於本集團有關經營業務的
用水量增加，尤其是由於在二零
二四年一月收購血液透析服務業
務，致使年內整體用水量增加。
污水排放是本集團臨床業務的組
成部分，一般預計會隨著業務增
長而增加。管理層目前認為，在
不影響衛生及臨床安全 （其對公
共衛生及安全至關重要） 情況下
實行任何舉措或政策來控制或減
少污水排放量不可行。本集團定
期檢討其污水處理方案，以確保
其供水不會出現疏忽的污染及在
服務提供商處理之前，污水將由
醫院及血液透析門診中心妥善處
理。管理層認為，醫院及血液透
析門診中心產生的污水在得到服
務提供商的妥善處理後，對環境
造成的風險微乎其微。
The table below sets forth the discharge volume of wastewaters by 
the Relevant Operations for the years indicated:
Change 2024 2023
變動 二零二四年 二零二三年
Wastewaters discharge (ton) 污水排放 （噸） +29.5% 521,529 402,877
Wastewaters discharge per gross  
floor area (ton/gross floor area)
每建築面積的污水排放
（噸╱建築面積） +26.2% 0.98 0.77
The increase in wastewaters discharge in 2024 was primarily due to 
the increase in water usage by the Relevant Operations of the Group 
in particular due to the acquisition of our haemodialysis services 
operations in January 2024 which resulted in the increase in the 
overall water usage during the year.
The discharge of wastewaters is integral to the Group’s clinical 
operations and is generally expected to increase in line with business 
growth. The management does not currently consider that it is 
feasible to implement any initiatives or policies to control or reduce 
the amount of wastewaters discharge without compromising sanity 
and clinical safety, which are of overriding importance to public 
health and safety. The Group regularly reviews its wastewaters 
treatment protocols with a view to ensuring there is no inadvertent 
contamination of its water supply and that the wastewaters will be 
properly handled by the hospitals and haemodialysis outpatient 
centers before treated by the service provider. The management 
believes that the wastewaters produced by the hospitals and 
haemodialysis outpatient centers, after properly treated by the service 
provider, will pose minimal risks to the environment.


===== PAGE 111 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
110
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
2.2 有害固體廢物
一般而言，醫院業務在患者的診
斷、治療或免疫接種或研究中產
生各種固體醫療廢物，如不妥善
處理及處置，可對公共衛生及環
境構成危害。含有病原體的物質
具傳染性，如暴露在外，則會造
成疾病。該等物質包括：
• 人體解剖廢物：傳染病患
者手術及屍體解剖的廢物；
• 銳器：一次性針頭、 注射器、
鋸、刀片、破碎的玻璃、指
甲或任何可能導致割傷的
物品；及
• 病理：組織、器官、身體部
位、人體、胎兒、血液及體
液。
非傳染性但有害廢物包括：
• 藥品：從病房退回、溢出、
過期、被污染或不再需要
的藥物及化學藥品；及
• 放射性：用於疾病診斷及
治療的放射性物質污染的
廢物。
本集團醫院及血液透析門診中心
已制定一套全面的醫療廢物管理
制度：
1. 廢物類型的識別及分離：
以顏色編碼系統及明確的
操作指引及手冊在負責人
員監督下從源頭 （病房、手
術室、化驗室，檢查室等）
分離不同類型廢物。有效
的分離減少廢物總量及醫
院的環境足跡；
2.2 Hazardous solid wastes
Hospital operations, in general, generate a variety of solid medical 
wastes in the diagnosis, treatment or immunization of patients 
or in research that can pose a danger to public health and the 
environment if not properly treated and disposed of. Materials 
containing pathogens are infectious can cause diseases if exposed. 
These include:
• human anatomical waste: waste from surgery and autopsies 
on patients with infectious diseases;
• sharps: disposable needles, syringes, saws, blades, broken 
glasses, nails or any other item that could cause a cut; and
• pathological: tissues, organs, body parts, human flesh, fetuses, 
blood and body fluids.
Non-infectious but hazardous wastes include:
• pharmaceuticals: drugs and chemicals that are returned from 
wards, spilled, outdated, contaminated, or are no longer 
required; and
• radioactive: wastes contaminated with radioactive substances 
used in diagnosis and treatment of diseases.
The Group’s hospitals and haemodialysis outpatient centers have in 
place a comprehensive medical waste management system:
1. Identification and segregation of waste types: segregation of 
different types of wastes at source (wards, operation theaters, 
laboratories, examination rooms etc.) with color coding systems 
and clear operation guidelines and handbooks, supervised by 
responsible staff. Effective segregation diminishes total waste 
and the hospital’s environmental footprint;


===== PAGE 112 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
111
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
2. 廢物運輸與儲存：使用防
刺穿及防滲漏容器；袋子
妥善地捆紮及密封；使用
放射性廢物專用容器；使
用專用的運輸手推車及及
時收集；及保存在遠離正
常通道的有蓋區域，並採
取安全措施防止未經授權
再利用；
3. 識別使用個人防護裝備的
需要：識別並向負責廢物
運輸及處置的醫療人員提
供特殊服裝、手套、口罩
及眼睛保護；及
4. 妥善處理廢物：由專業從
事醫療廢物處理的合資格
且持牌服務提供商 （包括適
用廢物類型的焚化、填埋
或化學╱生物化學處理） 的
收集及後續處置。由於該
等廢物具有有害性，通常
不可回收再利用。
下表載列於所示年度有關經營業
務產生的有害固體醫療廢物量：
二零二四年產生的有害固體醫療
廢物量增加主要由於在二零二四
年一月收購血液透析服務業務，
增加了個人防護裝備的使用及醫
療廢物的產生。
2. Transport & storage of waste: use of puncture proof and leak 
proof containers; bags are properly tied and sealed; use of 
special containers for radioactive wastes; use of designated 
transport trolleys and timely collection; and storage in covered 
areas remote from normal passages with security measures to 
prevent unauthorized tempering;
3. Identify the need for use of personal protective equipment: 
special clothing, gloves, masks and eye protection identified 
and provided to the healthcare works responsible for waste 
transportation and disposal; and
4. Proper disposal of waste: collection and subsequent 
disposal by qualified and licensed service provider (including 
incineration, landfill or chemical/biochemical treatment, as 
appropriate to the type of wastes) specialized in medical 
wastes disposal. On account of the hazardous nature of these 
wastes, they are not typically recycled.
The table below sets forth the volume of hazardous solid medical 
wastes produced by the Relevant Operations for the years indicated:
Change 2024 2023
變動 二零二四年 二零二三年
Hazardous solid wastes (kg) 有害固體廢物 （公斤） +1.1% 498,344 492,707
Hazardous solid wastes per gross  
floor area (kg/gross floor area)
每建築面積的  
有害固體廢物  
（公斤╱建築面積） -1.4% 0.933 0.947
The increase in hazardous solid medical wastes produced in 2024 
was primarily due to the acquisition of our haemodialysis services 
operations in January 2024, which increased the use of personal 
protective equipment and production of medical wastes.


===== PAGE 113 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
112
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
棄置有害固體醫療廢物是本集團
臨床業務的組成部分，一般預計
會隨著業務增長而增加。管理層
目前認為，在不影響衛生及臨床
安全 （其至關重要） 情況下實行任
何舉措或政策來控制或減少有害
固體廢物產生量不可行。例如，
許多手術工具、防護口罩及手套
和注射器嚴格僅用於一次性使用；
延長其使用可能會減少廢物產生
量，但從臨床上不可接受，因為
這將大幅增加患者與員工之間交
叉感染的風險。本集團定期檢討
其廢物管理制度，確保以患者及
員工安全為首要任務，妥善遵循
整個環節中的所有步驟。管理有
害廢物的關鍵步驟之一是適當識
別及分離，因為： (i)這將確保有
害廢物不會無意中與生活垃圾混
合及在沒有妥善處理情況下進行
處置， 可能危及公共安全與環境；
及 (ii)服務提供商根據醫院的識別
及分離處理所收集的廢物。醫院
從源頭定有廢物管理責任追究制
度，定期向前線人員進行培訓，
確保嚴格遵守指引及手冊。管理
層認為，醫院及血液透析門診中
心產生的有害固體廢物經服務提
供商妥善處理後，對環境構成的
風險微乎其微。
The disposal of hazardous solid medical wastes is integral to the 
Group’s clinical operations and is generally expected to increase 
in line with business growth. The management does not currently 
consider that it is feasible to implement any initiatives or policies to 
control or reduce the production of hazardous solid wastes without 
compromising sanity and clinical safety, which are of overriding 
importance. For example, many surgical tools, protective masks and 
gloves and syringes are strictly for one-time use only; extending their 
use may reduce waste production but is not clinically acceptable as 
it significantly increases the risks of cross-infection among patients 
and staff. The Group regularly reviews its waste management 
system with a view to ensuring that all of the steps in the chain are 
properly followed with the safety of the patients and staff as top 
priority. One of the key steps in managing the hazardous wastes is 
proper identification and segregation because: (i) this ensures no 
hazardous wastes are inadvertently mixed with domestic wastes 
and disposed without proper treatment, potentially posing harm 
to public safety and environment; and (ii) the service provider 
processes the wastes collected according to the identification and 
segregation by the hospitals. The hospitals have a responsibility 
and accountability system for waste management at the source 
and provide regular trainings to the front-line staff to ensure that the 
guidelines and handbooks are strictly adhered. The management 
believes that the hazardous solid wastes produced by the hospitals  
and haemodialysis outpatient centers, after properly treated by the 
service provider, will pose minimal risks to the environment.


===== PAGE 114 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
113
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
2.3 生活垃圾
本集團的業務從辦公室、宿舍、
廚房、房間產生非傳染性且非有
害性的生活垃圾， 包括床上用品、
餐具、紙張等。該等垃圾從源頭
予以識別及分離，最終由一般廢
物服務提供商收集、處理及回收
再利用。
下表載列於所示年度有關經營業
務產生的生活垃圾量：
二零二四年產生的生活廢棄物減
少主要由於本集團有關經營業務
使用的防疫材料數量減少，加上
本集團現正實施嚴格的成本控制
及減廢措施。
本集團認真對待環境，致力於在
可行的情況下回收再利用生活垃
圾，主要包括紙張、塑料、金屬
及玻璃的回收利用。本集團要求
其員工將生活垃圾分為適當類別，
供服務提供商妥善處理。本集團
亦推崇 「無紙化」 辦公 （包括雙面
或二次印刷，除正式文件外） 、
會議的多媒體展示及增加辦公自
動化系統的使用，以減少行政文
書工作。 醫院設有一個工程部門，
於報廢設備及傢具 （如電視機、
電腦及醫院病床） 處置前將其任
何可用零件或部件進行回收。本
集團亦可將過時但可使用的物品
（如電腦） 捐贈予各慈善組織。本
集團將繼續探索可行的舉措，減
少生活垃圾產生量並加強回收力
度。
2.3 Domestic wastes
The Group’s operations generate domestic wastes that are non-
infectious and non-hazardous from the offices, dormitories, kitchens, 
rooms, including bed linens, utensils, paper, etc. These wastes are 
identified and segregated at source and are eventually collected, 
treated and recycled by general wastes service providers.
The table below sets forth the volume of domestic wastes produced 
by the Relevant Operations for the years indicated:
Change 2024 2023
變動 二零二四年 二零二三年
Domestic wastes (kg) 生活垃圾 （公斤） -1.7% 2,643,032 2,689,119
Domestic wastes per gross floor  
area (kg/gross floor area)
每建築面積的生活垃圾
（公斤╱建築面積） -4.2% 4,950 5.166
The decrease in domestic wastes produced in 2024 was primarily 
due to the decrease in the volume of pandemic prevention materials 
used by the Relevant Operations of the Group, together with the 
Group’s stringent cost control and waste reduction measures being 
implemented.
The Group is conscientious about the environment and is committed 
to the recycling of domestic wastes where feasible. This primarily 
includes the recycling of paper, plastic, metal and glass. The 
Group mandates its staff to segregate the domestic wastes into 
appropriate categories for proper handling by the service provider. 
The Group also promotes “paper-less” office, including double-
sided or secondary paper printing except for official documents, 
multimedia form of presentation in meetings and increasing the use 
of office automation system to reduce administrative paperwork. The 
hospitals have an engineering department to salvage any usable 
parts or components from decommissioned equipment and furniture, 
such as televisions, computers and hospital beds, before they are 
disposed of. The Group may also donate obsolete but functional 
items, such as computers, to various charitable organisations. The 
Group will continue to explore feasible initiatives to reduce domestic 
waste production and enhance its recycling efforts.


===== PAGE 115 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
114
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
2.4 能源消耗
醫療系統是社區最大的能源消費
機構之一。醫院一般每天 24小時
開業， 具有極為複雜的能源需求，
如特定的氣流控制及專門的供暖、
通風及空調系統。本集團醫院及
營運設施的能源消耗主要包括水
電。
下表載列於所示年度有關經營業
務消耗量：
電力消耗主要是由於空調、 水暖、
照明及高耗能的醫療設備 （如MRI
及 X 射線） 。本集團旨在減少用
電量的舉措包括：
• 探索使用空氣熱泵熱水器
及燃氣鍋爐的可行性；
• 安裝更節能的逆變式空調
系統；
• 安裝高效率 LED光源；
• 推動員工的意識及控制措
施，確保在沒有人在使用
時熄燈；
• 設立一個節能專責小組，
對空調系統及其他電氣系
統進行定期檢查，以確保
不存在無意或異常使用；
2.4 Energy consumption
Healthcare systems are among a community’s largest consumers 
of energy. Hospitals are generally open 24 hours a day and have 
sophisticated energy needs, such as particular air flow controls 
and specialized heating, ventilation and air-conditioning systems. 
The Group’s hospitals’ and operating facilities’ energy consumption 
primarily includes electricity and water.
The table below sets forth the consumption of the Relevant 
Operations for the years indicated:
Change 2024 2023
變動 二零二四年 二零二三年
Electricity (kilowatt-hours) 電力 （千瓦時） +6.3% 43,080,922 40,541,267
Electricity consumption intensity 
(kilowatt-hours per gross floor 
area)
電耗強度  
（每建築面積千瓦時）
+3.6% 80.68 77.88
Water consumption (ton) 水耗 （噸） +17.1% 931,018 794,748
Water consumption intensity 
(ton per gross floor area)
水耗強度  
（每建築面積噸） +14.2% 1.74 1.53
Electricity consumption is primarily attributable to air-conditioning, 
water heating, lighting and energy demanding medical equipment 
such as MRI and X-ray. The Group’s initiatives aimed at reducing 
electricity consumption include:
• explore the feasibility of using air heat pump water heater and 
gas-fired boiler;
• installation of inverter-type air-conditioning systems that are 
more energy-efficient;
• installation of high efficiency LED light sources;
• promote staff awareness and control measures ensure lights 
are off when no one is using;
• an energy saving task force is set up to perform regular 
inspections of air-conditioning systems and other electrical 
systems to ensure no unintended or unusual usage;


===== PAGE 116 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
115
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
• 在自動扶梯及電梯中安裝
運動觸發的照明系統；
• 通過屋頂窗戶最大限度地
利用自然光；
• 實施辦公樓巡查制度，即
各行政部門分區域負責電
力使用情況檢查並及時關
閉相關電器，包括電燈、
空調等；
• 將自動閉門器安裝在病房
中，以通過限制所需的空
氣流動量以及需要冷卻的
空間來提高能源效率；及
• 逐步用節能認證的新設備
替代過時的設備。
耗水量主要是由於冷卻設備、水
管裝置、景觀美化、醫療過程沖
洗、純淨水系統及生活用水 （水
槽、淋浴、廁所） 。本集團旨在
減少用水量的舉措包括：
• 洩漏檢測及維修；
• 使用高效噴頭；
• 使用低流量水管裝置；
• 使用運動傳感器啟動的水
龍頭及流量控制；
• 使用無水醫用真空泵；
• 使用在反滲透過程中產生
的廢水；
• 符合感染控制要求情況下
全負荷使用消毒劑、消毒
器及洗衣機；及
• 使用雨水╱土壤濕度控制
器盡量減少灌溉的用水量，
且只有在風及蒸發量最低
的時候才能使用。
• installation of motion-triggered lightning systems in escalators 
and elevators;
• maximize the use of natural sunlight via roof windows;
• implement a system of inspecting office buildings; every 
administrative department is responsible for the inspection of 
power consumption and timely turning off related electrical 
appliances, including lighting, air conditioning and so on;
• installation of automatic door closers in wards with a view 
to increasing energy efficiency by limiting the amount of air 
movement required, as well as the space that needs to be 
cooled; and
• gradually replace obsolete equipment with new equipment 
that are certified for energy efficiency.
Water consumption is primarily attributable to cooling equipment, 
plumbing fixtures, landscaping, medical process rinses, pure water 
systems and domestic uses (sinks, showers, toilets). The Group’s 
initiatives aimed at reducing water consumption include:
• leak detection and repair;
• use of high-efficiency showerheads;
• use of low-flow plumbing fixtures;
• use of motion sensor-activated faucets and flow control;
• use of waterless medical vacuum pumps;
• use of reject water produced in the reverse-osmosis process;
• use full loads in sanitizers, sterilizers and laundry washing 
machines, consistent with infection control requirements; and
• minimize water use for irrigation with rain/soil moisture 
controllers and only during times when wind and evaporation 
are lowest.


===== PAGE 117 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
116
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
因在康華醫院安裝了逾1,500 個
高效水龍頭等節水措施，本集團
節水成效顯著。
過往，東莞市人民政府屬下的東
莞市水務局通過對節水規章制度、
節水載體建設、用水計劃管理、
節水投入機制等方面的評審，向
康華醫院頒發了 「東莞市節水型
單 位 」。
本集團將繼續監督上述舉措的有
效性，並探尋新的創新方法實現
節水，進而促進節電。
於報告期間，我們的用電量和用
水量分別增加6.3% 及 17.1%，主
要由於在二零二四年一月收購血
液透析服務業務而擴大營運規模
所致。我們將繼續加大力度最大
限度地減少消耗，包括更廣泛地
安裝節水灑水系統、電子照明傳
感器及自動水龍頭傳感器。
2.5 抗生素處方
抗菌素耐藥性是全球公共衛生的
一項挑戰，過度使用抗生素會造
成耐藥性加劇。抗菌素耐藥性加
劇是導致嚴重感染、併發症、住
院時間延長及死亡率上升的原因。
抗生素處方過量亦可能伴隨著不
利影響的風險增加，復發頻率增
加及自限性條件的醫療化增加。
本集團醫院醫生不時不可避免地
向患者開出抗生素處方。本集團
致力於通過消除不必要或次優處
方審慎開出抗生素處方。本集團
的不懈努力，使抗生素處方使用
率維持在合理且可接受的水平。
The Group achieved remarkable water saving on account of, among 
other water-saving initiatives, the installation of more than 1,500 high-
efficiency waterheads at Kanghua Hospital. 
In the past, Kanghua Hospital has been awarded by the Dongguan 
Water Authority under the Dongguan Municipal People’s Government, 
the “Water-Saving Unit of Dongguan” upon passing evaluations on 
various aspects, including water-saving rules and regulations, water-
saving containers and infrastructure, water usage planning and 
management and water-saving mechanism implementation.
The Group will continue to oversee the effectiveness of the above 
initiatives and explore new and innovative ways to achieve water 
saving, which will in turn contribute to electricity saving.
During the Reporting Period, our electricity and water consumption 
have increased by 6.3% and 17.1%, respectively, which was mainly 
attributable to expanded scale of operations due to the acquisition 
of our haemodialysis services operations in January 2024. We will 
continue to enhance our efforts in minimizing consumption, including 
more extensive installation of efficient water saving sprinkler systems, 
electronic lighting sensors and automatic water tap sensors.
2.5 Antibiotics prescription
Antimicrobial resistance is a global public health challenge, which 
is aggravated by the overuse of antibiotics. Increased antimicrobial 
resistance is the cause of severe infections, complications, longer 
hospital stays and increased mortality. Antibiotics over-prescription is 
also potentially associated with an increased risk of adverse effects, 
more frequent re-attendance and increased medicalization of self-
limiting conditions.
Inevitably, doctors at the Group’s hospitals prescribe antibiotics to 
patients from time to time. The Group is committed to the judicious 
prescription of antibiotics by eliminating unnecessary or sub-optimal 
prescriptions. The Group’s continuous efforts have maintained 
antibiotics prescription at a reasonable and acceptable rate.


===== PAGE 118 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
117
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
本集團的臨床治理追踪衡量抗生
素處方的若干參數，詳情載列下
表 （以下資料僅包括提供入院治
療 （住院及門診） 服務的經營業
務 ）：
The Group’s clinical governance tracks a number of parameters to 
gauge the prescription of antibiotics as set forth in the table below 
(the information below only include those operations that provides 
hospitalised (inpatient and outpatient) services):
2024 2023 Standard
Kanghua Hospital 康華醫院 二零二四年 二零二三年 標準
Rate of antibiotics prescription 
for Outpatients
門診患者抗生素處方率
10.6% 12.0% ≤20%
Rate of antibiotics prescription 
for emergency treatment
抗生素處方用於緊急  
治療的比率 24.4% 25.6% ≤40%
Rate of antibiotics prescription 
for inpatients
住院患者抗生素處方率
41.1% 43.3% ≤60%
2024 2023 Standard
Renkang Hospital 仁康醫院 二零二四年 二零二三年 標準
Rate of antibiotics prescription  
for Outpatients
門診患者抗生素處方率
13.0% 13.4% ≤20%
Rate of antibiotics prescription  
for emergency treatment
抗生素處方用於緊急  
治療的比率 21.8% 25.2% ≤40%
Rate of antibiotics prescription  
for inpatients
住院患者抗生素處方率
55.7% 57.4% ≤60%
2024 2023 Standard
Kangxin Hospital 康心醫院 二零二四年 二零二三年 標準
Rate of antibiotics prescription  
for Outpatients
門診患者抗生素處方率
3.1% 3.5% ≤20%
Rate of antibiotics prescription  
for emergency treatment
抗生素處方用於緊急  
治療的比率 3.6% 5.6% ≤40%
Rate of antibiotics prescription  
for inpatients
住院患者抗生素處方率
18.3% 14.0% ≤60%


===== PAGE 119 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
118
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
本集團倡導審慎開出抗生素處方
的舉措包括 ：
• 為醫生及患者提供過度使
用抗生素的長期及全社會
後果的教育及臨床決策支
持；
• 教育患者遵照處方使用抗
生素的重要性；
• 醫生應始終遵循合理、安
全及有效的抗生素處方原
則；
• 抗生素盡可能於細菌感染
時方可按正確藥效時間的
適當劑量開出處方；
• 應盡可能選擇窄譜抗生素，
以避免連同致病細菌一起
破壞有益細菌群；
2024 2023 Standard
Anhui Hualin Group 安徽樺霖集團 二零二四年 二零二三年 標準
Rate of antibiotics prescription  
for Outpatients
門診患者抗生素處方率
3.3% 13.3% ≤20%
Rate of antibiotics prescription  
for emergency treatment
抗生素處方用於緊急  
治療的比率 0% 0% ≤40%
Rate of antibiotics prescription  
for inpatients
住院患者抗生素處方率
3.6% 15.3% ≤60%
The Group’s initiatives to the judicious prescription of antibiotics 
include:
• providing education and clinical decision support to doctors 
and patients regarding the long-term and community-wide 
consequences of overusing antibiotics;
• patients should be educated of the importance of following the 
use of antibiotics according to prescription;
• doctors should always follow the principle of rational, safe and 
effective antibiotics prescription;
• antibiotics should be prescribed only for bacterial infections 
whenever possible and in the proper dose for the correct 
duration;
• narrow spectrum antibiotics should be chosen whenever 
possible to avoid destroying populations of beneficial bacteria 
along with the disease-causing bacteria;


===== PAGE 120 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
119
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
• 發佈醫生遵循的內部臨床
指引，特別是針對常見的
感染，以改善抗生素使用；
• 盡可能交替使用不同類別
的抗生素；
• 制定問責制度，促使醫生
負責任地開出抗生素處方；
• 嚴格禁止製藥公司提供任
何形式的好處或回扣鼓勵
醫生開出更多的抗生素處
方；及
• 與包括中國疾病預防控制
中心在內的監管機構及醫
療組織定期溝通，了解最
新的社區疾病威脅及爆發
情況，以期酌情修改抗生
素處方策略。
3. 僱傭
本集團的成功十分依賴於吸引、培養
及留住員工的能力。本集團遵循公開
公平的招聘方式，並充分保護員工權
利。截至二零二四年十二月三十一
日止年度，本集團繼續努力在員工支
持、發展及培訓上作出改進及創新，
以創造安全舒適的工作環境和提供公
平的學院式學習及發展平台。本集團
秉著 「康華人」 的精神以與員工保持和
諧關係為榮。截至二零二四年十二月
三十一日，本集團共有全職員工 4,320
人 （二零二三年：3,946人） 並且所有員
工都主要位於中國。
• publish internal clinical guidelines for doctors to follow, 
especially for common infections, with a view to improving 
antibiotics use;
• rotating use of different classes of antibiotics where possible;
• accountability systems to prompt responsible prescription of 
antibiotics by doctors;
• strictly prohibit any form of advantages or rebates provided by 
pharmaceutical companies to incentivize doctors to prescribe 
more antibiotics; and
• regular communications with regulators and healthcare 
organizations, including the Chinese Center for Disease Control 
and Prevention, to understand the latest community threats 
and outbreaks with a view to modifying antibiotics prescription 
strategy as appropriate.
3. EMPLOYMENT
The success of the Group depends critically on its ability to attract, develop 
and retain its staff. The Group adheres to fair and open recruitment 
practices, and provides its staff with adequate protection of rights. During 
the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group continued to strive for 
improvements and innovations in staff support, development and training 
to create a safe and comfortable working environment and provide a fair 
and collegial learning and development platform. The Group prides itself on 
maintaining harmonious relationships with its staff in the spirit of “Kanghua 
People”. As of 31 December 2024, the Group had a total of 4,320 (2023: 
3,946) full-time staff and all employees are primarily located in the PRC.


===== PAGE 121 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
120
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
3.1 招聘
招聘是本集團持續增長的重要組
成部分。本集團的招聘流程採取
擇優錄用，面向所有合資格人士
開放。除通過職位晉升及工作輪
換進行內部招聘外，本集團亦開
展外部招聘活動。醫療專業人士
在廣東省備受歡迎。因此，本集
團策略性地向中國其他省份擴展
招聘工作。本集團實施一系列互
聯網招聘活動以接觸廣泛的潛在
候選人，並在多個省份的主要醫
學院及護理學校進行校園招聘活
動以吸引廣東省外人才。本集團
與學術機構的教學關係讓其可物
色到潛在年輕醫療專業人士並在
早期進行招聘。本集團亦制訂多
項推薦計劃以從現有員工社會網
絡中物色潛在候選人。獲推薦員
工的保留率通常較高及更加投入。
作為招聘流程的一部分，本集團
會審核及核實員工身份與背景，
確保不會僱用童工或發生強迫勞
動。視乎被聘用的職位，本集團
亦會進行背景調查以確保潛在候
選人提供的資料真實。本集團已
採納 《招聘流程管理制度》 以使招
聘方式標準化。
本集團嚴格遵守相關法律法規，
如 《中華人民共和國勞動法》 及
《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》 ，
並與員工訂立勞動合同。本集團
各家醫院及營運設施均已成立工
會以保護員工權利及權益，並鼓
勵員工參與本集團經營管理。
3.2 平等就業機會
本集團是平等就業僱主。本集團
為所有員工在公平、透明、無歧
視環境中提供平等機會。女性員
工擁有與男性員工平等機會，不
會因為懷孕而受歧視。在招聘及
職業發展中亦不容忍任何宗教或
種族歧視。
3.1 Recruitment
Recruitment is an important component to the continuous growth 
of the Group. The Group’s recruitment process is merit based and 
is open to all qualified personnel. In addition to internal recruitment 
by job promotion and rotation, the Group also carries out external 
recruitment activities. Healthcare professionals are highly sought after 
in Guangdong Province. Therefore, the Group strategically extends 
its recruitment efforts to other provinces in the PRC. The Group 
implements a series of internet recruitment campaigns to reach a 
wide base of potential candidates and on campus recruitment drives 
in key medical schools and nursing schools in multiple provinces to 
attract talent out of Guangdong Province. Teaching affiliations with 
academic institutions enable the Group to identify potential young 
healthcare professionals and recruit them early on. The Group also 
has in place various referral schemes to identify potential candidates 
from its existing staff’s social networks. Referred staff generally has 
higher retention rates and increased engagement. The Group audits 
and verifies staff identify and background as part of the recruitment 
process to ensure no child labor or forced labour is employed. 
Depending on the position being hired, the Group also conducts 
background checks to ensure the veracity of information provided 
by the potential candidate. The Group has adopted a Recruitment 
Process Management Policy to standardize its recruitment practice.
The Group strictly abides by the relevant laws and regulations such 
as the Labor Law of the PRC and the Labor Contract Law of the PRC, 
and enters into labor contracts with its staff. Each of the Group’s 
hospitals and operating facilities has adopted a labor union to protect 
the rights and interests of its staff and encourage them to participate 
in the management of the Group’s operations.
3.2 Equal opportunities employer
The Group is an equal opportunities employer. The Group provides 
equal opportunities to all staff in a fair, transparent and non-
discriminatory environment. Female staff has equal opportunities 
as male staff, and would not prejudiced because of pregnancy. No 
religious or racial discrimination is tolerated in recruitment and career 
development.


===== PAGE 122 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
121
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
下表載列所示年度有關經營業務
按年齡組別和性別劃分的員工 （主
要為我們的全職僱員） 人數：
The table below sets forth the employees (who are primarily our 
full time employees) by age group and gender by the Relevant 
Operations as at the years indicated:
As at 31 December 2024
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日
Age Group/
Gender
年齡組別╱
性別
Kanghua Hospital Renkang Hospital
Kangxin
 Hospital
Renkang Elderly 
Care Centre
Anhui Hualin 
Group
Kanghua 
Hemodialysis 
Group Total Staff
康華醫院 仁康醫院 康心醫院 仁康護理院 安徽樺霖集團
康華
血液透析集團 總人數
Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female
男 女 男 女 男 女 男 女 男 女 男 女 男 女
Age 51 or above 51歲或以上 92 69 58 30 18 12 21 40 44 41 4 7 237 199
Age between  
31 to 50
31至 50歲
275 644 99 189 58 132 8 24 78 323 28 110 546 1,422
Age below 30 30歲或以下 170 709 50 200 13 102 0 17 108 414 10 96 351 1,538
537 1,422 207 419 89 246 29 81 230 778 42 213 1,134 3,159
As at 31 December 2023
截至二零二三年十二月三十一日
Age Group/
Gender
年齡組別╱
性別
Kanghua Hospital Renkang Hospital
Kangxin
 Hospital
Renkang Elderly Care 
Centre Anhui Hualin Group Total Staff
康華醫院 仁康醫院 康心醫院 仁康護理院 安徽樺霖集團 總人數
Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female
男 女 男 女 男 女 男 女 男 女 男 女
Age 51 or above 51歲或以上 88 64 48 29 12 12 20 41 64 56 232 202
Age between  
31 to 50
31至 50歲
278 610 98 157 60 118 8 24 75 372 519 1,281
Age below 30 30歲或以下 165 753 25 186 16 123 0 16 82 337 288 1,415
531 1,427 171 372 88 253 28 81 221 765 1,039 2,898


===== PAGE 123 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
122
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
3.3 員工薪酬及留任
本集團的全面員工薪酬及留任政
策旨在獎勵員工表現及長期留住
員工。該政策主要包括： (i)經濟
部分，當中包括參考個人職位、
資歷及服務年限釐定的基本薪金、
參考個人職能特定指標釐定的績
效花紅及其他福利；及 (ii)非經濟
部分，當中包括個人發展、工作
挑戰性及滿意度、成就感、工作
環境、工作安全及職業晉升。本
集團定期以可用市場數據為基準，
調整其薪酬結構， 以保持競爭力。
雖然財務獎勵是留住員工的一個
重要因素，但本集團認識到，單
純的財務獎勵並不足以可持續地
改善招聘及留任情況。因此，本
集團同樣重視非經濟因素，尤其
是個人發展、工作環境及共同治
理。本集團的職業晉升渠道透明
可行。本集團為員工提供平台及
支持，以在其選擇領域進行醫學
教育及研究。
為留住及培養人才，本集團積極
發掘高潛質員工，向彼等提供額
外培訓機會、行業曝光及職業快
速晉升通道。通過提供新技能培
訓及外部課程學費報銷，本集團
的員工將體會到自身價值，認識
到自身重要性並投身於本集團。
本集團定期進行員工評價以討論
成就、優勢及進步領域，並設定
個人目標，以確保員工因其貢獻
而感受到激勵及獎勵。本集團保
持與員工的公開溝通渠道，使之
獲悉最新進展，並向彼等提供機
會表達個人意見。本集團亦認識
到，其醫療專業人士，尤其是醫
生及護士，可能因工作性質而不
時承受巨大壓力及面臨苛刻工作
環境，這可能導致人員流失。本
集團積極監控員工心理健康，並
在適當時提供諮詢及支持安排。
本集團定期計量員工工作時數，
以發現超工作負荷的員工，並在
必要時作出替代人員安排。本集
團旨在打造強有力的組織文化，
通過多個職能部門及活動培養員
工歸屬感。本集團認為，營造健
康和諧的工作環境將長期提高員
工士氣及生產力。
3.3 Staff remuneration and retention
The Group’s comprehensive staff remuneration and retention policy 
is designed with a view to rewarding staff performance and long 
term staff retention. It primarily includes: (i) economic components 
comprising basic salary determined with reference to the individual’s 
position, seniority and length of service, performance bonus 
determined with reference to the metrics specific to the individual’s 
job function and other benefits; and (ii) non-economic components 
comprising personal development, job challenge and satisfaction, 
recognition, work environment, work safety and career advancement. 
The Group regularly benchmarks against available market data 
and adjusts its remuneration structure with a view to remaining 
competitive. While financial incentives are an important factor in 
staff retention, the Group recognizes that they alone are not enough 
to improve recruitment and retention in a sustainable manner. 
Therefore, the Group places equal emphasis on non-economic 
factors, in particular personal development, work environment and 
collegiality. The Group’s career advancement track is transparent and 
achievable. The Group provides a platform and support for its staff to 
undertake medical education and research in their field of choice.
With a view to retaining and developing talent, the Group actively 
identifies high potential staff and provide them with additional 
training opportunities, industry exposure and an accelerated career 
track. By providing training for new skills and tuition reimbursement 
for external courses, the Group’s staff will feel valued, important and 
invested in the Group. The Group regularly carries out staff appraisals 
to discuss achievements, strengths, and areas for development, and 
to set personal objectives with a view to ensuring they feel motivated 
and appreciated for their contribution. The Group maintains open 
channels of communication with its staff to keep them informed 
of the latest developments and provide them with opportunities to 
voice their opinions. The Group also recognises that its healthcare 
professionals, in particular doctors and nurses, may be subject to 
a high pressure and demanding work environment from time to 
time due to their job nature, which may result in attrition. The Group 
actively monitors the emotional wellbeing of its staff and provide 
counselling and supporting arrangements where appropriate. The 
Group regularly gauges the working hours of its staff to identify 
any staff with excessive workloads and makes alternative staffing 
arrangements if necessary. The Group aims to build a strong 
organisational culture to cultivate a sense of belonging among its 
staff through various staff functions and events. The Group believes 
that the creation of a healthy and harmonious working environment 
will improve staff morale and productivity in the long term.


===== PAGE 124 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
123
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
In 2024, the Group began the year with 3,946 (2023: 3,848) full-
time staff, added 728 (which included 243 full-time staff of Kanghua 
Haemodialysis Group acquired in 2024) (2023: 362) full-time staff and 
lost 354 (2023: 264) full-time staff during the year. As at 31 December 
2024, the Group had a total of 4,320 (2023: 3,946) full-time staff. The 
attrition rate of full-time staff (including doctors, nurses, administrative 
and other support staff) of the Group for 2024 was 8.6% (2023: 6.8%). 
The attrition rate of doctors of the Group for 2024 was 13.4% (2023: 
5.9%). The increase in attrition rate was primarily attributable to the 
volatility in turnover of professional staff which reflects the shortage 
of, and intensifying competition for , talent in the healthcare market in 
general.
3.4 Training and development
The Group provides structured training and education programmes 
to enable its staff to consistently deliver high quality services. These 
programmes aim to equip the staff with a sound foundation of the 
medical principles and knowledge as well as practical skills in their 
respective practice area and foster a high standard of practice, 
organisation capability and vigilant attitude. Regular internal and 
external mandatory trainings are organised for medical staff to 
keep them abreast of the latest development in healthcare. From 
time to time, the Group identifies and sponsors its staff with high 
development potential to undertake further studies and professional 
training in prestigious academic institutions and participate in 
industry conventions. Medical teams also benefit from the experience 
and knowledge exchange during seminars and sharing sessions 
regularly held. The Group encourages medical staff to apply for 
professional and technical qualifications and enroll in specialised 
training programmes and assessments from time to time, including 
induction training for new employees, development training for young 
and middle-aged core talent, medical service quality training and 
management training for young core talent, with a view to ensuring 
that their relevant professional competencies meet the required 
standards. Through various training and education programmes, the 
Group also aims to foster a proactive risk reporting culture among 
staff, which is important in the early detection of clinical failure and 
damage control.
二零二四年，本集團年初全職員
工為 3,946人 （二零二三年：3,848
人） ， 年內增加全職員工728人（ 包
括二零二四年收購的康華血液透
析集團的 243名全職員工） （二零
二三年：362人） 及流失全職員工
354 人 （二零二三年：264 人 ）。
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，
本集團共有全職員工 4,320人（ 二
零二三年： 3,946人） 。二零二四
年，本集團的全職員工 （包括醫
生、護士、行政及其他支援的員
工） 流失率為8.6%（二零二三年：
6.8% ） 。二零二四年，本集團的
醫生流失率為13.4% （二零二三
年：5.9% ） 。流失率上升主要由
於專業人員流失率的波動性，反
映出醫療市場整體人才短缺及競
爭加劇。
3.4 培訓及發展
本集團提供系統培訓及教育計劃，
以使員工能夠持續提供高質量的
服務。該等計劃旨在裝備員工，
使其具備彼等各自實踐領域的醫
療原則及知識以及執業技能的堅
實基礎，並培養高標準的實踐、
組織能力及嚴謹態度。本集團為
醫務人員組織定期的內部及外部
強制性培訓，以使彼等了解醫療
的最新進展。本集團會不時甄選
出發展潛力大的員工及贊助彼等
在著名學術機構進一步開展學習
及專業培訓以及參加行業會議。
醫療團隊亦從定期舉行的研討會
及分享會上的經驗及知識交流中
受益。本集團鼓勵醫務人員報考
專業技術職稱及不定期接受內部
人員專項培訓及考核，包括新員
工入職培訓、中青年骨幹拓展培
訓、醫療服務質量培訓以及青年
幹部管理培訓等，以確保彼等之
相關業務能力符合標準。通過各
種培訓及教育計劃，本集團亦力
圖在員工中培養主動風險報告文
化，這對於及早發現臨床誤診及
損害控制實屬重要。


===== PAGE 125 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
124
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
本集團已採納 《繼續教育培訓管
理制度》 。該培訓制度由三個主
要組成部分支持：
• 科教部主要負責臨床技能
的培訓；
• 護理部主要負責護理及照
料病患技能的培訓；及
• 人力資源部主要負責員工
管理能力、文化價值及技
術技能的全面培訓。
下表載列於所示年度為有關經營
業務的本集團員工提供的培訓時
數：
參與人數減少的主要原因是隨著  
COVID-19的影響於二零二三年開
始消退，針對現有員工 （非新招
募人員） 的培訓活動穩定正常化。
然而，培訓工時的顯著增加是由
於二零二四年護士的高流失率，
因此有必要為新入職護士提供更
多的培訓；此外，因應近期醫療
系統中的國家政策變更，我們為
一般員工提供更多的培訓，以使
彼等熟悉新的標準及規程。
The Group has adopted a Continuing Education and Training 
Management Policy. The training system is supported by three major 
components:
• the science and education department is primarily responsible 
for training on clinical skills;
• the nursing department is primarily responsible for training on 
nursing and patient caretaking skills; and
• the human resources department is primarily responsible 
for comprehensive training on staff management capability, 
cultural values and technical skills.
The table below sets forth the number of training hours provided to 
the Group’s staff of the Relevant Operations for the years indicated:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
Male Female Total Male Female Total
男性 女性 總計 男性 女性 總計
Number of participants 參與人次
Doctors 醫生 6,425 6,343 12,768 10,546 6,004 16,550
Nurses 護士 586 36,990 37,576 515 39,570 40,085
Others 其他 245 325 570 588 910 1,498
7,256 43,658 50,914 11,649 46,484 58,133
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
Male Female Total Male Female Total
男性 女性 總計 男性 女性 總計
Training man-hours (Hours) 培訓時數 （小時）
Doctors 醫生 70,837 67,956 138,793 121,812 39,466 161,278
Nurses 護士 7,262 74,876 82,138 4,238 43,146 47,384
Others 其他 2,989 4,302 7,291 2,642 4,243 6,885
81,088 147,134 228,222 128,692 86,855 215,547
The decrease in the number of participants was primarily due to the 
steady normalization of training activities conducted for existing staff 
(non-newly recruited) as the impact of COVD-19 began to subside in 
2023. However, the significant increase in training man-hours was 
due to the high attrition rate of nurses in 2024 which necessitated 
more training for newly joined nurses; furthermore, in response to 
recent national policy changes in the healthcare system, we have 
provided more trainings to our staff in general to familiarize them 
with new standards and protocols.


===== PAGE 126 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
125
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
3.5 工作場所健康及安全
本集團高度重視職業安全，努力
消除潛在工作場所健康及安全危
害。本集團維持內部審核及檢查
制度，以確保醫院範圍內患者、
公眾及員工的安全。審核過程旨
在保證工作場所處於不斷的監控
中，以及與設定標準有關的不足
之處得到整改。本集團確保定期
檢查及審查醫院各科室的安全問
題 （如醫療安全、環境安全及職
業安全） 。本集團積極鼓勵員工
按無反覆基準報告健康及安全事
故及風險，而從主動監控中了解
的情況及從事故回顧中發現的問
題會用於進一步改善及完善培訓
計劃、政策及工作實踐。截至二
零二四年十二月三十一日止年度，
本集團在關於提供安全工作環境
及保障僱員免於職業危險的所有
重大方面，符合及採用適用法律
法規。
本集團堅持完善醫院、科室兩級
感染防控體系建設，進一步明確
了科室感染防控小組職能，修訂
感染防控制度、 流程及應急預案，
並加強相關培訓與教育，以此不
斷規範科室感染防控管理。本集
團進行定期消毒，控制傳染性疾
病在醫院的潛在傳播。本集團已
建立監測系統，密切監控其醫院
的醫院感染現患率，確保此類事
故維持在極低水平，以符合適用
標準。本集團亦提供定期的職業
安全教育及培訓，以增強員工的
安全問題意識。本集團向員工提
供定期健康評估以監控彼等的整
體健康，尤其是，針對經常暴露
於高風險環境 （如輻射及臨床廢
棄物） 的員工，本集團採用嚴格
的評估方案，以確保彼等面臨的
風險在可接受安全限度內。該等
員工獲提供充分保護裝置，並定
期被要求休假數日以盡量降低輻
射的長期健康影響。各名相關員
工均須遵守醫院制定的具體程序
及指引，包括 《醫務人員執業暴
露防護與報告制度》 。本集團會
不時聘請第三方專家評估醫院安
全及保護措施的有效性。
3.5 Workplace health and safety
The Group highly values occupational safety and strives to eliminate 
potential workplace health and safety hazards. The Group maintains 
an internal audit and inspection program to ensure the safety of 
the hospital premises for patients, the public and staff. The aim of 
the audit process is to ensure that the workplace is continuously 
monitored and that deficiencies in relation to set standards are 
remedied. The Group ensures that each of its hospital departments is 
periodically inspected and audited for safety issues, such as medical 
treatment safety, environment safety and occupational safety. 
The Group actively encourages staff to report health and safety 
incidents and risks on a no repercussion basis, and the learning 
from proactive monitoring and findings from incident reviews is 
used to improve further and refine training programmes, policies 
and working practices. For the year ended 31 December 2024, the 
Group had, in all material respects, complied with applicable laws 
and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group relating 
to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees 
from occupational hazards.
The Group is committed to improving the construction of infection 
prevention and control systems at both the hospital level and 
discipline level, further clarifying the functions of infection prevention 
and control teams, revising the infection prevention and control 
policies, processes and contingency plans, and strengthening 
the relevant training and education with a view to consistently 
standardizing infection prevention and control management. 
The Group conducts regular sanitisation to contain the potential 
spread of infectious diseases at its hospitals. The Group has 
established surveillance systems to closely monitor the prevalence of 
nosocomial infections at its hospitals and ensure that such incidents 
are maintained at a very low level in compliance with applicable 
standards. The Group also provides periodical occupational safety 
education and training to augment its staff’s awareness of safety 
issues. The Group provides its staff with regular health assessment 
to monitor their overall health. In particular, the Group adopts 
stringent assessment protocols for its staff that are regularly exposed 
to high-risk environments such as radiation and clinical wastes to 
ensure their exposure is within acceptable safety limits. Such staff 
are provided with adequate protective gears and are regularly 
required to take days off to minimize the long term health effects of 
radiation. Each relevant staff is required to follow specific procedures 
and guidelines laid down by the hospital, including Medical Staff 
Occupational Exposure Protection and Reporting Policy. From 
time to time, the Group engages third party experts to assess the 
effectiveness of the hospitals’ safety and protective measures.


===== PAGE 127 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
126
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
本集團認識到醫療暴力近年來已
成為中國許多醫務專業人員面臨
的工作場所安全危害。 有鑒於此，
本集團已制定內部指引並提供培
訓，以使員工更好做好準備處理
有關情況，包括制定患者暴力風
險評估，啟用醫院內不良事件網
絡直接上報系統，以及根據國家
最近頒發的 《醫療糾紛預防與處
理條例》 ，結合醫院實際情況，
建立患者安全預警管理體系。保
衛科能夠調派在處理醫療暴力事
件方面經驗豐富的安保人員。在
必要情況下，本集團亦會與警察
局及執法機構密切合作，彼等將
能在接到通知後短時間內向醫院
派遣人員。
下表載列於所示年度有關經營業
務的主要健康及安全資料：
於報告期間，我們的健康與安全
指標的相關關鍵指標一直維持在
合理及可接受的水平。
The Group recognizes that medical violence has in recent years 
become a workplace safety hazard faced by many medical 
professionals in the PRC. In light of this, the Group has established 
internal guidelines and provided trainings to better prepare its staff 
in handling such situations, including setting a risk assessment of 
patient violence, implementing an on-line direct reporting system 
for adverse events of hospitals and adhering to the Regulations on 
Prevention and Treatment of Medical Disputes recently issued by 
the government and taking into account the actual circumstances of 
the hospitals to establish an early warning management system for 
patient safety. The department of security is able to dispatch security 
officers experienced in handling incidents of medical violence. 
The Group also works closely with the police bureaus and law 
enforcement agencies who will be able to dispatch officers in short 
notice to the hospitals if necessary.
The table below sets forth key health and safety information of the 
Relevant Operations for the years indicated:
2024 2023 2022
二零二四年 二零二三年 二零二二年
Number of staff contracting 
infections due to occupation
因職業接觸感染員工人數
– – –
Number of staff deaths due to 
occupation
因職業死亡員工人數
– – –
Number of staff disabilities due to 
occupation
因職業殘疾員工人數
– – –
Number of man-days lost due to  
occupation related injuries or 
illness
因職業相關傷病損失  
工日天數
– – 137
The relevant key metrics of our health and safety indicators had 
remained at a reasonable and acceptable level during the Reporting 
Period.


===== PAGE 128 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
127
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
4. 服務質量
誠如本集團宗旨 「蒼生為念• 厚德載醫」
所體現者，本集團在為所有患者治療
時採取以患者為中心的方式，患者安
康是其價值核心。本集團高度重視為
患者提供一貫的優質服務與支持，這
對其長期成功至關重要。考慮到患者
安全、患者滿意度及服務效率，本集
團以合乎道德的方式、以盡可能好的
質量為患者提供護理。
4.1 患者滿意度及投訴
本集團的醫院及門診中心設有專
責客戶服務部以收集及計量患者
反饋。通過主動延伸服務及積極
應答溝通，客戶服務部是確保患
者體驗積極的重要組成部分。下
表載列於所示年度本集團客戶服
務的主要經營數據：
服務患者人次增加主要由於在二
零二四年一月收購血液透析服務
業務而擴大營運規模所致；及康
華醫院及仁康醫院於二零二四年
透過網上平台進一步提升了門診
客服若干方面的效率及自動化。
4. SERVICE QUALITY
As embodied in the Group’s motto “Empathic • Virtuous Medical Practice” 
(蒼生為念 • 厚德載醫), the Group adopts a patient-centric approach in 
treating all patients, the well-being of whom form the core of its values. The 
Group places a high priority on providing patients with consistently high 
quality service and support, which is crucial to its long-term success. The 
Group provides patient care in an ethical manner, and at the best possible 
quality, taking into consideration patient safety, patients’ satisfaction and 
service efficiency.
4.1 Patient satisfaction and complaints
The Group’s hospitals and outpatient centers have a dedicated 
customer service department to collect and gauge patient feedbacks. 
The customer service department is an important component 
in ensuring that patient experience is positive through proactive 
outreach and responsive communication. The table below sets forth 
key operating data of the Group’s customer service for the years 
indicated:
Change 2024 2023
變動率 二零二四年 二零二三年
Number of patients served 服務患者人次 +12.4% 199,792 177,720
Customer service man hours 客服人工時數 -3.6% 2,464,576 2,556,407
The increase in number of patients served was primarily due 
to the expanded scale of operations with the acquisition of our 
haemodialysis services operations in January 2024; and further 
improved efficiency and automation of certain aspects of outpatient 
customer service at Kanghua Hospital and Renkang Hospital in 2024 
through online platforms.


===== PAGE 129 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
128
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
本集團會持續檢討並簡化患者掛
號流程，並提供定期員工客戶服
務培訓。醫院及門診中心亦會進
行患者滿意度調查。有關結果用
於建立監控特定服務提供領域內
患者體驗及滿意度變化的基準。
該等調查主要包括：
• 電話回訪住院患者、門診
患者及體檢患者；
• 通過短信服務進行調查；
• 現場問卷調查；及
• 意見收集箱。
本集團亦會不時與第三方合作進
行全面調查及分析研究。
醫療行業的主觀性意味著本集團
在日常業務過程中會不時收到患
者投訴。本集團已在其各家醫院
實施標準化客戶投訴管理，以快
速、準確及全面收集患者反饋、
解決患者關切、持續改善臨床流
程及最終向患者提供最高水準的
服務。本集團一般將患者投訴分
為三大重要類別： (i)重大投訴，
該等投訴可能涉及導致對患者產
生不利影響的臨床質量缺陷、引
發媒體關注及監管部門干預的醫
療糾紛、服務態度極其惡劣、對
患者進行辱駡或攻擊或涉及醫德
的任何投訴； (ii)一般投訴，該等
投訴可能涉及一般服務態度、環
境、住宿、醫院或院內科室間流
程給患者帶來的不便、 計費錯誤、
重複檢查、定價或缺乏溝通或語
言技巧；及 (iii)非重要投訴，該等
投訴可能僅涉及服務建議或瑣碎
評論，或屬無聊、無理取鬧或主
要歸因於患者個人狀況的投訴。
The Group continuously review and streamline patient registration 
process and provide regular staff customer-service training. The 
hospitals and outpatient centers also conduct patient satisfaction 
surveys. Such results serve to establish a baseline to monitor changes 
in patient experience and satisfaction in specific area of service 
delivery. These surveys primarily include:
• call back interviews with inpatients, outpatients and physical 
examination patients;
• surveys delivered through short messaging services;
• on-site questionnaires; and
• comments collection boxes.
The Group also cooperates with third parties to conduct 
comprehensive surveys and analytical studies from time to time.
The subjective nature of the healthcare industry means that the 
Group occasionally receives patient complaints in the ordinary 
course of business. The Group has implemented a standardised 
customer complaint management at each of its hospitals with 
a view to promptly, accurately and comprehensively collecting 
feedback from patients, addressing patients’ concerns, continuously 
improving clinical processes and ultimately delivering service of 
the highest standard to patients. The Group generally classifies 
patient complaints in three major categories of importance: (i) critical 
complaints, which may involve deficiencies in clinical quality resulting 
in adverse effects to patients, medical disputes attracting media 
attention and intervention from regulatory authorities, extremely 
poor service attitude, verbal abuses or assaults on patients, or any 
complaints regarding medical ethics; (ii) regular complaints, which 
may involve general service attitude, environment, accommodation, 
hospital or inter-departmental processes resulting in inconvenience 
to patients, billing error, repeated assessment, pricing or lack of 
communication or language skills; and (iii) immaterial complaints, 
which may involve mere service recommendations or trivial 
comments, or complaints that are frivolous, vexatious or are primarily 
attributable to the patients’ individual condition.


===== PAGE 130 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
129
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
下表載列於所示年度本集團收到
的各類投訴數目：
患者可通過郵件、電話、觸摸屏
終端或親自提交投訴。本集團有
專門設施記錄投訴過程，過程保
密，以保護所有參與各方的利益
及確保投訴過程公平進行並獲妥
善記錄。醫院設有投訴辦公室，
由經驗豐富的醫院管理者領導及
專門負責管理患者投訴。投訴辦
公室用作投訴人聯絡點、向投訴
人說明投訴流程、指導患者向適
當科室及治理委員會投訴以進行
詳細調查及根由分析、進行深入
事實認定、積極監督及管理投訴
流程、與所涉各方進行協調及溝
通、以保密方式準确記錄所有相
關結果及妥善回覆投訴人。所有
初步投訴及意見將由投訴辦公室
直接處理及回覆。儘管解決重大
投訴一般耗時較長，但本集團仍
致力於在最短時間內解決所有患
者投訴，或當場解決 （如可能） 。
對於涉及臨床安全或可能健康影
響的重大投訴，本集團將立即積
極採取行動防止或盡量減少對患
者的不利影響。醫院政策要求每
一項投訴都通過該系統妥善提交
及處理，且禁止員工與投訴人達
成私下和解，因該等投訴進一步
升級或會令醫院處於不利位置。
The table below sets forth the number of each category of complaints 
received by the Group for the years indicated:
Change 2024 2023
變動率 二零二四年 二零二三年
Number of critical complaints 關鍵投訴數目 +5.2% 61 58
Number of regular complaints 定期投訴數目 -20.8% 38 48
Number of immaterial complaints 非重要投訴數目 -9.0% 71 78
Total 總計 -7.6% 170 184
Patients may lodge a complaint by mail, telephone, touch-screen 
terminals or in person. The Group has dedicated facilities to record 
the complaint process on a confidential basis to safeguard the 
interests of all parties involved and ensure that the complaint 
processes are conducted fairly with proper records. The hospitals 
have a complaint office, a unit led by a highly experienced hospital 
manager and dedicated to the management of patient complainants. 
The complaint office acts as the complainant point of contact, 
explains the complaint process to the complainants, directs patient 
complaints to appropriate departments and governance committees 
for detailed investigation and root-cause analysis, conducts in-
depth fact-finding, proactively oversees and manages the complaint 
processes, coordinates and communicates with the parties involved, 
accurately records all relevant findings on a confidential basis and 
formulates the appropriate replies to the complainants. All initial 
complaints and views will be handled and responded to directly by 
the complaint office. The Group is committed to resolving all patient 
complaints in the shortest period of time, or on the spot, if possible, 
though resolution of critical complaints generally requires a longer 
period of time. For critical complaints involving clinical safety or 
possible health implications, the Group proactively takes immediate 
actions to prevent and minimise adverse effects on patients. The 
hospital policy mandates every complaint to be properly lodged and 
processed through the system and prohibits staff from reaching a 
private settlement with the complainants, which may potentially place 
the hospital in a disadvantaged situation if such complaints were to 
escalate further.


===== PAGE 131 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
130
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
本集團將患者投訴管理視作持續
改善臨床安全及質量的重要組成
部分。本集團認真處理每項患者
投訴， 並視之為改進的最佳途徑。
投訴報告會定期上報高級管理層
審閱。本集團致力於理解每項患
者投訴的事實情況及根本原因，
確定責任方及有待改進之處。醫
院每月組織投訴分析會以發現臨
床過程中有待改進之處，提出建
議及確保相關行政及臨床部門立
即實施必要改進措施。此外，醫
院每季度就投訴根由、所實施改
進程序及所吸取教訓組織投訴交
流會， 以在員工間培養警惕意識。
對於可能升級為醫療糾紛的重大
投訴，投訴辦公室將通知醫院董
事及高級管理層領導的醫療糾紛
應急管理小組，啟動醫療糾紛程
序，由醫院各單位高度協同努力
進行處理。二零二四年，大部分
投訴得到友善解決，僅有數起升
級為醫療糾紛。二零二四年，年
內出現 6個 （二零二三年：26個）
醫療糾紛案件。
4.2 服務質量管理
本集團採取全面服務質量管理體
系，包括以下主要組成部分：
• 結構－臨床資源可用程度，
包括醫療設備、醫院治理
結構、人力資源、床位與
員工比率、臨床目標、實
踐指引及標準；
• 環節－臨床程序，包括臨
床手術是否按照相關規範
進行、工作流程及醫院感
染；及
• 結果－患者接受服務後康
復情況，包括治療功效、
恢復過程、健康狀況、滿
意度及治療引起的併發症。
The Group regards patient complaint management as an important 
component for the continuous improvement of clinical safety and 
quality. The Group treats each of the patients’ complaints seriously 
and regards them as the best source for improvement. Complaint 
reports are regularly reported to senior management for review. For 
every patient complaint, the Group is committed to understanding its 
fact pattern and root cause, ascertaining the responsible parties and 
areas of improvement. The hospitals organise a monthly complaints 
analysis meeting to identify improvement areas in clinical processes, 
make recommendations and ensure the relevant administrative 
and clinical departments implement the necessary improvements 
promptly. In addition, the hospitals organise a quarterly complaints 
sharing session on the root cause of the complaints, improvement 
processes implemented and lessons learnt with a view to cultivating 
a sense of vigilance among staff.
For critical complaints that may escalate into medical disputes, the 
complaint office will notify the medical dispute contingency task force, 
headed by the director and senior management of the hospital, to 
initiate the medical dispute process involving a highly coordinated 
effort of various units of the hospital. In 2024, most of the complaints 
were resolved amicably with only a few of them escalated into 
medical disputes. In 2024, 6 medical disputes cases (2023: 26) were 
materialised during the year.
4.2 Service quality management
The Group adopts a comprehensive service quality management 
system consisting of the following key components:
• structure – the availability of clinical resources, including 
medical equipment, hospital governance structure, human 
resources, bed to staff ratio, clinical objectives, practice 
guidelines and standards;
• process – the clinical processes, including whether clinical 
procedures are conducted according to the relevant 
specifications, work flow and nosocomial infections; and
• outcome – patient’s well-being after receiving service, including 
efficacy of treatment, recovery progress, health conditions, 
satisfaction and complications arising from treatments.


===== PAGE 132 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
131
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
服務質量管理體系範圍廣泛。除
監控診斷質量 （診斷是否準確、
周全及快速） 、治療質量 （治療是
否有效、 快速、 徹底及期間合理） 、
醫院感染控制及臨床缺陷 （是否
對患者產生本來可以其他方式避
免的傷害、損害或疼痛） 外，該
體系亦監控臨床療效、醫療費用
合理性、所使用醫療技術投入產
出關係、系統化服務及連續性及
社區反饋。在該體系下，醫院各
科室獲提供須達到的可量化服務
質量目標及監控參數。服務質量
管理及改進是一個持續的過程。
任何缺陷一經發現，即會以適當
監督級別迅速處理。
高標準臨床管理使本集團的住院
病人死亡率與醫院運營及行業的
固有風險保持一致。隨著本集團
增加接收重症患者及╱或需要專
門且複雜緊急手術並帶有較高不
利臨床結果風險的患者，其住院
病人死亡率或會增長。下表載列
於所示年度本集團的住院病人死
亡率：
The service quality management system has a wide scope. In 
addition to monitoring the quality of diagnosis (whether it is accurate, 
comprehensive and prompt), the quality of treatment (whether 
it is effective, prompt, thorough and of a reasonable duration), 
nosocomial infections control and clinical deficiency (whether 
resulting injuries, harm or pain to patients that could otherwise be 
avoided), the system also monitors clinical efficiency, reasonableness 
of medical fees, the input-output relationship of applied medical 
techniques, systematic services and continuum and community 
feedback. Under this system, each hospital department is given 
quantifiable service quality targets to achieve and parameters 
to monitor. Service quality management and improvement is a 
continuous process. Any deficiency, once identified, will be handled 
promptly with appropriate level of supervision.
High standard of clinical governance maintains the Group’s inpatient 
fatality rate consistent with the risks inherent in hospital operations 
and industry. As the Group increases its intake of patients with critical 
conditions and/or require specialized and complex emergency 
procedures that carry higher risks of unfavourable clinical outcome, 
its inpatient fatality rate may increase. The table below sets forth the 
Group’s inpatient fatality rate for the years indicated:
Change 2024 2023
變動率 二零二四年 二零二三年
Total number of inpatient deaths 住院病人死亡總數 -24.7% 271 360
% of total inpatients 佔住院病人總數的  
百分比 N/A不適用 0.14% 0.20%


===== PAGE 133 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
132
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
4.3 患者隱私保護
本集團的醫院設有專責醫案管理
科來處理患者的醫療記錄。醫院
嚴格遵守與患者隱私有關的適用
法律法規，包括 《廣東省病歷書
寫和管理規範》 及 《醫療機構病歷
管理規定》 。醫院對患者醫療記
錄的創建、維護、審閱與複製、
密封或拆封及保存，訂有嚴格規
程。該等規程亦旨在確保有關記
錄不會意外被查閱、 處理、 清除、
丟失或未經授權使用。患者醫療
記錄通常保存 15年。在獲准查閱
相關醫療記錄前，患者或其家屬
將須出示患者身份證件原件及簽
名同意書。醫務部負責監督及審
核醫案管理。
本集團亦通過進行定期培訓及分
享會， 提高員工的患者隱私意識。
醫院員工對患者隱私保持敏感，
並在臨床過程的各個方面格外重
視保護患者隱私。除適用法律法
規所規定者外，患者資料僅會在
徵得同意後發佈。
本集團各家醫院均設有信息技術
部，負責根據相關法律及法規審
閱及實施數據保護措施。醫院儲
存及管理患者數據的資源與互聯
網接入點物理斷連，以防止出現
外洩及篡改行為。醫院嚴格遵守
《信息安全等級保護管理辦法》 的
第三級安全規定。醫院的網絡安
全、系統安全及數據庫安全會不
時受到審查及至少每年全面審核
一次，以確保符合規定標準。
4.3 Patient privacy protection
The Group’s hospitals have a dedicated medical records 
management department to handle patients’ medical records. The 
hospitals strictly adhere to applicable laws and regulations in relation 
to patient privacy, including Guangdong Province Medical Records 
Writing and Management Specifications and Healthcare Institutions 
Medical Records Management Rules. The hospitals have stringent 
protocols on the creation, maintenance, reviewing and copying, 
sealing or unsealing and preservation of patient medical records. 
These protocols are also design to ensure that the records are not 
accidentally accessed, processed, erased, lost or used without 
authorization. Patient medical records are generally kept for 15 years. 
Before access to the relevant medical records is granted, patients or 
their families will need to produce the original of the patient’s identity 
documents and a signed consent letter. The medical administration 
department is responsible for overseeing and auditing medical 
records management.
The Group also promotes patient privacy awareness among staff 
by conducting regular training and sharing sessions. Hospital staff 
are sensitive to patient privacy and place additional emphasis 
on protecting patient privacy during every aspect of the clinical 
processes. Save as required by applicable laws and regulations, 
patient information can only be released with consent.
Each of the Group’s hospitals has an information technology 
department responsible for reviewing and implementing data 
protection measures in accordance with relevant laws and 
regulations. The hospitals’ resources that store and manage patient 
data are physically disconnected from internet access points to 
prevent external leakage and tempering activities. The hospitals strictly 
adhere to grade three security requirements under the Administrative 
Measures for the Graded Protection of Information Security. The 
hospitals’ network security, system security and database security are 
reviewed from time to time and are comprehensively audited at least 
once every year to ensure the required standards are met.


===== PAGE 134 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
133
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
醫院已制定隱私數據管理政策，
載明全面責任及程序以確保所有
用戶遵守界定標準。醫院已發佈
內部指引，載明處理載有患者數
據文件的具體程序。員工亦須遵
守醫院有關電腦系統安全 （包括
儲存、處理、傳輸及管理機密資
料、數據加密及電腦系統的實體
安全） 的內部指引。違反上述規
定將處以紀律處分。醫院定期向
員工提供有關數據保護的最新資
料及培訓，以培養其數據保護意
識。需要訪問敏感數據的員工亦
須就任何患者數據、經營、財務
及其可能接觸的其他敏感資料訂
立保密承諾。
醫院對資料訪問實施嚴格控制。
員工對敏感資料的訪問程度及控
制權乃參考其角色、職位及╱或
資歷的相關性而定，並經不時審
核。任何不必要或過時訪問權限
將被立即收回。所有網絡行動將
錄入系統並將持續監控任何異常
情況。倘出現違反信息安全的情
況，有關記錄將使醫院能進行詳
盡調查及損害控制。
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日
止年度，本集團已於所有重大方
面就患者私隱遵守對本集團有重
大影響的適用法律法規。
The hospitals have formulated policies for privacy data administration 
which sets out the overall responsibilities and procedures to ensure 
that all users adhere to defined standards. The hospitals have 
promulgated internal instructions setting out specific procedures 
regarding the handling of documents containing patient data. Staff 
are also required to observe the hospitals’ internal instructions on 
the security of computer systems (including storage, processing, 
transmission and management of classified information, data 
encryption and physical security of computer systems). Violation of the 
above requirements will result in disciplinary actions. The hospitals 
provide regular updates and trainings to staff on data protection to 
cultivate their data protection awareness. Staff who need to have 
access to sensitive data are also required to enter into a confidential 
undertaking with respect to any patient data, operational, financial 
and other sensitive information that they may come across.
The hospitals implement strong access controls to information. The 
degree of access and control the staff has to sensitive information 
is determined by reference to the relevance to their role, their post 
and/or seniority and is reviewed from time to time. Any unnecessary 
or obsolete access rights will be revoked immediately. All network 
actions are recorded on the systems and continuously monitored for 
any irregularity. In the event of an information security breach, such 
records will enable the hospitals to carry out detailed investigations 
and damage control.
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group had, in all material 
respects, complied with applicable laws and regulations that have a 
significant impact on the Group relating to patient privacy.


===== PAGE 135 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
134
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
4.4 供應商
本集團的供應商主要包括藥品、
醫療耗材及醫療設備的代理商及
經銷商。本集團力求通過保持充
足存貨及直接與供應商建立牢固
關係，來管理存貨風險。本集團
根據質量、聲譽、價格、產品及
服務種類以及交付能力慎重甄選
供應商。本集團定期評估供應商
的表現、信譽，重新確定彼等的
資 質（ 如GMP及╱或 GSP證 書（ 倘
適用） ） 並確保供應的合規狀態及
質量。本集團會對供應商資質展
開合理盡職調查，包括：
• 供應商須提供所有相關資
質文件及許可證備查；
• 採購部負責核證資質文件
及許可證的真實性、有效
性及範圍；
• 資質文件及許可證將會提
供予相關科室，包括倉庫、
設備科及藥劑科，以使相
關員工記錄供應來源資料
及其資質；及
• 供應商應及時出示資質文
件及許可證的任何更新或
變動。
4.4 Suppliers
The Group’s suppliers primarily consist of agents and distributors of 
pharmaceuticals, medical consumables and medical equipment. 
The Group seeks to manage inventory risks by maintaining adequate 
inventories and building strong relationships directly with suppliers. 
Suppliers are cautiously selected for quality, reputation, price, product 
and service offerings and delivery capability. The Group routinely 
assesses its suppliers’ performance, credit-worthiness, re-confirm 
their qualifications (such as GMP and/or GSP Certificates, where 
appropriate) and ensure the compliance status and quality of the 
supplies. The Group undertakes reasonable due diligence of its 
suppliers’ qualifications, including:
• suppliers are required to provide all relevant qualification 
documents and licenses for inspection;
• the procurement department is responsible for verifying the 
genuineness, validity and scope of the qualification documents 
and licenses;
• the qualification documents and licenses will be provided 
to the relevant departments, including warehouse, medical 
equipment department and pharmacy department for the 
relevant staff to take note of the source of the supplies and their 
qualifications; and
• the suppliers shall promptly produce any updates or changes 
to the qualification documents and licenses.


===== PAGE 136 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
135
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
本集團已採取嚴格政策禁止供應
商接觸及向醫生提供回扣以招攬
業務。 倘任何供應商被發現違規，
本集團會立即終止業務關係。本
集團相信，這種做法會盡量減少
出現腐敗行為的風險，從而保證
供應品質量。
本集團就供應商設有內部評級制
度，可大致分類為：
(i) 優秀供應商：本集團將增
加向該等供應商的採購量
並與其保持穩定關係；
(ii) 普通供應商：本集團將逐
漸減少向該等供應商的採
購量並對其進行更嚴密審
查；及
(iii) 不理想供應商：該等供應
商會被列入黑名單，本集
團將不再向其採購。該等
供應商通常包括不遵守採
購協議、聲譽有問題、經
常歪曲產品價格、未在規
定時間交付規定數量、交
付供應品質量低劣或多次
警告仍未改進的供應商。
The Group has adopted a stringent policy that prohibits suppliers 
from contacting and offering rebates to doctors to solicit business. If 
any supplier is found to be in violation, the Group will immediately 
terminate the business relationship. The Group believes that such 
practice minimizes the risk of corrupt practices, thereby safeguarding 
the quality of the supplies.
The Group has an internal rating system for its suppliers, which can 
broadly be classified into:
(i) excellent suppliers: the Group should increase purchase 
volume, and maintain stable relationship with, these suppliers;
(ii) mediocre suppliers: the Group should gradually reduce 
purchase volume with, and pay closer scrutiny on, these 
suppliers; and
(iii) poor suppliers: these suppliers are blacklisted and the Group 
should no longer purchase from them. These suppliers 
typically include those who do not comply with the purchase 
agreement, have questionable reputation, always misrepresent 
the product price, do not deliver the required quantity at the 
required time, deliver supplies with inferior quality, or show no 
improvement despite repeated warnings.


===== PAGE 137 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
136
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
本集團意識到採購對環境及人類
健康影響較低的產品對可持續
醫療發展至關重要。本集團不斷
探索各種途徑，以實現 「環保採
購 」（ 「EPP」 ） ，一種所購產品在環
境影響方面被視為且獲證實為對
環境及人類健康的破壞作用低於
競爭產品的採購行為。 EPP 在滿
足病人需求同時實現整體成本節
約及減少垃圾方面不失為可行之
策。本集團的EPP 努力始於對精
選目標採購作出些許調整，如可
行，將會擴大環保採購範圍，甄
選出醫院所能使用的盡可能多的
環保、健康及安全產品。本集團
認為 EPP會成為邁向可持續經營
之路的重要組成部分。環保或職
業健康問題的事後糾正－在金錢、
勞工、技術複雜程度及不利的公
眾形象方面－較之於通過EPP 進
行預防常常須付出更加昂貴的代
價。在挑選產品中謹慎行事，醫
院可：
• 大大降低對環境的整體影
響、以較低的採購價格或
較小的價格波動來減少成
本，這可減少或消除廢物
及有害物質的處理及╱或
減少員工安全措施需要；
• 通過減少有害物質的曝光
為病人及員工營造更加健
康的環境；及
• 創造正面宣傳及推廣的機會。
The Group recognizes that purchasing products with reduced 
environmental and human health impacts is vital to sustainable 
healthcare. The Group is exploring various ways to achieve 
“environmentally preferable purchasing” (“EPP”), an act of purchasing 
products whose environmental impacts have been considered and 
found to be less damaging to the environment and human health 
when compared to competing products. EPP may be feasible to 
achieve overall cost saving and waste reduction while meeting 
the needs of patients. The Group has begun its EPP efforts with a 
few carefully targeted purchasing changes, and if feasible, will 
expand the scope of environmental purchasing to select as many 
environmentally sound, healthy and safe products as a hospital can 
use. The Group believes that EPP may become an important part of 
the process toward sustainable operations. Downstream corrections 
of environmental or occupational health issues are generally more 
costly – in terms of money, labor, technical complexity, and adverse 
publicity – than prevention through EPP. By carefully selecting 
products, a hospital may achieve:
• a significant reduction in overall impact on the environment, 
cost reduction with lower purchase prices or changes that 
reduce or eliminate waste disposal, hazardous waste, and/or 
the need for worker safety measures;
• a healthier environment for patients and staff through reduced 
exposure to hazardous substance; and
• opportunities for positive publicity and promotion.


===== PAGE 138 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
137
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
實施任何 EPP預期均將循序漸進，
且可能需要醫院的採購及臨床
配置作出重大改變。在作出任何
採購變動時，本集團將綜合評估
EPP 的長期裨益、臨床可行性及
業務代價。
除採購醫藥、醫療耗材及醫療設
備外，本集團亦需要不同供應商
不時為醫院場所進行工程及翻新
服務。本集團竭力確保該等供應
商屬適當合格，並將採取一切必
要措施保護施工場地內外環境，
限制因工程施工產生的廢物、污
染物、噪音及其他危害對公眾及
物業造成的有害影響。該等供應
商須遵守 《中華人民共和國勞動
法》 及 《中華人民共和國勞動合同
法》 的適用規定，根據有關法律
為其工人提供充足的社會保障及
福利。本集團密切關注工程施工
並可能不時委聘第三方監理，確
保工程符合適用國家工程規格及
標準，滿足環保要求。
Any implementation of EPP is expected to be gradual, and may 
require substantial changes to purchasing and clinical configuration 
of the hospital. The Group will comprehensively assess the long-term 
benefits of EPP, clinical feasibility and business considerations when 
making any purchasing changes.
In addition to the purchase of pharmaceuticals, medical consumables 
and medical equipment, the Group also relies on various vendors 
for engineering and renovation services at the hospital premises 
from time to time. The Group uses its best efforts to ensure that these 
vendors are properly qualified and will take all appropriate measures 
to protect the environment both inside and outside the work site 
and limit harmful effects to the public and property due to wastes, 
pollution, noise and other nuisances caused by the engineering work. 
These vendors are expected to satisfy the applicable requirements 
under the Labor Law of the PRC and the Labor Contract Law of the 
PRC and provide the workers with adequate social security and 
benefits under the relevant laws. The Group pays close attention 
on the engineering work and may from time to time engage third-
party supervision to ensure that the engineering work meets the 
applicable national engineering specifications and standards and 
environmental protection.


===== PAGE 139 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
138
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
4.5 反賄賂及腐敗風險
中國政府近期已增強其反賄賂力
度，防止醫生、員工及醫院行政
人員在採購藥品和醫療用品及提
供醫療服務時收取不正當款項及
其他利益。此外，中國的三級甲
等醫院 （如本集團的康華醫院） 須
遵守的要求尤為嚴格，包括 （作
為有關評級標準的一部分） 要求
所有相關醫院 (i)實施防範賄賂及
腐敗風險的內部控制及風險管理
措施；及 (ii)接受相關監管機構就
其反賄賂及腐敗狀況進行的年度
檢查。本集團已實施以下政策及
程序， 防範潛在賄賂及腐敗事件：
• 本集團層面設有反賄賂職
能，由本公司首席財務官
領導。該職能負責制定反
賄賂及腐敗政策及程序的
整體框架，對在本集團經
營各個方面的政策及程序
實施進行指導及監管。本
集團各醫院將即時向本公
司首席財務官報告任何疑
似賄賂及腐敗事件，首席
財務官其後將於必要時進
行任何進一步調查並確定
合適的行動方案。本集團
會不時向員工提供培訓及
提供最近出現的反賄賂及
反腐敗問題及實踐的最新
情況；
4.5 Anti-bribery and corruption risks
The PRC government has recently enhanced its anti-bribery efforts to 
prevent improper payments and other benefits received by doctors, 
staff and hospital administrators in connection with the procurement 
of pharmaceutical and medical supplies and the provision of 
healthcare services. In addition, Grade A Class III hospitals in the PRC, 
such as the Group’s Kanghua Hospital, are subject to particularly 
stringent requirements, including as part of the criteria for such 
ratings, requiring all such hospitals to (i) implement internal controls 
and risk management measures addressing bribery and corruption 
risks; and (ii) undergo annual inspections from relevant regulatory 
authorities as to their anti-bribery and corruption status. The Group 
has implemented the following policies and procedures to address 
potential bribery and corruption incidents:
• an anti-bribery function at the Group level led by the chief 
financial officer of the Company. This function is in charge 
of developing the overall framework of anti-bribery and 
corruption policies and procedures and providing guidance 
and supervision towards implementing them across every 
aspect of the Group’s operations. Each of the Group’s hospitals 
will immediately report any suspected incidents of bribery and 
corruption to the chief financial officer of the Company, who 
will then carry out any further investigations if necessary and 
determine the appropriate course of action. From time to time, 
the Group provides training to its staff and updates on recent 
anti-bribery and corruption issues and practices as they arise;


===== PAGE 140 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
139
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
• 本集團設立穩健的舉報制
度，員工及業務夥伴均可
透過專線及電郵地址舉報，
我們按無彈回基準接獲指
稱腐敗的報告，舉報者可
匿名。本集團對員工收取
任何形式的賄賂採取零容
忍政策。該政策載於員工
手冊及行為準則。任何員
工一經發現違反本集團的
反賄賂及反腐敗政策將會
被解僱。本集團亦採取適
當的措施勸阻病人為獲得
更好或優先服務而向本集
團的員工提供任何形式的
付款或禮品，包括在醫院
顯眼位置展示相關政策及
法律；
• 本集團密切監察採購流程
的各個方面。本集團已設
立涉及多個部門、專責管
理委員會及各類採購管理
的系統性多層審批流程。
我們的採購流程為分離式，
不會出現個別人士或部門
的權力、控制權或影響過
大，因此可最大限度降低
腐敗或濫用職權的風險。
與新供應商建立任何業務
關係前，本集團進行盡職
調查，以合理掌握其背景
及其與本集團的關係，包
括該供應商首次引薦給本
集團的方式。本集團要求
供應商同意我們供應協議
中的反賄賂及反腐敗條文。
尤其是，禁止供應商直接
向我們的醫院員工招攬業
務。一旦違反，本集團將
立即終止與該等供應商的
業務；及
• the Group has in place a robust whistle blower programme 
accessible by staff and business partners, including a 
dedicated hotline and an email address, to receive reports of 
alleged corruption on a no repercussion basis, with the option 
of anonymity. The Group has established a zero-tolerance 
policy towards staff accepting any form of bribes. Such policy is 
included in the staff handbook and code of conduct. Any of the 
staff found in breach of anti-bribery and corruption policy will 
be dismissed. The Group also takes appropriate measures to 
discourage patients from offering any form of payment or gift 
to staff for better or priority services, including displaying the 
relevant policies and laws in prominent places in the hospital 
premises;
• the Group has close oversight over every aspect of the 
procurement processes. The Group has established a 
systematic multi-tier approval process involving various 
departments, dedicated governance committees and 
management for different categories of procurement. The 
procurement processes are segregated and no particular 
individual or department has excessive authority, control 
or influence, thereby minimising the risk of corruption or 
abuse. Before engaging in any business relationship with 
a new supplier, the Group conducts due diligence to obtain 
reasonable understanding of its background and its connection 
with the Group, including how such supplier was referred to 
the Group in the first place. The Group requires its suppliers to 
agree to anti-bribery and corruption provisions in the supply 
agreements. In particular, suppliers are prohibited from 
soliciting business with the hospital staff directly. Any violation 
will result in the Group’s immediate business termination with 
such suppliers; and


===== PAGE 141 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
140
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
• 作為本集團臨床管理的一
個關鍵部分，本集團各家
醫院的藥事管理與藥物治
療學委員會將定期審查藥
物處方模式。任何不合理
或無法解釋的違規行為或
危險信號表示蓄意試圖在
處方中大幅增加若干藥物
將被立即上報及接受調查。
根據適用中國法律及法規的規定，
本集團已為我們的醫務人員制定
嚴格的 「拒收紅包政策」 ，不得私
下收取患者為換取更為有利治療
而提供的任何形式的款項或好處。
本集團規定所有醫務人員須向管
理層報告患者提供紅包的一切情
況。下表載列所示年度我們醫務
人員拒收的紅包數目及金額：
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日
止年度，本集團已於貪污與腐化
的所有重大方面，遵守對本集團
有重大影響的適用法律法規。
• as part of the Group’s key clinical governance, the 
Pharmaceutical Administration and Therapeutics Committee at 
each of the Group’s hospitals regularly reviews drug prescription 
patterns. Any unreasonable or inexplicable irregularities or red 
flags indicative of a deliberate attempt to substantially increase 
the prescription of certain drugs will be promptly reported and 
investigated.
In line with requirements under applicable PRC laws and regulations, 
the Group has established a strict “no red packet policy” for medical 
professionals not to personally accept any form of payment or 
advantages from patients in return for more favourable treatments. 
The Group requires all healthcare professionals to report to 
management of all instances of red packets offered by patients. 
The table below sets forth the number and monetary amount of 
red packets rejected by the healthcare professionals for the years 
indicated:
Change 2024 2023
變動 二零二四年 二零二三年
Number of red packets rejected 拒收紅包數目 -0.3% 325 326
Total monetary amount involved  
(RMB)
所涉總金額  
（人民幣元） -4.3% 307,088 320,902
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group had, in all material 
respects, complied with applicable laws and regulations that have a 
significant impact on the Group relating to bribery and corruption.


===== PAGE 142 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
141
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
5. 社區福利計劃
誠如我們的辦院宗旨 「蒼生為念• 厚德
載醫」 所包含者，本集團將社會貢獻視
為其核心價值觀之一。本集團以作為
對社會負責的民營醫院運營商而感到
自豪。本集團透過有組織及可持續的
社區福利計劃致力於社區服務，主要
提供：(i) 向無力支付醫療費用的群體
提供免費及優惠保健服務；及 (ii)旨在
改善社區健康及增強醫療便利的服務
或教育。該等計劃的設計目的在於滿
足經識別的社區需求而非隨意行善來
實現更具意義的影響。
本集團已實施一個規劃、履行及報告
其社區福利工作的綜合框架，當中包
括以下要素：
• 可持續基礎設施－本集團已營造
出支持其社區福利倡議的文化並
已配備可持續發展社區福利計劃
的作業要素， 如臨床資源、 人員、
預算以及支持政策及程序；
• 社區福利計劃－透過與公眾衛生
機構及社區的定期溝通，本集團
持續評估醫療需求並確立其優先
次序，制定相應社區福利計劃；
• 社區福利問責－本集團已制定有
效的管理及問責程序，對其持份
者負責並向其報告社區福利事宜；
及
• 社區福利計劃評估－本集團評估
相關計劃及活動的質量、效果及
影響。
5. COMMUNITY BENEFIT PROGRAMMES
As encompassed in the motto “Empathic •  Virtuous Medical Practice” 
( 蒼生為念•厚德載醫), the Group regards social contribution as one 
of its core values. The Group prides itself on being a socially responsible 
private hospital operator. The Group demonstrates its commitment to 
community service through organized and sustainable community benefit 
programmes primarily providing: (i) free and discounted care to those 
unable to afford healthcare; and (ii) services or education designed to 
improve community health and increase access to healthcare. These 
programmes are purposely designed to create meaningful impact by 
responding to identified community needs, as opposed to being random 
acts of kindness.
The Group has implemented a comprehensive framework for planning, 
delivering and reporting its community benefit efforts, including the 
following elements:
• sustainable infrastructure – the Groups has fostered a culture that 
supports its community benefit initiatives and has in place operational 
elements that sustain the community benefit programmes, such 
as clinical resources, staff, budget and supporting policies and 
procedures;
• plan for community benefit – through regular communication 
with public health organizations and the community, the Group 
continuously assesses and prioritizes community health needs and 
develops community benefit programmes accordingly;
• account for community benefit – the Group has established effective 
administrative and accounting processes to account for and report 
community benefit to its stakeholders; and
• evaluate community benefit programmes – the Group assesses the 
quality, effectiveness and impact of the relevant programmes and 
activities.


===== PAGE 143 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
142
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
二零二四年，本集團組織大量志願者
項目及免費會診，重點對象是健康意
識較差及╱或難以享受支付得起的醫
療服務或其醫療服務不足的兒童及長
者。免費會診亦深入基本醫療資源匱
乏的偏遠山區。下表載列於所示年度
有關經營業務社區福利工作的若干數
據：
於報告期間，義工活動和義診次數均
大幅增加，主要是由於我們通過各類
社區服務加大力度推廣康華品牌，尤
其是康華醫院及康心醫院。康華醫院
於二零二四年被評定為南城街道二零
二四年度義工服務示範機構，足以證
明我們於年內所作的大量工作及推廣
活動。此外，康心醫院增加了對當地
社區的義診計劃，以推廣其服務及在
重慶的認受性。
In 2024, the Group organized numerous volunteer programmes and free 
clinics, with a focus primarily on children and elderly people with limited 
health awareness and/or access to affordable and adequate healthcare. 
The free clinics also penetrated remote areas where basic healthcare 
resources are scarce. The table below sets forth certain data of the Relevant 
Operations community benefit efforts for the years indicated:
Change 2024 2023
變動 二零二四年 二零二三年
Volunteer activities 參與義工活動
Number of volunteer activities 義工活動次數 +-4.6% 494 518
Number of staff participants 參與員工人次 +819.7% 13,639 1,483
Total number of volunteer man-hours 參與義工活動人員時數 +47.2% 16,985 11,539
Free clinics 免費會診
Number of free clinics 免費會診次數 +860.1% 1,853 193
Number of staff participants 參與員工人次 +635.1% 2,301 313
Estimated number of patients served 所服務患者估計人次 +78.4% 12,848 7,200
Total number of free clinic man-hours 免費會診總工時 +76.2% 2,259 1,282
Total amount of compensation provided  
to staff for participating in free  
clinics (RMB)
向參與免費會診的員工  
提供的報酬總額  
（人民幣元） – – –
The significant increase in both volunteer activities and provision of free 
clinics was primarily as a result of our increased efforts in promoting 
the Kanghua brand through various community services, in particular 
at Kanghua Hospital and Kangxin Hospital during the Reporting Period. 
In 2024, Kanghua Hospital was assessed as Nancheng Street’s 2024 
volunteer service demonstration organization, as a testament to our 
extensive efforts and promotional activities implemented during the year. 
Furthermore, Kangxin Hospital increases its free clinics programmes for 
local community to promote its services and acceptance in Chongqing.


===== PAGE 144 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
143
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
聯交所 《環境、 社會及管治報告指引》
內容索引
A. 環境
THE STOCK EXCHANGE’S ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND 
GOVERNANCE REPORTING GUIDE CONTENT INDEX
A. Environmental
KPI
關鍵績效指標
Aspect A1: Emissions
層面 A1：排放物
Types of emissions and respective  
emissions data
The Relevant Operations are not a significant source of 
greenhouse gas emission
A1.1 
A1.2
排放物種類及相關排放數據 有關經營業務並非溫室氣體排放的重大來源
Greenhouse gas emission in total
溫室氣體總排放量
Total hazardous and non-hazardous 
waste produced and intensity 
所產生有害及無害廢棄物總量及密度
Wastewaters produced: 521,529 tons (2023: 402,877 tons)
所產生廢水： 521,529噸 （二零二三年：402,877噸）
Hazardous solid wastes produced: 498,344 kg 
(2023: 492,707 kg) 
所產生有害固體廢棄物： 498,344公斤
（二零二三年： 492,707公斤）
Domestic wastes produced: 2,643,032 kg 
(2023: 2,689,119 kg)
所產生生活廢棄物： 2,643,032公斤
（二零二三年： 2,689,119公斤）
A1.3 
A1.4
Measures to mitigate emissions and 
results achieved
The Relevant Operations are not a significant source of 
greenhouse gas emission
A1.5
減低排放量的措施及所得成果 有關經營業務並非溫室氣體排放的重大來源


===== PAGE 145 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
144
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
KPI
關鍵績效指標
Description of how hazardous and 
non-hazardous wastes are handled, 
reduction initiatives and results 
achieved 
描述處理有害及無害廢棄物的方法、  
減低產生量的措施及所得成果
Handling
處理
Wastewaters and hazardous solid wastes: handled by 
qualified contractors licensed by environmental authorities
廢水及有害固體廢棄物：由獲環境部門許可的合資格
承包商處理
Domestic wastes: handled by eligible contractors through 
tendering
生活廢棄物：由中標的合格承包商處理
Reduction initiatives
減低產生量的措施
Domestic wastes: segregation and recycling; promoting 
staff awareness and paper-less office initiatives; reuse of 
components in decommissioned equipment and furniture
生活廢棄物：分離及回收；提高員工意識及省紙辦公
措施；重複利用退役設備及裝置的組件
Wastewaters and hazardous wastes: production of these 
wastes is integral to clinical activities and maintaining a high 
clinical standard and environment sanitation. The Group 
currently considers it is not feasible to excessively reduce the 
production of these wastes without compromising clinical 
standards, which are of overriding importance
廢水及有害廢棄物：進行診療工作必定會產生廢棄物，
我們保持高臨床標準及環境衛生標準。本集團目前認
為過度減少該等廢棄物生產量不可避免令診療標準打折，
而診療標準至為重要，故減排並不切實可行
A1.6


===== PAGE 146 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
145
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
KPI
關鍵績效指標
Aspect A2: Use of Resources
層面 A2：資源使用
Direct and/or indirect energy consumption 
by type
按類型劃分的直接及╱或間接能源  
耗量
Electricity: 43,080,922 kw/hr (2023: 40,541,267 kw/hr)
電：43,080,922千瓦時 （二零二三年：40,541,267千瓦時）
A2.1
Water consumption in total
總耗水量
Water consumption: 931,018 tons (2023: 794,748 tons) 
耗水量：931,018噸 （二零二三年：794,748噸）
A2.2
Energy use efficiency initiatives and results 
achieved
能源使用效益計劃及所得成果
Efficiency improving initiatives 
效益提升計劃
Use of energy efficient light source, water heating, air-
conditioning and equipment; staff awareness; regular audit 
of energy usage and inspection of energy demanding 
processes
使用能效高的光源、 水暖、 空調及設備；提高員工意識；
定期審核能源使用及檢查能源需求程序
Results achieved
所得成果
Energy consumption per gross floor area was slightly 
increased by 3.6% despite the acquisition of our 
haemodialysis services operations, which expanded our 
overall business operation during the year 
每建築面積的能源耗量輕微增加 3.6%，儘管收購血液
透析服務業務，擴大了我們的年內整體業務營運
The Group will continue to monitor the effectiveness of the 
initiatives on a long term basis
本集團將繼續長期監控計劃的成效
A2.3
A2.4


===== PAGE 147 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
146
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
KPI
關鍵績效指標
Water efficiency improving initiatives and 
results achieved
提升用水效益計劃及所得成果
Efficiency improving initiatives
效益提升計劃
Leak detection and repair; use of efficient and low flow 
plumbing fixtures; motion sensor-activated faucets and flow 
control, waterless medical vacuum pumps; use full loads in 
sanitizers, sterilisers and laundry washing machines
洩漏檢測及維修；使用高效、低流量管道裝置；自動感
應水龍頭及流量控制、醫療無水真空泵；在滿載時使
用消毒器、殺菌器及洗衣機
Results achieved
所得成果
Water consumption intensity increased by 14.2% primarily 
due to the acquisition of our haemodialysis services 
operations, which expanded our overall business operation 
during the year. The Group will continue to monitor the 
effectiveness of the initiatives on a long term basis
水量消耗強度增加 14.2%，主要由於年內收購血液透析
服務業務，擴大了我們的年內整體業務營運。本集團
將繼續長期監控計劃的成效
Total packaging material used for finished 
products
製成品所用包裝材料的總量
The Relevant Operations do not involve significant use of 
packaging materials
本集團的有關經營業務並不涉及大量使用包裝材料
A2.5
Aspect A3: The Environment and Natural Resources
層面 A3：環境及天然資源
The significant impacts of activities on the 
environment and natural resources 
and the actions taken to manage them
業務活動對環境及天然資源的重大影
響及已採取管理有關影響的行動
The Relevant Operations had no significant impact on the 
environment and natural resources during 2024
有關經營業務於二零二四年對環境及天然資源並無重
大影響
A3.1


===== PAGE 148 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
147
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
B. Social 
Employment and Labour Practices
僱傭及勞工常規
KPI
關鍵績效指標
Aspect B1: Employment
層面 B1：僱傭
Total workforce by gender, employment 
type and age group
按性別、僱傭類型及年齡組別劃分的
僱員總數
As of 31 December 2024:
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日：
Total of number of staff of the Group: 4,320 (2023: 3,946)
本集團的員工總數： 4,320人 （二零二三年：3,946人）
– by nature of work
－按工作性質劃分
Doctors: 881 (2023: 842)
醫生：881 人 （二零二三年：842人）
Other medical, administrative and support staff: 3,439  
(2023: 3,104)
其他醫療、行政及支援的員工： 3,439人
（二零二三年： 3,104人）
– by gender
－按性別劃分
Male: 1,145 (2023: 1,048)
男性：1,145 人 （二零二三年：1,048人）
Female: 3,175 (2023: 2,898)
女性：3,175 人 （二零二三年：2,898人）
– by age group
－按年齡組別劃分
Age 51 or above: 442 (2023: 439)
51歲或以上： 442人 （二零二三年：439人）
Age between 31 to 50: 1,974 (2023: 1,804)
31至 50歲：1,974人 （二零二三年：1,804人）
Age below 30: 1,904 (2023: 1,703)
30歲或以下： 1,904人 （二零二三年：1,703人）
B1.1
Employee attrition rate 
僱員流失比率
Attrition rate: 8.6% (2023: 6.8%)
流失比率： 8.6%（二零二三年： 6.8%）
B1.2
B. 社會


===== PAGE 149 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
148
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
Employment and Labour Practices
僱傭及勞工常規
KPI
關鍵績效指標
Aspect B2: Health and Safety
層面 B2：健康與安全
Relating to providing a safe working 
environment and protecting employees 
from occupational hazards
有關提供安全工作環境及保障僱員  
避免職業性危害
In 2024:
二零二四年：
Number of staff contracting infections due to occupation: 0
(2023: 0)
因職業接觸感染的員工數目： 0人 （二零二三年：0人）
Number of staff deaths: 0 (2023: 0)
員工死亡數目： 0人 （二零二三年：0人）
Number of staff disabilities due to occupation: 0 (2023: 0)
因職業殘疾的員工數目： 0人 （二零二三年：0人）
Number of man-days lost due to occupation related injuries 
or illness: 0 (2023: 0)
因職業相關傷害或疾病導致的工傷誤工天數： 0天
（二零二三年： 0天）
Health and safety measures adopted:
已採納的健康與安全措施：
Regular audit and inspection of operating premises;
定期審核及檢查經營處所；
proactive risk reporting culture among staff;
在員工間形成主動報告氛圍；
continuous learning from health and safety incidents and 
improvement of processes;
持續從健康與安全事故中學習經驗並改善程序；
regular staff health and exposure assessment;
定期進行員工健康及風險評估；
provision of adequate protective gears;
提供足夠的護具；
third party inspection and assessment; and
第三方檢查及評估；及
adequate support to handle incidents of medical violence
給予足夠支持以處理醫療暴力事件
B2


===== PAGE 150 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
149
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
Employment and Labour Practices
僱傭及勞工常規
KPI
關鍵績效指標
Aspect B3: Development and Training
層面 B3：發展及培訓
Policies on improving employees’ 
knowledge and skills for discharging 
duties at work
有關提升僱員履行工作職責的知識及
技能的政策
In 2024:
二零二四年：
Number of participants in training and development 
programmes: 50,914 (2023: 58,133)
參加培訓及發展項目的員工人次： 50,914人 
（二零二三年： 58,133人）
Doctors: Male 6,425 (2023: 10,546)
 Female 6,343 (2023: 6,004)
醫生： 男性 6,425人 （二零二三年：10,546人）
 女性 6,343人 （二零二三年：6,004人）
Nurses: Male 586 (2023: 515)
 Female 36,990 (2023: 39,570)
護士： 男性 586人 （二零二三年：515人）
 女性 36,990人 （二零二三年：39,570人）
Others: Male 245 (2023: 588)
 Female 325 (2023: 910)
其他： 男性 245人 （二零二三年：588人）
 女性 325人 （二零二三年：910人）
Total number of training man-hours: 292,598 (2023: 215,547)
培訓總工時： 292,598小時 （二零二三年：215,547小時）
Doctors: Male 70,837 (2023: 121,821)
 Female 67,956 (2023: 39,466)
醫生： 男性 70,837人 （二零二三年：121,821人）
 女性 67,956人 （二零二三年：39,466人）
Nurses: Male 7,262 (2023: 4,238)
 Female 139,253 (2023: 43,146)
護士： 男性 7,262人 （二零二三年：4,238人）
 女性 139,253人 （二零二三年：43,146人）
Others: Male 2,989 (2023: 2,642)
 Female 4,302 (2023: 4,243)
其他： 男性 2,989人 （二零二三年：2,642人）
 女性 4,302人 （二零二三年：4,243人）
B3
Description of training activities
描述培訓活動
The Group has a comprehensive Continuing Education and 
Training Management Policy
本集團設有全面的繼續教育培訓管理制度
Training activities include training on clinical skills; nursing 
and patient caretaking skills; and comprehensive training on 
staff management capability, cultural values and technical 
skills
培訓活動包括臨床技能、護理及病人看護技能的培訓；  
以及對員工管理能力、文化價值及技術技能的全面培訓


===== PAGE 151 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
150
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
Employment and Labour Practices
僱傭及勞工常規
KPI
關鍵績效指標
Aspect B4: Labour Standards
層面 B4：勞工準則
Employment practices to avoid child and 
forced labour
防止童工及強制勞工的招聘慣例
The Group stringently complies with all national and local 
laws, including the Labor Law of the PRC and the Labor 
Contract Law of the PRC;
本集團嚴格遵守一切國家及地方法律，包括 《中華人民
共和國勞動法》 及 《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》 ；
The Group conducts background checks and reasonable 
due diligence on job applicants; and
本集團對職位申請人進行背景調查及合理盡職審查；
及
labour unions are established to protect the rights and 
interests of staff
設立工會以保障員工權利及利益
B4.1
Steps taken to eliminate such practices  
when discovered
在發現違規情況時消除有關情況所採
取的步驟
During 2024, the Group had no non-compliance in this 
respect
於二零二四年，本集團並無此方面的不合規情況
B4.2
Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management
層面 B5：供應鏈管理
Policies on managing environmental and 
social risks of the supply chain
管理供應鏈的環境及社會風險政策
The Relevant Operations do not have a supply chain business
有關經營業務並無設有供應鏈業務
It has a stringent criteria in selecting suppliers and conducts 
reasonable due diligence to ensure that its suppliers are 
appropriately qualified and licensed
其在篩選供應商方面設有嚴格標準並進行合理盡職審
查以確保供應商擁有適當的資格及牌照
The Group will continuously assess the feasibility of 
“environmentally preferable purchasing” (EPP)
本集團將持續評估 「環保採購」(EPP)的可行性
B5


===== PAGE 152 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
151
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
Employment and Labour Practices
僱傭及勞工常規
KPI
關鍵績效指標
Aspect B6: Product Responsibility
層面 B6：產品責任
Percentage of total products sold or 
shipped subject to recalls for safety and 
health reasons
已售或已運送產品總數中因安全與  
健康理由而須回收的百分比
Not applicable to the Relevant Operations
不適用於有關經營業務
B6.1
Number of products and service related 
complaints received and how they are 
dealt with
接獲關於產品及服務的投訴數目以及
應對方法
In 2024:
二零二四年：
Number of critical complains: 61 (2023: 58)
關鍵投訴數目： 61次 （二零二三年：58次）
Number of regular complaints: 38 (2023: 48)
定期投訴數目： 38次 （二零二三年：48次）
Number of immaterial complaints: 71 (2023: 78)
非重要投訴數目： 71次 （二零二三年：78次）
The Group’s hospitals have a comprehensive complaint 
management system. In 2024, most of the complaints were 
resolved amicably with only a few of them escalated into 
medical disputes. In 2024, 6 medical disputes cases  
(2023: 26) were materialised during the year.
本集團的醫院設有全面的投訴管理系統。二零二四年，
大部分投訴已獲和解，僅有少數升級為醫療糾紛。  
於二零二四年，年內共發生 6宗醫療糾紛案件  
（二零二三年： 26宗 ）。
B6.2
Practices relating to observing and 
protecting intellectual property rights
與維護及保障知識產權有關的慣例
The Relevant Operations do not involve a significant degree 
of intellectual property rights
有關經營業務並無涉及重大程度的知識產權
B6.3
Quality assurance process and recall 
procedures
質量檢定過程及產品回收程序
The Group has a comprehensive service quality 
management system consisting of structure, process and 
outcome. It has a wide scope covering every aspect of 
operations. Dedicated customer service department collects 
and gauges patient feedback and ensures that patient 
experience is positive through proactive outreach and 
responsive communication
B6.4
本集團設有包括架構、程序及結果在內的全面服務質
量管理系統，其範圍廣闊，涵蓋營運的每個方面。專責
客戶服務部門收集及計量患者反饋，並透過主動拓展
及積極溝通確保患者有良好體驗


===== PAGE 153 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
152
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
Employment and Labour Practices
僱傭及勞工常規
KPI
關鍵績效指標
Consumer data protection and privacy 
policies, how they are implemented 
and monitored
消費者資料保障及私隱政策，以及  
相關執行及監察方法
Patient medical records are kept in strict compliance with 
applicable laws and regulations. The Group has stringent 
protocols on accessing these records. The medical 
administration department is responsible for overseeing 
and auditing medical records management
B6.5
患者醫療記錄乃嚴格遵守適用法律法規來保存。本集
團設有獲取該等記錄的嚴格規程。醫務部負責監察及
審核醫療記錄管理
The Group’s hospitals maintain a certain level of information 
security infrastructure and implement strong access controls 
to information. Regular audits on the infrastructure are 
carried out to ensure relevant standards are met
本集團醫院維持一定程度的信息安全基礎設施及實施
對獲取資料的嚴格控制。將會對基礎設施進行定期審
核以確保符合相關標準
Staff are trained to be vigilant and sensitive about patient 
privacy. Policies and guidelines are implemented to create 
working processes that safeguard patient privacy
員工獲培訓須對患者隱私保持警惕及敏感。已實施政
策及指引以設立保障患者隱私的工作流程
Aspect B7: Anti-corruption
層面 B7：反貪污
Policies and compliance with relevant 
laws and regulations that have a 
significant impact on the issuer relating 
to bribery, extortion, fraud and money 
laundering
有關防止賄賂、勒索、欺詐及洗黑錢
的政策及遵守對發行人有重大影響
的相關法律及規例
Policies and procedures include:
• anti-bribery function at Group level;
• whistle blower programmes;
• close oversight over procurement processes;
• drug prescription patterns; and
• no red packet policy
政策及程序包括：
• 本集團層面的反賄賂職能；
• 舉報制度；
• 密切監察採購流程；
• 藥物處方模式；及
• 拒收紅包政策
B7


===== PAGE 154 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境、社會及管治報告
153
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
Employment and Labour Practices
僱傭及勞工常規
KPI
關鍵績效指標
Aspect B8: Community Investment
層面 B8：社區投資
Focus areas of contribution
專注貢獻範疇
In 2024, the Group has organised volunteer programmes 
and free clinics, with a focus primarily on children and 
elderly people with limited health awareness and/or access 
to affordable and adequate healthcare. The free clinics also 
penetrated remote areas where basic healthcare resources 
are scarce
二零二四年，本集團組織義工項目及免費會診，主要
集中於健康意識薄弱及╱或難以獲得可負擔及足夠醫
療保健的兒童及老人。免費會診亦深入到基礎醫療資
源稀缺的偏遠地區
B8.1
Resources contributed 
所動用資源
In 2024:
二零二四年：
Number of volunteer man-hours: 16,985 (2023: 11,539)
參與義工活動人員時數： 16,985小時
（二零二三年： 11,539小時）
Number of free clinic man-hours: 2,424 (2023: 1,282)
免費會診工時數目： 2,424小時 （二零二三年：1,282小時）
Total amount of compensation provided to staff for participating 
in free clinics: RMB0 (2023: RMB0)
向參與免費會診的員工提供的報酬總額：人民幣 0元 
（二零二三年：人民幣 0元）
B8.2


===== PAGE 155 =====
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
董事、監事及高級管理層
154
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
董事
執行董事
王君揚先生 ，42歲，為執行董事兼董事會主
席。彼主要負責本集團整體業務營運及策略
規劃。當本公司轉為股份有限責任公司後，
王先生於二零一五年十二月獲委任為執行
董事。 王先生擁有約18年的業內及管理經驗，
並熟悉現代企業管理、 資本運營及市場推廣。
王先生於二零零七年八月加入康華醫院，並
自此一直擔任多個職務 （包括自二零零七年
八月至二零零九年七月擔任總經理助理 （負
責醫院營運） 、自二零零九年八月至二零
一二年十一月擔任業務部經理 （負責業務發
展） 以及自二零一二年十二月起擔任業務部
副總經理 （負責醫院的業務管理及整體策略
發展） 。王先生自二零零七年八月起及自二
零零八年十二月起亦分別擔任康華集團及興
業集團的董事兼總經理，負責康華集團及興
業集團的業務管理及整體策略發展。王先生
自二零零九年十二月起一直擔任東莞市厚街
商會第四屆理事會理事，現任東莞市厚街商
會第六屆副主席。於二零一二年，王先生擔
任東莞市青年企業家協會第五屆理事會會長，
現任青年企業家聯合會名譽會長。二零一四
年六月，王先生獲世界莞商大會組織委員會
評為 「優秀青年莞商」 。於二零二二年，王先
生擔任東莞市工商業聯合會第十二屆副主
席及廣東省工商業聯合會第十三屆執行委員。
此外，王先生於二零一六年八月至二零二四
年五月曾獲委任為東莞農村商業銀行股份
有限公司的非執行董事。王先生為王氏家族
成員，是王偉雄先生的堂兄及陳旺枝先生和
王愛勤女士的姪兒。
陳旺枝先生 ，54歲，為執行董事兼本公司行
政總裁。陳先生主要負責本集團整體醫院營
運及管理。當本公司轉為股份有限責任公司
後，陳先生於二零一五年十二月獲委任為執
行董事。 陳先生擁有逾18年的醫療行業經驗，
陳先生於二零零五年八月仁康醫院在中國
成立為有限公司之時加入，並自此一直擔任
主席，負責醫院營運及發展。陳先生於二零
零五年九月在康華醫院於中國成立為有限
公司之時加入康華醫院，並自此擔任主席兼
總經理，負責醫院營運及發展。彼主要負責
監督康華醫院及仁康醫院的建設及發展，累
積了醫院管理及發展的豐富經驗。在陳先生
的領導下，康華醫院及仁康醫院形成了反映
「康華」 品牌價值及特色的管理風格，並獲得
了多項知名認證及榮譽。陳先生於二零一四
年十二月取得中山大學的高級管理人員工
商管理碩士學位。陳先生為王氏家族成員，
是王君揚先生的姑丈及王愛勤女士的配偶。
DIRECTORS
Executive Directors
Mr. WANG Junyang, aged 42, is an executive Director and chairman of the 
Board. He is primarily responsible for the overall business operation and 
strategic planning of the Group. Mr. Wang was appointed as the executive 
Director in December 2015 after the Company was converted into a joint stock 
limited liability company. Mr. Wang has approximately 18 years of industry and 
management experience, and is familiar with modern enterprise management, 
capital operations and marketing. Mr. Wang joined Kanghua Hospital in August 
2007 and has held various positions since then, including assistant to general 
manager responsible for hospital operations from August 2007 to July 2009, 
manager of the business department responsible for business development 
from August 2009 to November 2012 and vice general manager of the business 
department responsible for business management and overall strategic 
development of the hospital since December 2012. Mr. Wang has also served as 
director and general manager responsible for business management and overall 
strategic development of Kanghua Group since August 2007 and Xingye Group 
since December 2008. Mr. Wang has served on the fourth council of Dongguan 
City Houjie Chamber of Commerce ( 東莞市厚街商會第四屆理事會理事 ) since 
December 2009, and currently serves as The Vice Chairman of the Sixth Session 
(東莞市厚街商會第六届副主席 ). In 2012, Mr. Wang served as the president of 
the fifth council of Dongguan Young Entrepreneurs Association ( 東莞市青年企
業家協會第五屆理事會會長 ), and currently serves as the honorary chairman 
of the Federation of Young Entrepreneurs ( 青年企業家聯合會 ). In June 2014, Mr. 
Wang was awarded Outstanding Young Dongguan Businessman ( 優秀青年莞
商 ) by the World Dongguan Entrepreneurs Convention Organising Committee ( 世
界莞商大會組織委員會). In 2022, Mr. Wang served as the Vice Chairman of 
the 12th Session of the Dongguan Federation of Industry and Commerce and the 
Executive Committee member of the 13th Session of the Guangdong Federation 
of Industry and Commerce. Mr. Wang was also appointed as a nonexecutive 
Director of Dongguan Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd from August 2016 to May 
2024. Mr. Wang is a member of the Wang Family and is the cousin of Mr. Wong 
Wai Hung Simon and nephew of Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin.
Mr. CHEN Wangzhi, aged 54, is an executive Director and the chief executive 
officer of the Company. Mr. Chen is primarily responsible for the overall hospital 
operations and management of the Group. Mr. Chen was appointed as the 
executive Director in December 2015 after the Company was converted into a 
joint stock limited liability company. Mr. Chen has over 18 years of experience 
in the healthcare industry. Mr. Chen joined Renkang Hospital in August 2005 
when it was established as a limited liability company in the PRC and has since 
served as the chairman responsible for hospital operations and development. 
Mr. Chen joined Kanghua Hospital in September 2005 when it was established 
as a limited liability company in the PRC and has since served as the chairman 
and general manager responsible for hospital operations and development. He 
was principally responsible for supervising the construction and development of 
Kanghua Hospital and Renkang Hospital from which he had gained extensive 
experience in hospital management and development. Under the leadership 
of Mr. Chen, Kanghua Hospital and Renkang Hospital have developed a 
management style reflective of the values and characteristics of the “Kanghua” 
brand and obtained many prestigious accreditations and recognitions. Mr. Chen 
obtained an executive master’s degree in business administration ( 高級管理
人員工商管理 ) from Sun Yat-sen University ( 中山大學 ) in December 2014. Mr. 
Chen is a member of the Wang Family and is uncle-in-law of Mr. Wang Junyang 
and spouse of Ms. Wang Aiqin.


===== PAGE 156 =====
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
董事、監事及高級管理層
155
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
王偉雄先生 ，36 歲，為執行董事兼董事會
副主席。彼主要負責本集團整體業務營運及
策略規劃。當本公司轉為股份有限責任公司
後，王先生於二零一五年十二月獲委任為執
行董事。王先生擁有約14 年的醫院管理經
驗。王先生於二零一零年七月加入康華醫院
並自此擔任多個職務，包括自二零一零年七
月至二零一二年四月擔任主席助理 （負責實
施及執行主席決策） 、自二零一二年五月至
二零一三年六月擔任財務部經理 （負責醫院
財務事宜的總體監督） 以及自二零一三年七
月起擔任業務部的副總經理 （負責醫院的行
政管理） 。王先生積極參與東莞的商業社群。
彼自二零一六年一月起擔任香港厚街同鄉
會副會長。王先生為中國人民政治協商會議
第十四屆東莞市委員會常務委員，榮獲二零
二三年東莞市 「優秀青年民營企業家」 。於
二零二五年二月獲委任為東莞農村商業銀行
股份有限公司非執行董事及消費者權益保
護委員會委員。王先生於二零一零年十二月
自加利福尼亞州立大學北嶺分校 (Northridge)
獲得管理學學士學位。王先生為王氏家族成
員，是王君揚先生的堂弟及陳旺枝先生和王
愛勤女士的姪兒。
王愛勤女士 ，54歲，為執行董事。王女士主
要負責本集團的整體財務管理及資本投資。
王女士擁有約 27年的集團管理尤其是集團
財務管理經驗。 王女士於二零零五年八月 （仁
康醫院於中國成立為有限責任公司時） 加入
仁康醫院，並自此擔任監事兼財務部副總經
理，負責財務管理。王女士於二零零五年九
月 （康華醫院於中國成立為有限責任公司時）
加入康華醫院， 並自此擔任財務部副總經理，
負責財務管理。彼亦主要參與康華醫院及仁
康醫院的建設及發展。王女士自二零零二年
六月起亦擔任康華集團的董事兼副總經理
及自一九九七年六月起在興業集團擔任上
述職務，並在實施及執行有關財務管理、人
力資源管理、風險管理、審計管理及文化管
理的集團控制系統方面積累了豐富的經驗。
王女士為王氏家族成員，及為王君揚先生及
王偉雄先生的姑母以及陳旺枝先生的配偶。
Mr. WONG Wai Hung Simon, aged 36, is an executive Director and vice chairman 
of the Board. He is primarily responsible for the overall business operations 
and strategic planning of the Group. Mr. Wong was appointed as the executive 
Director in December 2015 after the Company was converted into a joint stock 
limited liability company. Mr. Wong has approximately 14 years of hospital 
management experience. Mr. Wong joined Kanghua Hospital in July 2010 and 
has since served various roles, including assistant to chairman responsible for 
implementing and executing chairman’s decisions from July 2010 to April 2012, 
manager of the finance department responsible for the overall supervision of 
the financial affairs of the hospital from May 2012 to June 2013, and vice general 
manager of the business department responsible for hospital administration 
management since July 2013. Mr. Wong actively participates in the business 
communities in Dongguan. He has served as the vice chairman of the Hong 
Kong Houjie Clansmen Association ( 香港厚街同鄉會) since January 2016. 
Mr. WONG was appointed as a member of the standing committee at the 14th 
Dongguan Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference 
(中國人民政治協商會議第十四屆東莞市委員會常務委員 ). In 2023, he was 
recognized as one of the “Outstanding Young Entrepreneurial Entrepreneurs ( 優
秀青年民營企業家)” in Dongguan City. In February 2025, he was appointed 
as a non-executive director and a member of the Consumer Rights Protection 
Committee of Dongguan Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. Mr. Wong obtained a 
bachelor’s degree in management from the California State University, Northridge 
in December 2010. Mr. Wong is a member of the Wang Family and is the cousin 
of Mr. Wang Junyang and nephew of Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin.
Ms. WANG Aiqin, aged 54, is an executive Director. Ms. Wang is primarily 
responsible for the overall financial management and capital investment of the 
Group. Ms. Wang has approximately 27 years of group management experience, 
in particular group financial management. Ms. Wang joined Renkang Hospital 
in August 2005 when it was established as a limited liability company in the 
PRC and has since served as a supervisor and a vice general manager of the 
finance department responsible for financial management. Ms. Wang joined 
Kanghua Hospital in September 2005 when it was established as a limited 
liability company in the PRC and has since served as a vice general manager 
of the finance department responsible for financial management. She was also 
substantially involved in the construction and development of Kanghua Hospital 
and Renkang Hospital. Ms. Wang has also served as a director and vice general 
manager of Kanghua Group since June 2002 and Xingye Group since June 1997, 
and has obtained significant experience in implementing and executing group 
control systems in financial management, human resources management, risk 
management, audit management and cultural management. Ms. Wang is a 
member of the Wang Family and is the aunt of Mr. Wang Junyang and Mr. Wong 
Wai Hung Simon, and spouse of Mr. Chen Wangzhi.


===== PAGE 157 =====
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
董事、監事及高級管理層
156
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
非執行董事
呂玉波先生 ，74歲，為非執行董事。彼主要
負責監督本集團的企業發展及策略規劃。
呂先生於二零一六年六月加入本集團，並於
二零一六年六月獲委任為非執行董事。呂
先生擁有逾 48年的豐富醫院管理經驗。自
一九七四年十月起，呂先生在廣東省中醫院
的發展過程中扮演重要角色，該醫院現已成
為中國最大的中醫院之一。呂先生曾在廣東
省中醫院出任多個管理職務，包括副院長及
院長。呂先生在中國的多個醫療協會任職，
包括自二零零六年二月起擔任中國醫院協
會副會長，自二零一零年八月起擔任廣東省
中醫藥學會會長，並自二零一五年八月起擔
任中國醫院協會中醫醫院分會的主任委員。
呂先生在中國醫學界廣受認可及已獲眾多
獎項，包括於二零零六年中國醫院協會頒發
的中國醫院突出貢獻獎，二零零七年九月中
華中醫藥學會頒發的全國中醫醫院優秀院
長獎，二零一四年中華中醫藥學會頒發的優
秀管理人才獎及於二零一五年廣東省人民
政府頒發的廣東省科技進步一等獎。呂先生
於一九八一年七月畢業於廣東業餘科技大
學英語專業及於一九八八年七月畢業於廣
東省經濟管理幹部學院組織管理專業。呂先
生於二零零五年十二月獲得中山大學嶺南
學院的高級管理人員工商管理碩士學位。
Non-executive Director
Mr. LV Yubo, aged 74, is a non-executive Director. He is primarily responsible for 
overseeing the corporate development and strategic planning of the Group. Mr. 
Lv joined the Group in June 2016 and was appointed as non-executive Director 
in June 2016. Mr. Lv has more than 48 years of extensive experience in hospital 
management. Since October 1974, Mr. Lv has played an instrumental role in the 
development of Guangdong Provincial Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine 
( 廣東省中醫院 ), which has now become one of the largest hospitals of 
traditional Chinese medicine in the PRC. Mr. Lv had served numerous managerial 
roles at Guangdong Provincial Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine, including 
vice director ( 副院長) and director ( 院長). Mr. Lv has served in a number of 
healthcare associations in the PRC, including deputy chairman ( 副會長) of the 
China Hospital Association (中國醫院協會) since February 2006, chairman (會長) 
of the Guangdong Provincial Association of Chinese Medicine ( 廣東省中醫藥
學會 ) since August 2010 and chairman ( 主任委員) of the Chinese Medicine 
Hospital Division of the China Hospital Association ( 中國醫院協會中醫醫院
分會 ) since August 2015. Mr. Lv is well regarded in the medical profession in the 
PRC and has received numerous awards, including Outstanding Contribution 
to Chinese Hospitals ( 中國醫院突出貢獻 ) from the China Hospital Association 
(中國醫院協會 ) in 2006, National Outstanding Director of the Chinese Medicine 
Hospital ( 全國中醫醫院優秀院長) from the China Association of Chinese 
Medicine ( 中華中醫藥學會) in September 2007, Outstanding Management 
Personnel ( 優秀管理人才) from the China Association of Chinese Medicine 
(中華中醫藥學會 ) in 2014 and the First Class Sci-Tech Advancement Award of 
Guangdong Province ( 廣東省科技進步一等獎 ) from the People’s Government 
of Guangdong Province ( 廣東省人民政府) in 2015. Mr. Lv graduated from 
Guangdong Provincial University of Continuing Technology Education ( 廣東
業餘科技大學) in July 1981 majoring in English, and Guangdong Economics 
Management Cadre College ( 廣東省經濟管理幹部學院 ) in July 1988 majoring 
in organisation management ( 組織管理 ). Mr. Lv obtained an executive master’s 
degree in business administration ( 高級管理人員工商管理 ) from Lingnan 
(University) College of Sun Yat-sen University ( 中山大學嶺南學院 ) in December 
2005.


===== PAGE 158 =====
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
董事、監事及高級管理層
157
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
獨立非執行董事
楊銘澧先生 ，76歲，為獨立非執行董事。彼
主要負責監督董事會及向董事會提供獨立
判斷。楊先生於二零一六年六月加入本集
團，並於二零一六年六月獲委任為獨立非執
行董事。楊先生擁有約 40年醫院營運經驗，
尤其精通財務管理、人事管理、人際關係以
及市場推廣。彼將其過半職業生涯奉獻於香
港的港安醫院。楊先生於一九六八年七月在
香港港安醫院任助理會計。彼於一九七七年
四月成為香港港安醫院的財務副總裁。彼於
一九七九年十月離開香港，在香港港安醫院
的資助下謀求醫院管理方面的進修培訓。
楊先生自一九八一年三月至一九八二年三
月亦曾於美國俄亥俄州 Kettering的 Kettering 
Medical Center 擔任醫院管理方面的管理實
習生。彼於一九八二年四月返回香港並同時
成為香港港安醫院及荃灣港安醫院的高級
副總裁。不久後，楊先生於一九八三年七月
獲委任為荃灣港安醫院的總裁。在楊先生的
領導下， 荃灣港安醫院發展為現代醫療機構，
提供先進的多學科醫療服務。彼於一九九二
年四月離開該醫院，隨後因私人理由移民加
拿大。楊先生返回香港並自二零零六年一月
至二零一五年十二月擔任兩家港安醫院的
總裁及行政總裁。楊先生於二零一五年十二
月辭去其於兩家港安醫院的職位。
楊先生於一九七九年六月在香港華南三育
書院獲得工商管理文憑，並於一九八二年
三月在美國加利福尼亞羅馬琳達大學 (Loma 
Linda University) 獲得醫院管理碩士學位。為
表彰其為香港港安醫院作出的傑出貢獻，菲
律賓亞德溫斯特大學 (the Adventist University 
of Philippines) 於二零零九年三月向楊先生授
予了人文學博士學位。
Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. YEUNG Ming Lai, aged 76, is an independent non-executive Director. He 
is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment 
to the Board. Mr. Yeung joined the Group in June 2016 and was appointed as 
independent non-executive Director in June 2016. Mr. Yeung has approximately 
40 years of hospital operation experience, particularly in financial management, 
personnel management, human relations and marketing. He dedicated much 
of his career to the Adventist Hospitals in Hong Kong. Mr. Yeung started as an 
assistant accountant at Hong Kong Adventist Hospital ( 香港港安醫院) in July 
1968. He became the vice president for finance of Hong Kong Adventist Hospital 
in April 1977. He left Hong Kong in October 1979 to pursue advanced training 
in hospital administration under sponsorship from the Hong Kong Adventist 
Hospital. Mr. Yeung had also served as an administrative residency at hospital 
administration at the Kettering Medical Center in Kettering, Ohio, the United States 
from March 1981 to March 1982. He returned to Hong Kong and became senior 
vice president of both Hong Kong Adventist Hospital and Tsuen Wan Adventist 
Hospital ( 荃灣港安醫院) in April 1982. Shortly after, Mr. Yeung was appointed 
as president of Tsuen Wan Adventist Hospital in July 1983. Under the leadership 
of Mr. Yeung, Tsuen Wan Adventist Hospital developed into a modern healthcare 
institution providing advanced multi-disciplinary healthcare services. He left the 
hospital in April 1992 and later emigrated to Canada to pursue other interests. Mr. 
Yeung returned to Hong Kong and had served as president and chief executive 
officer of both Adventist Hospitals from January 2006 to December 2015. Mr. 
Yeung left his positions at both Adventist Hospitals in December 2015.
Mr. Yeung obtained a diploma in business administration from the South China 
Union College in Hong Kong in June 1979 and a master’s degree in hospital 
administration from Loma Linda University in California, the United States in March 
1982. In recognition of his remarkable contributions to the Adventist Hospitals in 
Hong Kong, the Adventist University of Philippines bestowed a doctorate degree 
in humanities upon Mr. Yeung in March 2009.


===== PAGE 159 =====
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
董事、監事及高級管理層
158
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
陳可冀醫生 ，94歲，為獨立非執行董事。彼
主要負責監察及向董事會提供獨立意見。
陳醫生於二零一六年六月加入本集團，並於
二零一六年六月獲委任為獨立非執行董事。
陳醫生是中國著名心血管病專家，擁有超
過 68年的醫療行業經驗。陳醫生在中國中
醫科學院西苑醫院的發展過程中發揮著舉
足輕重的作用，彼現任其首席研究員及中國
中醫研究院終身研究員。自一九五六年四月
起，陳醫生任職中國科學院西苑醫院並擔任
多項職務，包括住院醫師、主治醫師、副主
任醫師、副研究員、科室主任、主任醫師、
研究員、博士生導師及副院長。陳醫生對中
國醫學界作出重大貢獻。彼於一九九一年當
選中國科學院院士。彼於一九九四年獲得台
灣立夫醫藥研究文教基金會頒發的第一屆
立夫中醫藥學術獎。彼於二零零九年獲得吳
階平醫學獎評審委員會頒發的吳階平醫學
獎。彼於二零零四年獲國務院頒發國家科技
進步獎一等獎。彼亦於二零零四年獲香港浸
會大學理學榮譽博士稱號，於二零一零年獲
澳門科技大學醫學榮譽博士稱號。彼於二零
一四年因其對中醫學術發展的貢獻而獲得中
華中醫藥學會頒發的終身成就獎。彼於二零
零九年成為香港中西醫結合醫師會名譽會
長，於二零一一年成為香港中醫學會榮譽學
術顧問，於二零一一年成為澳門大學及澳門
科技大學中藥質量研究國家重點實驗室學
術委員會主任，及於二零一五年成為中國中
西醫結合學會名譽會長。陳醫生於一九五四
年七月畢業於福建醫科大學 （前稱福建醫學
院） ，主修醫療系。
Dr. CHEN Keji, aged 94, is an independent non-executive Director. He is primarily 
responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to the Board. 
Dr. Chen joined the Group in June 2016 and was appointed as independent non-
executive Director in June 2016. Dr. Chen is a renowned cardiologist in the PRC 
with over 68 years of experience in the medical industry. Dr. Chen has played 
a pivotal role in the development of the Xiyuan Hospital of China Academy of 
Chinese Medical Sciences ( 中國中醫科學院西苑醫院), where he currently 
serves as chief researcher ( 首席研究員) and the lifetime researcher ( 終身
研究員 ) of the China Academy of Traditional Chinese Medicine ( 中國中醫研究
院 ). Dr. Chen has worked at the Chinese Medical Science Xiyuan Hospital ( 中國
科學院西苑醫院) since April 1956, and has served various roles, including 
resident doctor ( 住院醫師 ), attending doctor ( 主治醫師 ), associate chief doctor 
(副主任醫師 ), associate researcher ( 副研究員 ), department head ( 科室主任 ), 
chief doctor ( 主任醫師), researcher ( 研究員), tutor for doctor of philosophy 
students (博士生導師 ) and vice director (副院長 ). Dr. Chen has made significant 
contributions to the medical profession in the PRC. He was elected as the fellow 
of Chinese Academy of Sciences ( 中國科學院院士 ) in 1991. He received the First 
Lifu Academic Award ( 第一屆立夫中醫藥學術獎) for Chinese Medicine from 
the Lifu Medical Research Foundation ( 立夫醫藥研究文教基金會 ) in Taiwan in 
1994. He was awarded the Wu Jieping Medicine Prize ( 吳階平醫學獎) by the 
Wujieping Medicine Prize Committee ( 吳階平醫學獎評審委員會 ) in 2009. He 
received a First Class National Science and Technology Progress Award ( 國家科
技進步獎一等獎 ) from the State Council ( 國務院 ) in 2004. He also received an 
honorary doctorate of science from Hong Kong Baptist University in 2004, and an 
honorary doctorate of medicine ( 榮譽博士 ) from the Macau University of Science 
and Technology in 2010. He received a Lifetime Achievement Award (終身成就獎) 
from the China Association of Chinese Medicine ( 中華中醫藥學會 ) in 2014 for 
his contribution to the academic development of TCM. He became the honorary 
president ( 名譽會長) of the Hong Kong Association for Integration of Chinese-
Western Medicine ( 香港中西醫結合醫師會) in 2009, the honorary academic 
advisor ( 榮譽學術顧問) of the Hong Kong Association of Traditional Chinese 
Medicine ( 香港中醫學會) in 2011, and the director of the academic committee 
(學術委員會主任 ) of the State Key Laboratories of Quality Research in Chinese 
Medicines (中藥質量研究國家重點實驗室) of the University of Macau (澳門大學) 
and the Macau University of Science and Technology ( 澳門科技大學) in 2011 
and the honorary president ( 名譽會長 ) of the Chinese Association of Integrative 
Medicine ( 中國中西醫結合學會) in 2015. Dr. Chen graduated from Fujian 
Medical University (福建醫科大學) (formerly Fujian Medical College (福建醫學院)) 
in July 1954, majoring in medicine (醫療系 ).


===== PAGE 160 =====
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
董事、監事及高級管理層
159
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
陳星能先生 ，50歲，為獨立非執行董事。彼
主要負責監察及向董事會提供獨立意見。陳
先生於二零一五年十二月獲委任為董事，並
於二零一六年六月正式獲確認為獨立非執
行董事。陳先生在審核、會計及財務管理方
面擁有約 26年經驗。於一九九八年至二零
零二年，陳先生在 K.L. Wong & Co.（一家會計
師事務所） 擔任高級審核助理。於二零零三
年一月至二零一九年一月，陳先生擔任奔威
有限公司 （一家諮詢服務公司） 的財務經理。
自二零一九年三月起，陳先生擔任妙思集團
控股有限公司的財務總監。自二零零九年九
月起，陳先生一直擔任青藍會計師事務所有
限公司的核數部主管，主要負責審計規劃及
監督、內部控制評估、稅務顧問、公司秘書
服務及業務發展。陳先生由二零一三年十一
月至二零二五年三月曾擔任鼎豐集團控股
有限公司 （一家曾於香港聯交所GEM上市的
公司 （股份代號：8056） 而目前於主板上市
（股份代號： 6878） ） 的獨立非執行董事。於
二零二一年十一月起，陳先生擔任 Platt Nera 
International Limited（股份代號： 1949 ）公 司
秘書。於二零二一年一月，陳先生辭任亮晴
控股有限公司 （股份代號：8603） 的獨立非
執行董事。陳先生亦為 A2Z Hotel Equipment 
Limited（一家主要從事餐具貿易的公司） 的
董事。陳先生是香港會計師公會執業會計師
及英國特許公認會計師公會會員。陳先生於
一九九八年自香港城市大學畢業，獲專業會
計高級文憑。
Mr. CHAN Sing Nun, aged 50, is an independent non-executive Director. He is 
primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to the 
Board. Mr. Chan was appointed as a Director in December 2015; his appointment 
as independent non-executive Director was officially confirmed in June 2016. 
Mr. Chan has approximately 26 years of experience in auditing, accounting 
and financial management. From 1998 to 2002, Mr. Chan was a senior audit 
associate at K.L. Wong & Co., an audit firm. From January 2003 to January 2019, 
Mr. Chan was the financial manager of Brandwell Limited, a consulting services 
company. Since March 2019, Mr. Chan has been the Financial controller of Muse 
Group Holdings Limited. Since September 2009, Mr. Chan has been the audit 
principal of Qing Lan C.P.A. Limited, mainly responsible for audit planning and 
supervision, internal control assessment, tax advisory, corporate secretarial 
services and business development. Mr. Chan had served as an independent 
non-executive director of Differ Group Holding Company Limited (a company 
formerly listed on the GEM board with stock code 8056 and currently listed on 
the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with stock code 6878) from 
November 2013 to March 2025. Mr. Chan has been the company secretary 
of Platt Nera International Limited (Stock code:1949) since November 2021. In 
January 2021 resigned as an independent non-executive director of Fameglow 
Holdings Limited (Stock code: 8603). Mr. Chan also is the director of A2Z Hotel 
Equipment Limited, a company that is principally engaged in tableware trading. 
Mr. Chan is a certified public accountant of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified 
Public Accountants and a member of the Association of Chartered Certified 
Accountants. Mr. Chan graduated from the City University of Hong Kong in 1998, 
and obtained a higher diploma in professional accounting.


===== PAGE 161 =====
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
董事、監事及高級管理層
160
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
監事
陳少明先生 ，46歲，為監事會主席。彼主要
負責監察本集團的日常營運及管理。陳先生
於二零零五年九月加入本集團，並於二零
一五年十二月獲委任為我們的監事及監事
會主席。陳先生於醫療保健行業擁有逾 18年
財務管理經驗。 陳先生於二零零五年九月 （康
華醫院於中國成立為有限責任公司時） 加入
康華醫院，自此擔任多項職務，包括自二零
零五年九月至二零零七年四月擔任財務部
經理、自二零零七年五月至二零一三年十二
月擔任財務部的財務總監，以及自二零一三
年三月起擔任監事。陳先生曾參與康華醫院
的建設及發展，從中獲得寶貴的醫院管理經
驗。陳先生自二零一二年十一月起擔任康華
集團財務部的財務總監。陳先生於二零零三
年七月畢業於廣東省經濟管理幹部學院，獲
得會計文憑。
岳春陽先生 ，50 歲，為監事及目前為康華
醫院總經理，主要負責管理其整體信息技術
系統、行政及配套職能。岳春陽先生擁有約
21年醫院管理經驗。岳先生於二零零三年二
月加入本集團並參與成立康華醫院。自康華
醫院於二零零六年十一月開始營運起，岳先
生在康華醫院擔任各種管理職務，主要開發
及管理其信息技術系統、行政及配套職能。
加入本集團前，岳先生於一九九七年八月至
一九九九年十月在河南省魯山縣琴台總工會
計算機學校擔任老師一職，及於一九九九年
七月至二零零三年一月在魯山縣電信局任職。
岳先生於一九九七年八月畢業於鄭州大學，
取得計算機科學與技術學士學位。
SUPERVISORS
Mr. CHEN Shaoming, aged 46, is the chairman of the Supervisory Committee. He 
is primarily responsible for supervising the daily operations and management of 
the Group. Mr. Chen joined the Group in September 2005 and was appointed as 
our Supervisor and the chairman of the supervisory committee in December 2015. 
Mr. Chen has more than 18 years of financial management experience in the 
healthcare industry. Mr. Chen joined Kanghua Hospital in September 2005 when 
it was established as a limited liability company in the PRC and has since served 
various roles, including manager of the finance department from September 
2005 to April 2007, financial controller of the finance department from May 2007 
to December 2013 and supervisor since March 2013. Mr. Chen participated in 
the construction and development of Kanghua Hospital from which he gained 
valuable hospital management experience. Mr. Chen has served as a financial 
controller of the finance department of Kanghua Group since November 2012. 
Mr. Chen graduated from Guangdong Economic Management College ( 廣東省
經濟管理幹部學院 ) and obtained a diploma in accounting in July 2003.
Mr. YUE Chunyang, aged 50, is a supervisor and is currently the general 
manager of Kanghua Hospital primarily responsible for managing its overall 
information technology system, administrative and ancillary functions. Mr. Yue 
Chunyang has approximately 21 years of hospital management experience. Mr. 
Yue joined the Group in February 2003 and participated in the establishment of 
Kanghua Hospital. Since the commencement of operations of Kanghua Hospital 
in November 2006, he has assumed various managerial roles at Kanghua 
Hospital primarily to develop and manage its information technology system, 
administrative and ancillary functions. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Yue had 
gained his industry experience from Qintai General Labour Union Computer 
School ( 琴台總工會計算機學校) in Lushan County of Henan Province ( 河南
省魯山縣 ) as a teacher from August 1997 to October 1999, and Lushan County 
Communication Administration ( 魯山縣電信局) as a staff member from July 
1999 to January 2003. Mr. Yue graduated from Zhengzhou University ( 鄭州大學 ) 
and obtained a bachelor’s degree in computer science and technology in August 
1997.


===== PAGE 162 =====
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
董事、監事及高級管理層
161
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
王少鋒先生 ，41歲，為監事。彼主要負責監
察本集團的日常營運及管理。王先生於二零
零六年十月加入本集團，並於二零一五年
十二月獲委任為我們的監事及監事會職工
代表。王先生在醫療保健行業擁有約 17年的
人力資源經驗。王先生於二零零六年十月加
入仁康醫院。於二零零六年十月至二零零七
年二月，王先生擔任仁康醫院信息部的網絡
工程師。於二零零七年三月至二零零七年八
月，王先生被調往康華醫院接受採購部及人
力資源部的在職培訓。於二零零七年九月，
王先生正式受聘於康華醫院，並自此擔任人
力資源部門主管， 負責招聘、 工資單、 績效、
培訓及僱員關係。於二零二一年十一月，王
先生調任康華醫院運營部門經理。王先生於
二零零六年六月畢業於東莞理工學院，並獲
得計算機科學與技術學士學位。二零一八年
八月，王先生獲得了由中華人民共和國人力
資源和社會保障部授予的企業人力資源管
理管理師 （二級） 之職業資格。
Mr. WANG Shaofeng, aged 41, is a Supervisor. He is primarily responsible for 
supervising the daily operations and management of the Group. Mr. Wang joined 
the Group in October 2006 and was appointed as our Supervisor and employee 
representative of the Supervisory Committee in December 2015. Mr. Wang 
has approximately 17 years of human resources experience in the healthcare 
industry. Mr. Wang joined Renkang Hospital in October 2006. From October 2006 
to February 2007, Mr. Wang worked at Renkang Hospital as a network engineer 
in the information department. From March 2007 to August 2007, Mr. Wang was 
seconded to Kanghua Hospital to receive on-the-job training in the procurement 
department and the human resources department. In September 2007, Mr. 
Wang became formally employed by Kanghua Hospital and has since served as 
head of the human resources department responsible for recruitment, payroll, 
performance, training and employee relations. In November 2021, Mr. Wang 
has been transferred to the operation department of Kanghua Hospital to serve 
as the operation manager. Mr. Wang graduated from Dongguan University of 
Technology ( 東莞理工學院 ) with a bachelor’s degree in computer science and 
technology in June 2006. In August 2018, Mr. Wong acquired the occupational 
qualification of Enterprises Human Resource Management (Second Level), 
awarded by the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the PRC.


===== PAGE 163 =====
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
董事、監事及高級管理層
162
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
高級管理層
賈國良醫生 ，81歲，自二零一六年六月起為
本公司的臨床副總經理。彼主要負責監督本
集團醫院的臨床營運。賈醫生為中國著名心
血管病專家，於醫療行業擁有逾 55年經驗。
彼於二零零八年三月加入康華醫院，現任康
華醫院副院長兼心血管病醫學中心主任。加
入本集團前，於一九六八年八月至一九七四
年十二月，賈醫生在新疆軍區六師醫院任軍
醫。於一九七五年一月至二零零五年十月，
賈醫生在第四軍醫大學附屬一院歷任心內科
主治醫生、副主任及主任，負責臨床、教學
及營運。於二零零五年十月至二零零八年二
月，賈醫生在西安市第一醫院的西安市心血
管病醫院任院長。賈醫生為中國的心血管保
健尤其在軍隊醫學方面作出巨大貢獻。彼擔
任多家醫學協會會員及醫學期刊編輯部成員。
除於一九九六年十二月獲國家科學技術委
員會授予三等科技進步獎外，賈醫生就其在
軍隊醫學研究項目上所作貢獻獲中國人民
解放軍總後勤部授予超過 18項獎項。賈醫生
於二零零五年三月分別獲得中國介入心臟
病學終生成就獎及中華醫學會所授予的特
別貢獻獎。賈醫生持續積極推進其在心血管
保健方面的工作。其近期聘用情況包括於二
零一三年擔任中華醫學會心血管病學分會
的顧問、於二零一四年擔任中國醫師協會心
血管內科醫師分會的會員及於二零一六年
擔任中華老年心腦血管病雜誌編輯部顧問。
賈醫生具備主任醫師資格。
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Dr. JIA Guoliang , aged 81, is a clinical vice general manager of the Company 
since June 2016. He is primarily responsible for overseeing the clinical operations 
of the Group’s hospitals. Dr. Jia is a renowned cardiologist in the PRC with more 
than 55 years of experience in the medical industry. He joined Kanghua Hospital 
in March 2008 and currently serves as a vice director of Kanghua Hospital and 
the head of the Cardiovascular Center. Before joining the Group, from August 
1968 to December 1974, Dr. Jia had worked at the Xinjiang Military Region Sixth 
Division Hospital ( 新疆軍區六師醫院 ) as a military surgeon. From January 1975 
to October 2005, Dr. Jia had worked at the First Affiliated Hospital of the Fourth 
Military Medical University ( 第四軍醫大學附屬一院 ) as an attending physician 
in cardiology ( 心內科主治醫生), associate director ( 副主任) and director ( 主
任 ), where he undertook clinical, teaching and operational responsibilities. 
From October 2005 to February 2008, Dr. Jia had worked at the Cardiovascular 
Hospital of Xi An No. 1 Hospital as a director ( 院長 ). Dr. Jia has made substantial 
contributions to cardiovascular healthcare, particularly in military medicine, 
in the PRC. He has served as a committee member of numerous medical 
associations and editorial board of medical journals. In addition to a Third Class 
Prize in Technology Improvement ( 三等科技進步獎) awarded by the National 
Commission for Scientific and Technological Research ( 國家科學技術委員會) 
in December 1996, Dr. Jia had received more than 18 awards from the General 
Logistics Department of the Chinese People’s Liberation Army ( 中國人民解放軍
總後勤部 ) for the contribution of his research projects in military medicine ( 軍隊
醫學). Dr. Jia received a Life-time Award in Interventional Cardiology in the PRC 
(中國介入心臟病學終生成就獎) and a Distinctive Contribution Award ( 特別
貢獻獎) from the Chinese Medical Association ( 中華醫學會), respectively, in 
March 2005. Dr. Jia continues to actively pursue his endeavours in cardiovascular 
healthcare. His recent appointments include consultant for the interventional 
cardiovascular diseases branch of the Chinese Medical Association ( 中華醫學
會心血管病學分會 ) in 2013, committee member for the cardiologist branch of 
the Chinese Medical Doctor Association ( 中國醫師協會心血管內科醫師分會 ) 
in 2014 and consultant for the editorial board of Chinese Journal of Geriatric 
Heart Brain and Vessel Diseases ( 中華老年心腦血管病雜誌) in 2016. Dr. Jia 
possesses the chief doctor qualification.


===== PAGE 164 =====
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
董事、監事及高級管理層
163
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
李志偉醫生 ，57歲，自二零一六年六月起為
本公司的臨床副總經理。彼主要負責監督本
集團醫院的臨床營運。李醫生在中國為業界
領先的外科醫生，於醫療行業擁有逾 33年
經驗。彼於二零零六年二月加入康華醫院，
現任康華醫院副院長兼肝膽胰外科主任。李
醫生亦參與管理康華醫院的發展及營運，並
因此獲得寶貴的醫院管理經驗。加入本集團
前， 自一九九零年八月至二零零五年十二月，
李醫生一直於 301醫院專注肝膽手術臨床實
踐，擔任多個職務，包括住院醫師、總住院
醫師、主治醫師、查房總主治醫師及副主任
醫師。李醫生一直投身於中國普通外科及醫
學會的發展。彼由於在教學及教學管理方面
的傑出表現分別於一九九七年及二零零一
年獲中國人民解放軍軍醫進修學院兩次評
為先進工作個人。李醫生於一九九零年七月
畢業於第一軍醫大學，取得醫學學士學位。
彼分別於一九九五年七月及二零零三年七
月自 301醫院軍醫進修學院取得普外科碩士
學位及臨床醫學博士學位。李醫生於二零零
九年一月取得肝膽外科主任醫師資格。
林岩女士 ，62歲，自二零一六年六月起為本
公司的臨床副總經理。彼主要負責本集團醫
院護理工作的整體管理。林女士為一名經驗
豐富的護士，於醫療行業擁有逾 40年經驗。
林女士於二零一零年九月加入康華醫院，並
自此擔任護理部主任。加入本集團前，林女
士於一九八三年七月至二零一零年十月期
間在中山大學附屬第二醫院擔任多個職務，
包括護士、手術室護士長、護理部主任及門
診辦公室副主任。林女士在中國護理行業作
出突出貢獻，在全國、特別在廣東省手術室
護理專業領域具有很大影響力。彼參與出版
護理方面的眾多專業操作指引，包括中山大
學出版社出版的 《實用手術護理學》 主編，
榮獲中國大學出版協會評比華南地區大學
優秀教材一等獎， 廣東省出版集團出版的 《專
業護士核心能力建設指南》 參編及廣東省出
版集團出版的 《臨床護理文書規範》 的參編。
林女士於一九八九年六月自中山醫科大學
夜大學取得高級護理文憑。林女士於二零一
零年一月畢業於湖南中醫藥大學。彼於二零
零七年十二月獲得主任護理師資格。
Dr. LI Zhiwei, aged 57, is a clinical vice general manager of the Company since 
June 2016. He is primarily responsible for overseeing the clinical operations of the 
Group’s hospitals. Dr. Li is an industry leading general surgeon in the PRC with 
more than 33 years of experience in the medical industry. He joined Kanghua 
Hospital in February 2006 and currently serves as a vice director of Kanghua 
Hospital and the head of the Department of Hepatobiliary and Pancreatic Surgery. 
Dr. Li also participated in managing the development and operation of Kanghua 
Hospital from which he gained valuable hospital management experience. 
Before joining the Group, from August 1990 to December 2005, Dr. Li had focused 
his practice on hepatobiliary surgery at the 301 Military Hospital (301 醫院 ), where 
he had served various roles, including resident doctor ( 住院醫師 ), chief resident 
doctor ( 總住院醫師), attending doctor ( 主治醫師), ward inspection chief 
attending doctor ( 查房總主治醫師 ) and associate chief doctor ( 副主任醫師 ). 
Dr. Li is substantially involved in the development of general surgery and medical 
associations in the PRC. He was complimented to be an advanced teaching 
individual ( 先進工作個人 ) twice by the PLA Postgraduate Medical School ( 軍醫
進修學院) in 1997 and 2001, respectively, for his outstanding performance in 
teaching and teaching management. Dr. Li graduated from First Military Medical 
University ( 第一軍醫大學) with a medical bachelor’s degree in July 1990. He 
obtained a master’s degree in general surgery and doctoral degree in clinical 
medicine from the postgraduate medical school ( 軍醫進修學院 ) of 301 Military 
Hospital (301 醫院) in July 1995 and July 2003, respectively. Dr. Li obtained the 
chief doctor qualification in hepatobiliary surgery in January 2009.
Ms. LIN Yan, aged 62, is a clinical vice general manager of the Company since 
June 2016. She is primarily responsible for the overall management of the nursing 
work of the Group’s hospitals. Ms. Lin is a highly experienced nurse with more 
than 40 years of experience in the medical industry. Ms. Lin joined Kanghua 
Hospital in September 2010 and has since served as the head of the Nursing 
Department. Before joining the Group, from July 1983 to October 2010, Ms. Lin had 
served various roles at Second Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen University ( 中山
大學附屬第二醫院), including nurse, head nurse of operating theatre, head 
of nursing department and deputy head of outpatient office. Ms. Lin has made 
distinguished contributions in the nursing profession in the PRC, with far-reaching 
influence in the field of operating room nursing within the PRC, in particular 
Guangdong Province. She participated in the publication of many professional 
practice guides in nursing, including main editor ( 主編) for Practical Surgical 
Nursing ( 實用手術護理學) published by the Sun Yat-sen University Press ( 中
山大學出版社), which received a First Class Prize in Outstanding Teaching 
Materials ( 優秀教材一等獎) in Southern China universities from the China 
University Presses Association ( 中國大學出版協會 ), participating editor ( 參編 ) 
for Guide on Improving the Core Competence of Professional Nurse ( 專業護士
核心能力建設指南 ) published by the Guangdong Provincial Publishing Group 
(廣東省出版集團), and participating editor ( 參編) for Clinical Care Document 
Specifications ( 臨床護理文書規範) published by the Guangdong Provincial 
Publishing Group. Ms. Lin obtained a diploma in advanced nursing from the 
Evening School of Sun Yat-sen University Zhongshan School of Medicine ( 中山
醫科大學夜大學 ) in June 1989. Ms. Lin graduated from the Hunan University of 
Chinese Medicine ( 湖南中醫藥大學) in January 2010. She obtained the chief 
nurse qualification (主任護理師 ) in December 2007.


===== PAGE 165 =====
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
董事、監事及高級管理層
164
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
王柏枝先生 ，49 歲，自二零一六年六月起
為本公司的營運副總經理。彼負責本集團醫
院的整體行政及配套營運事宜並監督本集
團的醫院管理業務。王先生擁有約 19年醫院
管理經驗。王先生於二零零五年八月 （仁康
醫院在中國成立為有限公司時） 加入仁康醫
院，彼自此擔任仁康醫院副總經理，於二零
一五年十一月任仁康醫院總經理，主要負責
醫院的行政及配套營運事宜。王先生亦參與
仁康醫院的建設及發展。加入本集團前，於
一九九八年三月至二零零三年七月，王先生
任職中國建設銀行，負責審核及貸款管理事
宜。王先生於一九九八年六月取得東莞理工
學院機械製造工程及設計專業文憑。
黃偉恒先生 ，46歲，為本公司的首席財務官
及聯席公司秘書及自二零二三年九月起獲
委任為董事會秘書。黃先生在會計及財務方
面累積逾 22年經驗。彼主要負責本集團的
整體財務管理、資本投資、投資者關係及企
業融資。黃先生於二零一五年十二月加入本
公司任首席財務官。加入本集團前，於二零
零二年十二月至二零一五年十一月，黃先生
任職於德勤 • 關黃陳方會計師行，在此負責
領導、管理及監督上市及跨國公司的審計工
作。 黃先生亦於其先前職務中積累交易經驗，
包括收購、債券發行及首次公開發售。黃先
生於加入本集團前曾任德勤 • 關黃陳方會計
師行的高級經理。黃先生是香港會計師公會
執業會計師及澳洲執業會計師。黃先生於二
零零零年四月以優異成績自新南威爾士大
學取得商學學士學位 （主修會計及財務） ，
並於二零零三年五月自新南威爾士大學取
得商學碩士學位 （主修高級信息系統與管理） 。
Mr. WANG Baizhi, aged 49, is an operation vice general manager of the 
Company since June 2016. He is responsible for the overall administrative and 
ancillary operations of the Group’s hospitals as well as overseeing the Group’s 
hospital management business. Mr. Wang has approximately 19 years of hospital 
management experience. Mr. Wang joined Renkang Hospital in August 2005 
when it was established as a limited liability company in the PRC and has since 
served as the vice general manager of Renkang Hospital, and as the general 
manager of Renkang Hospital since November 2015, primarily responsible for the 
hospital’s administrative and ancillary operations. Mr. Wang also participated in 
the construction and development of Renkang Hospital. Before joining the Group, 
from March 1998 to July 2003, Mr. Wang had worked at China Construction Bank 
responsible for auditing and loan management. Mr. Wang obtained a diploma 
in mechanical manufacturing engineering and design from the Dongguan 
University of Technology (東莞理工學院 ) in June 1998.
Mr. WONG Wai Hang Ricky, aged 46, is a chief financial officer and a joint 
company secretary of the Company and appointed as the secretary to the 
Board since September 2023. Mr. Wong has more than 22 years of experience 
in accounting and finance. He is primarily responsible for the overall financial 
management, capital investment, investor relations and corporate finance of the 
Group. Mr. Wong joined the Company as chief financial officer in December 2015. 
Before joining the Group, from December 2002 to November 2015, Mr. Wong 
had worked at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, where he was responsible for leading, 
managing and supervising audits for listed and multi-national companies. Mr. 
Wong has also cultivated transactional experience in his previous roles, including 
acquisitions, debt offerings and initial public offerings. Mr. Wong was a senior 
manager at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu before he joined the Group. Mr. Wong 
is a certified public accountant of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants and CPA Australia. Mr. Wong obtained a bachelor’s degree of 
commerce majoring in accounting and finance with merit from the University of 
New South Wales in April 2000, and a master’s degree of commerce majoring 
in advanced information systems and management from the University of New 
South Wales in May 2003.


===== PAGE 166 =====
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
董事、監事及高級管理層
165
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
陳莉女士 ，53歲，自二零一六年六月起為本
公司的財務總監。彼主要負責本集團醫院的
整體財務管理。陳女士於財務管理方面擁有
逾 31年經驗。陳女士於二零零五年九月 （康
華醫院在中國成立為有限公司時） 加入康華
醫院，目前在財務部任財務總監。在康華醫
院的建設及發展階段，陳女士亦參與管理康
華醫院的財務營運事宜，從中累積了寶貴
的醫院財務管理經驗。加入本集團前，彼於
一九九二年九月至二零零四年三月期間在
廣東福地彩色顯像管公司屬下東莞市廣彩
城酒店擔任多個職務， 包括會計、 會計主管、
成本主管及項目經理。 自二零一六年一月起，
彼亦擔任東莞市社會保險協會副會長。陳女
士於一九九二年六月自長沙職工大學取得
財務會計文憑。彼於一九九八年十二月於東
莞黨校畢業。
聯席公司秘書
黃偉恒先生為本公司的聯席公司秘書之一，
亦為本公司的高級管理層成員。其履歷請參
閱本節 「高級管理層」 。
周慶齡女士自二零一六年六月二十七日起
獲委任為本公司的聯席公司秘書。彼自二零
一三年六月起加入Vistra Corporate Services 
(HK) Limited，現於該公司出任企業服務執行
董事並領導一支由專業人員組成的團隊，提
供全方位的公司秘書服務。周女士在企業服
務行業擁有逾 20年經驗。
周女士現時為數家於香港聯交所上市的公
司之公司秘書。周女士於二零零七年十一月
取得香港大學法學碩士學位，主修公司及金
融法，並自二零一三年五月起一直為英國特
許公司治理公會 （前稱英國特許秘書及行政
人員公會） 及香港公司治理公會 （前稱香港
特許秘書公會） 資深會員。
Ms. CHEN Li, aged 53, is a financial controller of the Company since June 
2016. She is primarily responsible for the overall financial management of the 
Group’s hospitals. Ms. Chen has more than 31 years of experience in financial 
management. Ms. Chen joined Kanghua Hospital in September 2005 when it 
was established as a limited liability company in the PRC and is currently serving 
as financial controller in the finance department. Ms. Chen also participated in 
managing the financial operations of Kanghua Hospital during its construction 
and development phase from which she gained valuable hospital financial 
management experience. Before joining the Group, from September 1992 to 
March 2004, she had served various roles at Dongguan City Guangcai Hotel 
( 東莞市廣彩城酒店), a subsidiary of Guangdong Fortune Colour Picture 
Tube Co., Ltd. ( 廣東福地彩色顯像管公司), including accountant, accounting 
supervisor, cost supervisor and project manager. She has also served as the 
vice chairman ( 副會長) of the Dongguan Social Insurance Association ( 東莞市
社會保險協會 ) since January 2016. Ms. Chen obtained a diploma in financial 
accounting from Changsha University of Workers ( 長沙職工大學 ) in June 1992. 
She graduated from Dongguan Party School (東莞黨校 ) in December 1998.
JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Mr. WONG Wai Hang Ricky, one of the joint company secretaries of the Company, 
is also a senior management member of the Company. Please refer to “Senior 
Management” in this section for his biography.
Ms. CHAU Hing Ling was appointed as a joint company secretary of the Company 
since 27 June 2016. She joined Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited since June 
2013 and currently serves as an executive director of Corporate Services of Vistra 
Corporate Services (HK) Limited, where she leads a team of professional staff to 
provide a full range of company secretary services. Ms. Chau has over 20 years 
of experience in the corporate services industry.
Ms. Chau is currently the company secretary of several companies listed on the 
Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Ms. Chau received a master of laws majoring in 
corporate and finance law from the University of Hong Kong in November 2007. 
She has been a fellow member of The Chartered Governance Institute (formerly 
known as the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators) in United 
Kingdom and The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as 
the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries) since May 2013.


===== PAGE 167 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
166
Independent Auditor’s Report
獨立核數師報告
To the shareholders of 
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd.
(Formerly known as Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Co., Ltd.)
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited 
liability)
OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Guangdong Kanghua 
Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare 
Co., Ltd.) (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the 
“Group”) set out on pages 175 to 292, which comprise the consolidated statement 
of financial position as at 31 December 2024, and the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of 
changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then 
ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material 
accounting policy information.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of 
the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2024, and 
of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the 
year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by 
the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly 
prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong 
Companies Ordinance.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing 
(“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants 
(“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in 
the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements 
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the 
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have 
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe 
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide 
a basis for our opinion.
致廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司
（前稱廣東康華醫療股份有限公司） 股東
（於中華人民共和國註冊成立的股份有限  
公司）
意見
本行已審計第 175頁至第 292頁所載廣東康
華醫療集團股份有限公司 （前稱廣東康華醫
療股份有限公司） （ 「貴公司」 ） 及其附屬公司
（統稱 「貴集團」 ） 的綜合財務報表，此綜合財
務報表包括於二零二四年十二月三十一日
的綜合財務狀況表及截至該日止年度的綜
合損益及其他全面收益表、綜合權益變動表
及綜合現金流量表，以及包括重大會計政策
資料在內的綜合財務報表附註。
本行認為，綜合財務報表已根據國際會計準
則委員會 （ 「國際會計準則委員會」 ） 頒佈的
國際財務報告準則會計準則真實而公平地
反映 貴集團於二零二四年十二月三十一日
的綜合財務狀況及截至該日止年度  貴集團
的綜合財務表現及其綜合現金流量，並已按
照香港公司條例的披露規定妥為編製。
意見的基礎
本行已根據香港會計師公會 （ 「香港會計師
公會」 ） 頒佈的 《香港審計準則》 （ 「香港審計
準則」 ） 進行審計。本行在該等準則下的責任
已於本報告 「核數師就審計綜合財務報表的
責任」 一節中詳述。根據香港會計師公會的
「專業會計師道德守則」 （ 「守則」 ） ，本行獨立
於 貴集團，並已遵循守則履行其他道德責
任。本行相信，本行所獲得的審計憑證足夠
及能適當地為本行的意見提供基礎。


===== PAGE 168 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
167
Independent Auditor’s Report
獨立核數師報告
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were 
of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the 
current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of 
the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion 
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
關鍵審計事項 本行於審計時如何處理關鍵審計事項
Impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets of Chongqing Kanghua Zhonglian Healthcare 
Management Co., Ltd. (“Chongqing Kanghua Property”)
重慶康華眾聯醫療管理有限公司 （ 「重慶康華物業」 ） 的物業、廠房及設備以及使用權資產的減值評估
During the year ended 31 December 2024, Chongqing 
Kanghua Zhonglian Cardiovascular Hospital Co., Ltd. (“Kangxin 
Hospital”) underwent a demerger conducted under the laws of 
the People’s Republic of China, pursuant to which Chongqing 
Kanghua Property was established, as a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Company, to hold the land and buildings 
underlying the operation of Kangxin Hospital.
As at 31 December 2024, Chongqing Kanghua Property 
had property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets 
transferred from Kangxin Hospital with aggregate carrying 
amount of RMB653,631,000, representing approximately 24% 
of total assets.
The Group’s management considered the future economic 
benefits arising from Chongqing Kanghua Property’s property, 
plant and equipment and right-of-use assets shall become 
uncertain following the disposal of Kangxin Hospital and 
performed an impairment assessment by assessing the 
recoverable amount of the property, plant and equipment and 
right-of-use assets of Chongqing Kanghua Property based on 
valuations of fair value less costs of disposal prepared by an 
independent external valuer.
Significant unobservable inputs was involved in the assessment 
of the recoverable amount, including the assumptions on 
replacement cost, deduction for obsolescence, capitalisation 
rate and the selection of comparable market transactions. The 
outcome is sensitive to the expected future market conditions.
The accounting policies, significant accounting judgements and 
estimates and disclosures for impairment assessments are 
included in notes 2.4, 3, 14 and 15 to the consolidated financial 
statements.
We evaluated the methodologies, assumptions and estimates 
used in the valuation by:
– Obtaining and inspecting the valuation reports prepared 
by the independent external valuer engaged by the Group 
and on which the directors’ impairment assessment of 
property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets of 
Chongqing Kanghua Property was based on;
– Assessing the independent external valuer’s qualifications, 
experience and expertise in the properties being valued 
and considering their objectivity; and
– Discussing with the independent external valuer, to 
understand the valuation methodologies applied and the 
key estimates and assumptions adopted in their valuations 
and assess their reasonableness and the consistency with 
industry norms by comparing the significant unobservable 
inputs, such as replacement cost, deduction for 
obsolescence, capitalisation rate and comparable market 
transactions adopted by the independent external valuer 
with available market data.
In addition, we evaluated the adequacy of related disclosures in 
the consolidated financial statements.
關鍵審計事項
關鍵審計事項為本行的專業判斷，認為對本
期間綜合財務報表中最重要的事項。該等事
項於本行審計整體綜合財務報表及出具意
見時處理，而本行不會就此等事項單獨發表
意見。


===== PAGE 169 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
168
Independent Auditor’s Report
獨立核數師報告
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
關鍵審計事項 本行於審計時如何處理關鍵審計事項
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止年度，重慶康華眾聯心
血管病醫院有限公司 （ 「康心醫院」 ） 根據中華人民共和國法
律進行分立，據此，已成立  貴公司的全資附屬公司重慶
康華物業，以持有康心醫院經營相關的土地及樓宇。
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，重慶康華物業自康心醫院
轉讓的物業、廠房及設備以及使用權資產的總賬面值為人
民幣 653,631,000元，佔資產總值約 24%。
貴集團管理層認為， 出售康心醫院後， 重慶康華物業的物業、
廠房及設備以及使用權資產產生的未來經濟利益將變得不
確定，並根據獨立外部估值師編製的公平值減出售成本估
值評估重慶康華物業的物業、廠房及設備以及使用權資產
的可收回金額，來進行減值評估。
評估可收回金額涉及重大不可觀察輸入數據，包括重置成
本、陳舊扣減、資本化率假設及可比較市場交易的選擇。
結果易受預期未來市場狀況影響。
會計政策、重大會計判斷及估計以及減值評估的披露計入
綜合財務報表附註 2.4、3、14及 15。
本行評價使用估值計算時所用的方法、 假設及估計， 方式為：
－ 取得及檢查  貴集團所委聘的獨立外聘估值師所編製
及董事對重慶康華物業的物業、廠房及設備以及使用
權資產進行減值評估所依據的估值報告；
－ 評估獨立外聘估值師就所評估物業的資格、經驗及專
業知識，及考慮彼等的客觀性；及
－ 與獨立外聘估值師討論了解其估值中所應用的估值方
法及所採納的關鍵估計及假設，並通過將獨立外部估
值師採納的重大不可觀察輸入數據 （如重置成本、陳
舊扣減、資本化率及可比較市場交易） 與現有市場數
據進行比較，評估其合理性及與行業慣例的一致性。
此外，本行已評估綜合財務報表中相關披露的充分性。
KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued) 關鍵審計事項（續）


===== PAGE 170 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
169
Independent Auditor’s Report
獨立核數師報告
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
關鍵審計事項 本行於審計時如何處理關鍵審計事項
Assessment of recoverable amounts of Kanghua Haemodialysis cash generating unit (“Kanghua Haemodialysis CGU”)
評估康華血液透析現金產生單位 （ 「康華血液透析現金產生單位」 ） 的可收回金額
As at 31 December 2024, the Group had goodwill, property, 
plant and equipment and right-of-use assets allocated to the 
Kanghua Haemodialysis CGU, comprising Dongguan Kanghua 
Haemodialysis Healthcare Investment Management Co., Ltd. 
and its subsidiaries, with an aggregate carrying amount of 
RMB172,161,000, representing approximately 6% of total assets.
The Group’s management performed an annual impairment 
assessment by assessing the recoverable amounts of 
the Kanghua Haemodialysis CGU based on value in use 
calculations, with the assistance from an independent external 
valuer.
Significant judgement was involved in the assessment of the 
recoverable amounts, including the assumptions on budgeted 
revenue, discount rates and growth rates. The outcome is 
sensitive to the expected future market conditions and the 
actual performance of the Kanghua Haemodialysis CGU.
The accounting policies, significant accounting judgements 
and estimates and disclosures for impairment assessments 
are included in notes 2.4, 3 and 16 to the consolidated financial 
statements.
We evaluated the methodologies, assumptions and estimates 
used in the value in use calculations by:
(i) comparing the budgeted revenue and expected growth 
rates with historical results of the Kanghua Haemodialysis 
CGU;
(ii) comparing the discount rates with relevant industry’s 
weighted average cost of capital;
(iii) comparing the long term growth rates to current market 
condition; and
(iv) assessing the sensitivity of management estimates and 
assumptions used in evaluating whether a reasonably 
possible change in assumptions could cause the carrying 
amounts to exceed their recoverable amounts
In addition, we assessed the independence, objectivity and 
competence of the external valuer engaged by management 
and evaluated the adequacy of related disclosures in the 
consolidated financial statements.
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，  貴集團將商譽、物業、廠
房及設備以及使用權資產分配至康華血液透析現金產生單
位 （包括東莞康華血液透析醫療投資管理有限公司及其附
屬公司） ，總賬面值為人民幣172,161,000元，佔資產總值約
6%。
貴集團管理層在獨立外部估值師的協助下透過在計算使用
價值的基礎上評估康華血液透析現金產生單位的可收回金
額，來進行年度減值評估。
在評估可收回金額的過程中涉及重大判斷，包括預算收入、
貼現率及增長率的假設。結果易受預期未來市場狀況及康
華血液透析現金產生單位的實際表現影響。
會計政策、重大會計判斷及估計以及減值評估的披露計入
綜合財務報表附註 2.4、3及 16。
本行評價使用價值計算時所用的方法、 假設及估計， 方式為：
(i) 比較預算收益及預期增長率與康華血液透析現金產生
單位的過往業績；
(ii) 比較貼現率與相關行業的加權平均資本成本；
(iii) 比較長期增長率與現行市況；及
(iv) 評估管理層在評價假設中的合理可能變動是否會導致
賬面值超出其可收回金額時所用的估計及假設的敏感性。
此外，本行已評估管理層委聘的外部估值師的獨立性、客
觀性及能力，並評估綜合財務報表中相關披露的充分性。
KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued) 關鍵審計事項（續）


===== PAGE 171 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
170
Independent Auditor’s Report
獨立核數師報告
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
關鍵審計事項 本行於審計時如何處理關鍵審計事項
Contingent liabilities arising from medical disputes
醫療糾紛引起的或然負債
As at 31 December 2024, the Group had contingent liabilities 
arising from medical disputes of RMB14,292,000 and a 
provision for medical dispute claims of RMB2,885,000.
There are inherent risks associated with the Group’s clinical 
activities which may result in unfavourable medical outcomes 
not caused by clinical decisions. The Group may be subject to 
legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course 
of business, which primarily include medical dispute claims 
brought by the former patients.
Provision for medical dispute claims is made based on the 
status of potential and active claims outstanding at the end of 
the year, and taking into consideration the assessment and 
analysis of external experts and the total claim exposure. 
However, where it is not probable that an outflow of economic 
benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated 
reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, 
unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.
Significant judgements and estimates were involved in the 
assessment of probability of an outflow of economic benefits to 
the medical disputes and its financial impact to the consolidated 
financial statements.
The accounting policies, significant accounting judgements 
and estimates and disclosures for the provision and contingent 
liabilities arising from medical disputes are included in notes 2.4, 
3, 23 and 31 to the consolidated financial statements.
We evaluated management’s assessment in respect of medical 
disputes by:
(i) obtaining an understanding of management’s process 
in developing the estimation on the outflow of economic 
benefits;
(ii) obtaining the list of medical disputes from management 
and arranging litigation search to check for the status of 
the medical disputes and the completeness of the list of 
medical disputes;
(iii) obtaining and reading legal proceeding letters, judicial 
appraisal reports, expert opinion letters, judgement 
letters and medical records, if any, relevant to the medical 
disputes;
(iv) discussing with management and the Group’s legal 
counsel on the estimated outcome of the pending medical 
disputes, with reference to legal precedents of any similar 
cases; and
(v) evaluating the adequacy of the provision and the 
disclosure of contingent liabilities.
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，  貴集團因醫療糾紛引起
的或然負債為人民幣 14,292,000元，醫療糾紛索賠撥備為
人民幣 2,885,000元。
貴集團的臨床活動存在固有風險，可能導致並非臨床決策
引起的不利醫療結果。  貴集團可能會在日常業務過程中
產生的法律訴訟和索賠，主要包括前病人提出的醫療糾紛
索賠。
醫療糾紛索賠撥備是根據該年年底潛在和未了結索賠作出，
並考慮到外部專家的評估和分析以及索賠總額。但是，如
果可能不需要經濟利益流出，或者無法可靠地估計該金額，
則將之披露為或然負債，除非經濟利益流出的可能性極低。
於評估經濟利益流出至醫療糾紛的可能性及其對綜合財務
報表的財務影響過程中涉及重大判斷及估計。
會計政策、重大會計判斷及估計以及醫療糾紛引起的撥
備及或然負債的披露計入綜合財務報表附註 2.4、3、23及
31。
本行已透過以下方式評估管理層對醫療糾紛的評估：
(i) 獲得並了解管理層對經濟利益流出的估計；
(ii) 從管理層獲取醫療糾紛清單，並安排訴訟搜索以檢查
醫療糾紛的狀況及醫療糾紛名單的完整性；
(iii) 獲得和閱讀與醫療糾紛相關的法律程序函件、司法評
估報告、專家意見函件、判決書和醫療記錄 （倘有） ；
(iv) 參照類似案件的先例，與管理層及  貴集團法律顧問
討論尚未了結的醫療糾紛的估計結果；及
(v) 評估或然負債的撥備及披露的充分性。
KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued) 關鍵審計事項（續）


===== PAGE 172 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
171
Independent Auditor’s Report
獨立核數師報告
OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other 
information comprises the information included in the Annual Report, other than 
the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other 
information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our 
responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether 
the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial 
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be 
materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude 
that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to 
report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE 
FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the 
consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance 
with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure 
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal 
control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of 
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible 
for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as 
applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis 
of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease 
operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting 
process.
載入年報的其他信息
貴公司董事需要負責其他信息。其他信息包
括年報所載資料，不包括綜合財務報表及本
行之核數師報告。
本行對綜合財務報表的意見並不涵蓋其他
信息，本行亦不對其他信息發表任何形式的
鑒證結論。
當審計綜合財務報表時，本行的責任為閱讀
其他信息，於此過程中，考慮其他信息是否
與綜合財務報表或本行於審計過程中所了
解的情況有重大抵觸，或者似乎有重大錯誤
陳述。基於本行已執行的工作，倘本行認為
其他信息有重大錯誤陳述，本行須報告該事
實。於此方面，本行沒有任何報告。
董事及審核委員會對綜合財務報表
需承擔的責任  
貴公司董事須負責根據由國際會計準則委
員會頒佈的國際財務報告準則會計準則及
香港公司條例的披露規定編製並真實兼公
允地呈列的綜合財務報表，並為其認為必須
為使綜合財務報表不存在由於欺詐或錯誤
而導致的重大錯誤陳述的內部控制負責。
編製綜合財務報表時，董事負責評估  貴集
團持續經營的能力，並在適用情況下披露與
持續經營有關的事項，以及使用持續經營為
會計基礎，除非董事有意將  貴集團清盤或
停止經營，或別無其他實際的替代方案。
審核委員會負責監督 貴集團財務報告程序。


===== PAGE 173 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
172
Independent Auditor’s Report
獨立核數師報告
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the 
consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report 
that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no 
other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any 
other person for the contents of this report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that 
an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material 
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be 
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional 
judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated 
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform 
audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that 
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of 
not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for 
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to 
design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not 
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s 
internal control.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the 
reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by 
the directors.
核數師就審計綜合財務報表的責任  
本行的目標為合理鑒證整體綜合財務報表
是否不存在由於欺詐或錯誤而導致的任何
重大錯誤陳述，並發出載有本行意見的核數
師報告。本行僅向  閣下 （作為整體） 作出報
告，除此之外本報告別無其他目的。本行不
會就本報告內容向任何其他人士負上或承
擔任何責任。
合理鑒證屬高層次鑒證，但不能擔保根據香
港審計準則進行的審計工作總能發現所有
存在的重大錯誤陳述。錯誤陳述可源於欺詐
或錯誤，倘個別或整體於合理預期情況下可
影響使用者根據綜合財務報表作出的經濟
決定時，則被視為重大錯誤陳述。
根據香港審計準則進行審計時，本行運用專
業判斷，於整個審計過程中抱持專業懷疑態
度。本行亦：
• 識別及評估綜合財務報表由於欺詐或
錯誤而導致的重大錯誤陳述風險，因
應此等風險設計及執行審計程序，獲
得充足及適當審計憑證為本行的意見
提供基礎。由於欺詐涉及合謀串通、
偽造、故意遺漏、誤導性陳述或凌駕
內部控制，因此未能發現由此造成的
重大錯誤陳述風險較未能發現由於錯
誤而導致的重大錯誤陳述風險更高。
• 了解與審計有關的內部控制，以設計
恰當的審計程序，但並非旨在對  貴
集團內部控制的有效程度發表意見。
• 評估所用會計政策是否恰當，以及董
事所作會計估算及相關披露的合理性。


===== PAGE 174 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
173
Independent Auditor’s Report
獨立核數師報告
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern 
basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether 
a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast 
significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If 
we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated 
financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our 
opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to 
the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may 
cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated 
financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the 
consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions 
and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
• Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit 
evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business units 
within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial 
statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of 
the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely 
responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Audit Committee, among other matters, the planned 
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any 
significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied 
with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence and to communicate 
with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought 
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate 
threats or safeguards applied.
核數師就審計綜合財務報表的責任
（續）
• 總結董事採用以持續經營為基礎的會
計法是否恰當，並根據已獲取的審計
憑證，總結是否有對  貴集團持續經
營的能力構成重大疑問的事件或情況
等重大不確定因素。倘本行總結認為
存在重大不確定因素，本行需於核數
師報告中提請注意綜合財務報表內的
相關資料披露，或如果相關披露不足，
則修訂本行的意見。本行的結論以截
至核數師報告日期所獲得的審計憑
證為基礎，惟未來事件或情況可能導
致 貴集團不再具有持續經營的能力。
• 評估綜合財務報表 （包括資料披露） 的
整體列報、架構及內容，以及綜合財
務報表是否已公允反映及列報相關交
易及事項。
• 計劃及執行集團審計，以就  貴集團
內各實體或業務單位的財務資料獲得
充足的審計憑證，作為構成就集團財
務報表意見的基礎。本行須負責指導、
監督及檢討就集團審計而進行的的審
計工作。本行須為審計意見承擔全部
責任。
本行與審核委員會就審計工作的計劃範圍
及時間安排及重大審計發現，包括本行於審
計期間識別出內部控制的任何重大缺陷溝通。
本行亦向審核委員會提交聲明，說明本行已
遵守有關獨立性的道德要求，並就所有被合
理認為可能影響本行的獨立性的關係及其
他事宜，以及在適用的情況下為消除對獨立
性的威脅所採取的行動或防範措施。


===== PAGE 175 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
174
Independent Auditor’s Report
獨立核數師報告
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those 
matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial 
statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We 
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes 
public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we 
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the 
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh 
the public interest benefits of such communication.
The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s 
report is Li Man Chun Jesse.
Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
31 March 2025
Li Man Chun Jesse
Practising certificate number P08302
核數師就審計綜合財務報表的責任
（續）
本行從與審核委員會溝通的事項中，決定哪
些事項對本期綜合財務報表的審計工作最
為重要，因而構成關鍵審計事項。除非法律
或法規不容許公開披露此等事項，或於極罕
有的情況下，本行認為披露此等事項可合理
預期的不良後果將超越公眾知悉此等事項
的利益而不應於報告中披露，否則本行會於
核數師報告中描述此等事項。
出具本獨立核數師報告的審計項目董事是
李文進。
天職香港會計師事務所有限公司
執業會計師
香港
二零二五年三月三十一日
李文進
執業證書編號 P08302


===== PAGE 176 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
175
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income 
綜合損益及其他全面收益表
Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
Notes RMB’000 RMB’000
附註 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Revenue 收益 5 2,055,670 2,041,858
Cost of revenue 收益成本 (1,733,797) (1,677,488)
Gross profit 毛利 321,873 364,370
Other income 其他收入 5 53,521 46,279
Other expenses, gains and losses, net 其他開支、收益及虧損淨額 6 (7,333) (6)
Net provision for impairment losses under the 
expected credit loss model
預期信貸虧損模式項下之  
減值虧損撥備淨額 (4,277) (2,768)
Administrative expenses 行政開支 (277,102) (242,391)
Finance costs 融資成本 7 (23,627) (12,055)
Profit before taxation 除稅前溢利 8 63,055 153,429
Income tax expense 所得稅開支 11 (52,582) (62,406)
Profit and total comprehensive income for the year 本年度溢利及全面收入總額 10,473 91,023
Profit/(loss) and total comprehensive income/(loss) 
for the year attributable to:
下列各項應佔本年度溢利╱
（虧損） 及全面收入╱ 
（虧損） 總額：
Owners of the Company 本公司擁有人 15,337 121,062
Non-controlling interests 非控股權益 (4,864) (30,039)
10,473 91,023
RMB cents
人民幣分
RMB cents
人民幣分
Earnings per share  
Basic
每股盈利  
基本 13 4.6 36.2
Diluted 攤薄 13 4.6 36.2


===== PAGE 177 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
176
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
綜合財務狀況表
31 December 2024
ɚཧɚ̬ϋɤɚ˜ɧɤɓ˚
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
Notes RMB’000 RMB’000
附註 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
NON-CURRENT ASSETS 非流動資產
Property, plant and equipment 物業、廠房及設備 14 1,143,686 1,128,116
Right-of-use assets 使用權資產 15(a) 280,147 284,265
Goodwill 商譽 16 143,325 29,101
Other asset 其他資產 20 – 18,417
Deposits paid for acquisition of property,  
plant and equipment
收購物業、廠房及  
設備已付按金 29,506 36,181
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 按公平值計入損益的  
金融資產 21 24,000 33,400
Deferred tax assets 遞延稅項資產 26 10,390 –
Total non-current assets 非流動資產總值 1,631,054 1,529,480
CURRENT ASSETS 流動資產
Inventories 存貨 18 66,441 71,975
Accounts and other receivables 應收賬款及其他應收款項 19 312,537 302,278
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 按公平值計入損益的  
金融資產 21 370,000 350,000
Restricted bank balances 受限制銀行結餘 22 3,088 2,732
Fixed bank deposits 定期銀行存款 22 65,800 63,350
Bank balances and cash 銀行結餘及現金 22 242,604 305,171
1,060,470 1,095,506
Assets classified as held for sale 分類為持作出售之資產 17 50,011 –
Total current assets 流動資產總值 1,110,481 1,095,506
CURRENT LIABILITIES 流動負債
Accounts and other payables and provision 應付賬款及其他應付款項  
以及撥備 23 758,754 660,322
Bank loans – due within one year 銀行貸款－一年內到期 25 4,000 31,090
Lease liabilities 租賃負債 15(b) 61,257 47,212
Tax payables 應付稅項 26,386 28,075
850,397 766,699
Liabilities associated with assets classified as 
held for sale
與分類為持作出售之資產  
相關的負債 17 23,181 –
Total current liabilities 流動負債總額 873,578 766,699
NET CURRENT ASSETS 流動資產淨值 236,903 328,807
TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES 總資產減流動負債 1,867,957 1,858,287


===== PAGE 178 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
177
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
綜合財務狀況表
31 December 2024
ɚཧɚ̬ϋɤɚ˜ɧɤɓ˚
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
Notes RMB’000 RMB’000
附註 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 非流動負債
Amount due to a non-controlling shareholder  
of a subsidiary
應付一間附屬公司的非控股
股東款項 24 134,248 –
Bank loans – due after one year 銀行貸款－一年後到期 25 225,067 287,735
Lease liabilities 租賃負債 15(b) 30,332 60,545
Deferred tax liabilities 遞延稅項負債 26 15,963 12,480
Total non-current liabilities 非流動負債總額 405,610 360,760
NET ASSETS 資產淨值 1,462,347 1,497,527
EQUITY 權益
Share capital 股本 27 334,394 334,394
Reserves 儲備 28 1,105,128 1,089,791
Equity attributable to owners of the Company 本公司擁有人應佔權益 1,439,522 1,424,185
Non-controlling interests 非控股權益 22,825 73,342
TOTAL EQUITY 權益總額 1,462,347 1,497,527
The consolidated financial statements on page 175 to 292 were approved and 
authorised for issue by the board of directors on 31 March 2025 and are signed 
on its behalf by:
Wang Junyang Wong Wai Hung
王君揚 王偉雄
Director Director
董事 董事
第 175 至 292 頁的綜合財務報表已於二零
二五年三月三十一日獲董事會批准及授權
刊發，並經下列代表簽署：


===== PAGE 179 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
178
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
綜合權益變動表
Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
Attributable to owners of the Company
本公司擁有人應佔
Share 
capital
Share 
premium
Capital 
reserve
Statutory 
reserve
Other 
reserve
Retained 
earnings Sub-total
Non- 
controlling 
interests Total
股本 股份溢價 資本儲備 法定儲備 其他儲備 保留盈利 小計 非控股權益 總計
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
(note 28) (note 28) (note 28) (note 28)
（附註 28） （附註 28） （附註 28） （附註 28）
At 1 January 2023 (restated) 於二零二三年一月一日
（經重列） 334,394 698,214 53,394 141,413 1,477 270,115 1,499,007 15,521 1,514,528
Profit/(loss) and total 
comprehensive income/ 
(loss) for the year
年內溢利╱ （虧損） 及 
全面收入╱ （虧損） 
總額 – – – – – 121,062 121,062 (30,039) 91,023
Acquisition of additional interests 
in subsidiaries (note 35)
收購附屬公司額外權益  
（附註 35） – – – – (195,884) – (195,884) 87,827 (108,057)
Appropriation to statutory reserve 提取法定儲備 – – – 42,920 – (42,920) – – –
Capital contribution from  
non-controlling shareholders
非控股股東注資
– – – – – – – 33 33
At 31 December 2023 and  
at 1 January 2024
於二零二三年十二月
三十一日及於  
二零二四年一月一日 334,394 698,214 53,394 184,333 (194,407) 348,257 1,424,185 73,342 1,497,527
Profit/(loss) and total 
comprehensive income/ 
(loss) for the year
年內溢利╱ （虧損） 及 
全面收入╱ （虧損） 
總額 – – – – – 15,337 15,337 (4,864) 10,473
Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 35) 收購附屬公司 （附註35） – – – – – – – (45,653) (45,653)
Appropriation to statutory reserve 提取法定儲備 – – – 18,190 – (18,190) – – –
At 31 December 2024 於二零二四年十二月
三十一日 334,394 698,214 53,394 202,523 (194,407) 345,404 1,439,522 22,825 1,462,347


===== PAGE 180 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
179
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
綜合現金流量表
Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
Notes RMB’000 RMB’000
附註 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 經營活動所得現金流量
Profit before taxation 除稅前溢利 63,055 153,429
Adjustments for: 就以下項目所作調整：
Net provision for impairment losses under the 
expected credit loss model
預期信貸虧損模式項下之  
減值虧損撥備淨額 4,277 2,768
Bank and other interest income 銀行及其他利息收入 5 (6,000) (4,918)
Investment income from financial assets at fair 
value through profit or loss
按公平值計入損益的  
金融資產的投資收入 5 (7,797) (12,092)
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 物業、廠房及設備折舊 8 106,683 106,914
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 使用權資產折舊 8 43,172 36,165
Fair value loss on financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss
按公平值計入損益的  
金融資產的公平值虧損 6 9,400 882
Loss on disposals of property,  
plant and equipment
出售物業、廠房及  
設備的虧損 6 350 190
Finance costs 融資成本 7 23,627 12,055
Unrealised foreign exchange (gain)/loss 未變現外匯 （收益） ╱虧損 (2,307) 2,722
Gain on early termination of lease contract 提前終止租賃合約之收益 (32) –
Provision for medical dispute claims,  
net of reversal
醫療糾紛索償撥備，  
扣除撥備 23 7,470 3,129
Amortisation of other asset 其他資產攤銷 20 1,000 1,000
242,898 302,244
Decrease in inventories 存貨減少 4,571 14,771
Increase in accounts and other receivables 應收賬款及其他應收款項  
增加 (13,574) (16,163)
Increase/(decrease) in accounts and  
other payables and provision
應付賬款及其他  
應付款項及撥備  
增加╱ （減少） 99,303 (44,590)
Cash generated from operations 經營所得現金 333,198 256,262
People’s Republic of China Enterprise  
Income Tax paid
已付中華人民共和國  
企業所得稅 (53,066) (51,844)
Hong Kong Profits Tax paid 已付香港利得稅 – (223)
Net cash flows from operating activities 經營活動所得現金流量淨額 280,132 204,195


===== PAGE 181 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
180
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
綜合現金流量表
Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
Notes RMB’000 RMB’000
附註 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 投資活動所得現金流量
Purchases of property, plant and equipment 購買物業、廠房及設備 (65,431) (98,257)
Payments for leasehold land 租賃土地付款 15(a) (272) –
Purchases of financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss
購買按公平值計入損益的  
金融資產 (750,000) (868,000)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair 
value through profit or loss
出售按公平值計入損益的  
金融資產所得款項 730,000 1,055,549
Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and 
equipment
收購物業、廠房及設備  
已付按金 (21,281) (32,628)
Placement of fixed bank deposits 存置定期銀行存款 (257,530) (191,138)
Withdrawal of fixed bank deposits 提取定期銀行存款 257,530 125,758
Placement of restricted bank balances 存放受限制銀行結餘 (709,165) (861,509)
Withdrawal of restricted bank balances 提取受限制銀行結餘 708,809 861,056
Investment income received from financial assets  
at fair value through profit or loss
按公平值計入損益的  
金融資產收取的投資收入 5 7,797 12,092
Interest received 已收利息 5 6,000 4,918
Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and 
equipment
出售物業、廠房及設備所得
款項 80 159
Acquisition of additional interests in subsidiaries 收購附屬公司額外權益 35 – (108,057)
Net cash inflow on acquisition of subsidiaries 收購一間附屬公司
現金流入淨額 35 6,132 –
Capital contribution from non-controlling interests 非控股權益注資 – 33
Deposits paid for acquisition of subsidiaries 收購附屬公司已付按金 35 – (7,700)
Net cash used in investing activities 投資活動所用現金淨額 (87,331) (107,724)
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 融資活動所得現金流量
New bank loans raised 已籌集的新銀行貸款 181,917 68,248
Advances from immediate holding company 直接控股公司的墊款 177,000 –
Repayment to immediate holding company 還款予直接控股公司 (177,000) –
Advances from non-controlling shareholders of 
subsidiaries
附屬公司的非控股股東墊款
– 28,902
Repayments to non-controlling shareholders of 
subsidiaries
還款予附屬公司的  
非控股股東 (75,100) (55,763)
Principal portion of lease payments 租賃付款本金部分 (54,918) (41,742)
Interest paid 已付利息 (20,249) (22,206)
Repayment of bank loans 還款予銀行貸款 (283,355) (33,002)
Net cash flows used in financing activities 融資活動所用現金流量淨額 (251,705) (55,563)
NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND  
CASH EQUIVALENTS
現金及現金等價物 （減少） ╱
增加淨額 (58,904) 40,908
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 於年初的現金及現金等價物 305,171 264,337
Cash and cash equivalents included in disposal 
group classified as held for sale
計入分類為持作出售的  
出售組別的現金及  
現金等價物 17 (3,520) –
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net 匯率變動影響淨額 (143) (74)
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR, 
REPRESENTING BANK BALANCES AND CASH
於年末的現金及現金等  
價物，即銀行結餘及現金 22 242,604 305,171


===== PAGE 182 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
181
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司  Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare 
Group Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Co., 
Ltd.) (the “Company”) was established as a limited liability company in 
the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) and its overseas listed ordinary 
shares (the “H Shares”) are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange 
of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”). In the opinion 
of the directors of the Company, the Company’s immediate and ultimate 
holding company is 東莞市康華投資集團有限公司  (Dongguan Kanghua 
Investment Group Co., Ltd.) (“Kanghua Group”), a limited liability company 
established in the PRC. The addresses of the registered office and principal 
place of business in Hong Kong of the Company are disclosed in the 
corporate information section to the annual report.
The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”)
are principally engaged in the provision of hospital services, provision of 
rehabilitation and other healthcare services, provision of haemodialysis 
service and provision of elderly healthcare services in the PRC. Details of the 
Company’s subsidiaries are set out in note 41 to the consolidated financial 
statements.
2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance 
with IFRS Accounting Standards, issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (the “IASB”) and include applicable disclosures required by 
the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong 
Kong Limited (“Listing Rules“) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong 
Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared on a historical cost 
convention, except for certain financial assets that are measured at fair 
value. These consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi 
(RMB) and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand (RMB’000), 
except when otherwise indicated.
Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements 
of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024. A subsidiary is an 
entity (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the 
Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to 
variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to 
affect those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights 
that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the 
investee).
1. 公司及集團資料
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 （前
稱廣東康華醫療股份有限公司） （ 「本公
司」 ） 在中華人民共和國 （ 「中國」 ） 成立
為一間有限責任公司及其境外上市普
通 股 （「H股」 ） 在香港聯合交易所有限
公司 （ 「香港聯交所」 ） 主板上市。本公
司董事認為，本公司的直接及最終控
股公司為東莞市康華投資集團有限公
司 （ 「康華集團」 ，一間於中國成立的有
限責任公司） 。本公司註冊辦事處及香
港主要營業地點地址披露於年報 「公司
資料」 一節。
本公司及其附屬公司 （統稱 「本集團」 ）
主要在中國從事提供醫院服務、提供
康復及其他醫療服務、提供血液透析
服務及提供老年護理服務。本公司附
屬公司詳情載於綜合財務報表附註 41。
2.1 編製基準
該等綜合財務報表已根據由國際會計
準則委員會 （ 「國際會計準則委員會」 ）
頒佈的國際財務報告準則會計準則及
包括香港聯合交易所有限公司證券上
市規則 （ 「上市規則」 ） 規定的適用披露
及香港公司條例之披露規定編製。該
等財務報表採用歷史成本常規法編製，
惟若干按公平值計量的金融資產則除
外。該等綜合財務報表以人民幣 （ 「人
民幣」 ） 呈列，除另有說明者外，所有
價值均四捨五入至最近的千位數 （ 「人
民幣千元」 ） 。
綜合入賬基準
綜合財務報表包括本集團於截至二零
二四年十二月三十一日止年度之財務
報表。附屬公司為本公司直接或間接
控制之實體 （包括結構性實體） 。倘本
集團承擔或享有參與投資對象業務所
得之可變回報的風險或權利，並能透
過其對該投資對象的權力 （即賦予本集
團現有能力主導投資對象相關活動之
既存權利） 影響該等回報，即本集團具
有控制權。


===== PAGE 183 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
182
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
Basis of consolidation (Continued)
Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results 
in control. When the Company has less than a majority of the voting or 
similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and 
circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, 
including:
(a) the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the 
investee;
(b) rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
(c) the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.
The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same 
reporting period as the Company, using consistent accounting policies. The 
results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group 
obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such 
control ceases.
Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income 
are attributed to the owners of the parent of the Group and to the non-
controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests 
having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, 
income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between 
members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.
The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and 
circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three 
elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest 
of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity 
transaction.
If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related 
assets (including goodwill), liabilities and any non-controlling interest; and 
recognises fair value of any investment retained and any resulting surplus 
or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously 
recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or 
retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if 
the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.
2.1 編製基準（續）
綜合入賬基準（續）
於一般情況下均存在多數投票權形成
控制權之推定。倘本公司擁有少於投
資對象大多數投票或類似權利，則本
集團於評估其是否擁有對投資對象的
權力時會考慮一切相關事實及情況，
包括：
(a) 與投資對象其他投票持有人的合
約安排；
(b) 其他合約安排所產生的權利；及
(c) 本集團的投票權及潛在投票權。
附屬公司與本公司財務報表的報告期
間相同，並採用一致會計政策編製。
附屬公司業績自本集團取得控制權之
日起綜合入賬，並持續綜合入賬直至
該控制權終止為止。
損益及其他全面收益各部分乃歸屬於
本集團母公司擁有人及非控股權益，
即使這會使非控股權益產生虧損結餘。
所有集團內公司間資產及負債、權益、
收入、開支及有關本集團成員公司之
間交易的現金流量均於綜合入賬時悉
數對銷。
倘有事實及情況顯示上文所述三項控
制權要素有一項或以上出現變動，則
本集團會重新評估其是否對投資對象
擁有控制權。一間附屬公司之所有權
權益變動在並未失去控制權的情況下
按權益交易入賬。
倘本集團失去對一間附屬公司之控制
權，則其取消確認相關資產 （包括商
譽） 、負債及任何非控股權益；並確認
所保留任何投資之公平值及損益中任
何因此產生之盈餘或虧絀。先前於其
他全面收益確認之本集團分佔部分重
新分類為損益或保留溢利 （倘適當） ，
倘本集團已直接出售相關資產或負債，
則須遵照相同標準。


===== PAGE 184 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
183
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
The Group has adopted the following amendments to IFRS Accounting 
Standards for the first time for the current year’s financial statements.
Amendments to IFRS 16 Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
國際財務報告準則第 16號修訂本 售後租回的租賃負債
Amendments to IAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (the “2020 
Amendments”)
國際會計準則第 1號修訂本 將負債分類為流動或非流動 （ 「二零二零年修訂」 ）
Amendments to IAS 1 Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)
國際會計準則第 1號修訂本 附帶契諾的非流動負債 （ 「二零二二年修訂」 ）
Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 Supplier Finance Arrangements
國際會計準則第 7號及國際財務報告準則第 7號修訂本 供應商融資安排
The nature of the impact of the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards 
that are applicable to the Group are described below:
(a) The 2020 Amendments provide clarification and additional guidance 
on the assessment of right to defer settlement for at least twelve 
months from reporting date for classification of liabilities as current or 
non-current, which:
• specify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-
current should be based on rights that are in existence at the 
end of the reporting period. Specifically, the classification should 
not be affected by management intentions or expectations to 
settle the liability within 12 months.
• clarify that the settlement of a liability can be a transfer of cash, 
goods or services, or the entity's own equity instruments to the 
counterparty. If a liability has terms that could, at the option 
of the counterparty, result in its settlement by the transfer of 
the entity's own equity instruments, these terms do not affect 
its classification as current or non-current only if the entity 
recognises the option separately as an equity instrument 
applying IAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation.
2.2 會計政策及披露之變動
本集團於本年度財務報表首次採納下
列國際財務報告準則會計準則修訂本。
適用於本集團的國際財務報告準則會
計準則修訂本的性質及影響載述如下：
(a) 二零二零年修訂本就評估由報告
日期起最少十二個月之遞延結付
權利以分類負債為流動或非流動
作出澄清並提供額外指引， 其中：
• 訂明負債應基於報告期末
存在的權利分類為流動或
非流動。具體而言，分類
不應由管理層於十二個月
內結付負債之意向或預期
所影響。
• 澄清負債結付可為向交易
對手方轉讓現金、貨物或
服務，或實體自有股權工
具。倘負債具有條款，可
於交易對手方選擇下導致
透過轉讓實體自有權益工
具結付，僅當實體應用國
際會計準則第 32號 「金融工
具：呈列」 個別確認該選擇
權為權益工具時，該等條
款不影響其分類為流動或
非流動。


===== PAGE 185 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
184
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES 
(Continued)
(a) (Continued)
For rights to defer settlement for at least twelve months from reporting 
date which are conditional on the compliance with covenants, the 
2022 Amendments specifically clarify that only covenants that an 
entity is required to comply with on or before the end of the reporting 
period affect the entity’s right to defer settlement of a liability for at 
least twelve months after the reporting date, even if compliance with 
the covenant is assessed only after the reporting date. The 2022 
Amendments also specify that covenants with which an entity must 
comply after the reporting date (i.e. future covenants) do not affect the 
classification of a liability as current or non-current at the reporting 
date. However, if the entity’s right to defer settlement of a liability is 
subject to the entity complying with covenants within twelve months 
after the reporting period, an entity discloses information that enables 
users of financial statements to understand the risk of the liabilities 
becoming repayable within twelve months after the reporting period. 
This would include information about the covenants, the carrying 
amount of related liabilities and facts and circumstances, if any, 
that indicate that the entity may have difficulties complying with the 
covenants.
In accordance with the transition provision, the Group has applied 
the new accounting policy to the classification of liability as current 
or non-current retrospectively. The application of the amendments in 
the current year had no material impact on the consolidated financial 
statements.
2.2 會計政策及披露之變動（續）
(a) （續）
二零二二年修訂明確釐清有關將
結算日期推遲至少十二個月的權
利 （以遵守契諾為條件） ，實體須
於報告期末或之前遵守的契諾會
影響實體延期負債結付至報告日
期後至少十二個月的權利。二零
二二年修訂亦訂明，實體在報告
日期後必須遵守的契約 （即未來
契約） 不會影響於報告日期負債
為流動或非流動的分類。然而，
如果實體延期結付負債的權利
取決於實體在報告日期後十二個
月內是否遵守承諾，則實體應披
露相關資料，以使財務報表使用
者能夠了解該負債在報告日期後
十二個月內償還之風險。此將包
括有關契約、相關負債的賬面價
值以及表明實體可能難以遵守契
約的事實和情況 （如有） 。
根據過渡規定，本集團對負債分
類為流動或非流動追溯應用新會
計政策。於本年度期間應用修訂
本對綜合財務報表並無重大影響。


===== PAGE 186 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
185
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.3 已頒佈但尚未生效之國際財務
報告準則會計準則
本集團並無於該等財務報表中應用下
列已頒佈但尚未生效的新訂國際財務
報告準則會計準則及其修訂本。本集
團擬於該等新訂國際財務報告準則會
計準則及修訂本生效時應用 （倘適用） 。
1 於待定日期或之後開始的年度期間
生效。
2 於二零二五年一月一日或之後開始
的年度期間生效。
3 於二零二六年一月一日或之後開始
的年度期間生效。
4 於二零二七年一月一日或之後開始
的年度期間生效。
 
2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE IFRS ACCOUNTING 
STANDARDS
The Group has not applied the following new and amendments of IFRS 
Accounting Standards, that have been issued but are not yet effective, in 
these financial statements. The Group intends to apply these new and 
amendments of IFRS Accounting Standards, if applicable, when they 
become effective.
Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial 
Instruments3
國際財務報告準則第 9號及 
國際財務報告準則第 7號修訂本
金融工具分類及計量準則修訂本 3
Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity3
國際財務報告準則第 9號及 
國際財務報告準則第 7號修訂本
涉及依賴自然能源生產電力之合約 3
Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate 
or Joint Venture1
國際財務報告準則第 10號及 
國際會計準則第 28號修訂本
投資者與其聯營企業或合營企業的資產出售或注資 1
Amendments to IAS 21 Lack of Exchangeability2
國際會計準則第 21號修訂本 缺乏可兌換性 2
IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements4
國際財務報告準則第 18號 財務報表之呈列及披露 4
1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.
3 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
4 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


===== PAGE 187 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
186
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE IFRS ACCOUNTING 
STANDARDS (Continued)
Further information about those IFRS Accounting Standards that are 
expected to be applicable to the Group is described below.
(a) The amendments to IFRS 9 clarify the recognition and derecognition 
for financial asset and financial liability and add an exception which 
permits an entity to deem a financial liability to be discharged before 
the settlement date if it is settled in cash using an electronic payment 
system if, and only if certain conditions are met.
The amendments also provide guidance on the assessment of 
whether the contractual cash flows of a financial asset are consistent 
with a basic lending arrangement. The amendments specify that 
an entity should focus on what an entity is being compensated for 
rather than the compensation amount. Contractual cash flows are 
inconsistent with a basic lending arrangement if they are indexed to a 
variable that is not a basic lending risk or cost. The amendments state 
that, in some cases, a contingent feature may give rise to contractual 
cash flows that are consistent with a basic lending arrangement both 
before and after the change in contractual cash flows, but the nature 
of the contingent event itself does not relate directly to changes in 
basic lending risks and costs. Furthermore, the description of the term 
“non-recourse” is enhanced and the characteristics of “contractually 
linked instruments” are clarified in the amendments.
The disclosure requirements in IFRS 7 in respect of investments 
in equity instruments designated at fair value through other 
comprehensive income are amended. In particular, entities are 
required to disclose the fair value gain or loss presented in other 
comprehensive income during the period, showing separately those 
related to investments derecognised during the reporting period and 
those related to investments held at the end of the reporting period. 
An entity is also required to disclose any transfers of the cumulative 
gain or loss within equity related to the investments derecognised 
during the reporting period. In addition, the amendments introduce 
the requirements of qualitative and quantitative disclosure of 
contractual terms that could affect the contractual cash flow based 
on a contingent even not directly relating to basic lending risks and 
cost.
2.3 已頒佈但尚未生效之國際財務
報告準則會計準則（續）
有關預期將適用於本集團的國際財務
報告準則會計準則的進一步資料載述
如下。
(a) 國際財務報告準則第 9號之修訂
本釐清金融資產及金融負債之確
認及終止確認，並增加一項例外
情況，即當且僅當符合若干條件
時，允許實體可將使用電子付款
系統以現金結付之金融負債視為
於結算日期之前償付。
該等修訂本亦就評估金融資產之
合約現金流量是否與基本借貸安
排相一致提供指引。該等修訂本
訂明，實體應當專注於獲得補償
的實體而非補償金額。若合約現
金流量與並非基本借貸風險或成
本的變量掛鈎，則其與基本借貸
安排不一致。該等修訂本規定，
於若干情況下，或然特征可能於
合約現金流量變動之前及之後引
致與基本貸款安排一致之合約現
金流量，惟或然事件本身之性質
與基本借貸風險及成本之變化並
不直接相關。此外，該等修訂本
中加強對 「無追索權」 一詞之描述
以及釐清 「合約相關工具」 之特點。
國際財務報告準則第 7號有關指
定為透過其他全面收益按公平值
列賬之權益工具之投資之披露規
定已予修訂。特別是，實體須披
露於期內其他全面收益內呈列之
公平值收益或虧損，分別列示與
於報告期內已終止確認之投資相
關者以及與於報告期末持有之投
資相關者。實體亦須披露於報告
期內已終止確認投資相關之權益
內累計收益或虧損之任何轉撥。
此外，該等修訂本引進對可能影
響基於或然因素 （即使與基本借
貸風險及成本不直接相關） 之合
約現金流量之合約條款進行定性
及定量披露之要求。


===== PAGE 188 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
187
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE IFRS ACCOUNTING 
STANDARDS (Continued)
(a) (Continued)
The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning 
on or after 1 January 2026, with early application permitted. The 
application of the amendments is not expected to have significant 
impact on the financial position and performance of the Group.
(b) IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which 
sets out requirements on presentation and disclosures in financial 
statements, will replace IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. 
This new IFRS Accounting Standard, while carrying forward many of 
the requirements in IAS 1, introduces new requirements to present 
specified categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit 
or loss; provide disclosures on management-defined performance 
measures in the notes to the financial statements and improve 
aggregation and disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the 
financial statements. In addition, some IAS 1 paragraphs have been 
moved to IAS 8 and IFRS 7. Minor amendments to IAS 7 Statement of 
Cash Flows and IAS 33 Earnings per Share are also made.
IFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for 
annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027, with early 
application permitted. The application of the new standard is 
expected to affect the presentation of the statement of profit or loss 
and disclosures in the future financial statements. The Group is in the 
process of assessing the detailed impact of IFRS 18 on the Group’s 
consolidated financial statements.
2.3 已頒佈但尚未生效之國際財務
報告準則會計準則（續）
(a) （續）
該等修訂本於二零二六年一月一
日或之後開始之年度報告期間生
效，並允許提早應用。應用該等
修訂本預期不會對本集團之財務
狀況及表現產生重大影響。
(b) 國際財務報告準則第 18號「 財 務
報表之呈列及披露」 載列對財務
報表中之呈列及披露要求，將取
代國際會計準則第 1號 「財務報表
之呈列」 。本新訂國際財務報告
準則會計準則，於延續國際會計
準則第1 號眾多要求同時，引入
於損益表中呈列指定類別及定義
小計的新要求；於財務報表附註
中提供管理層定義的表現計量之
披露，並改善財務報表中將予披
露之合併及分類資料。此外，國
際會計準則第 1號之部份段落已
移至國際會計準則第 8號及國際
財務報告準則第 7號。對國際會
計準則第 7號 「現金流量表」 及國
際會計準則第 33 號 「每股盈利」
亦作出細微修訂。
國際財務報告準則第 18號及其他
準則之修訂本將於二零二七年一
月一日或之後開始之年度期間生
效，並允許提早應用。應用新準
則預期將會影響損益表之呈列以
及未來財務報表之披露。本集團
正在評估國際財務報告準則第 18
號對本集團綜合財務報表之詳細
影響。


===== PAGE 189 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
188
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Business combinations and goodwill
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The 
consideration transferred in a business combination shall be measured 
at acquisition date fair value, which shall be calculated as the sum of the 
acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, the 
liabilities assumed by the acquirer to the former owners of the acquiree 
and the equity interests issued by the acquirer in exchange for control of 
the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to 
measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at the 
proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Acquisition-
related costs are expensed as incurred and included in administrative 
expenses.
The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired 
set of activities and assets include an input and a substantive process that 
together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.
When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets 
and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification and designation 
in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and 
pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation 
of embedded derivatives in host contracts by the acquiree.
Goodwill is initially measured at cost (being the excess of the aggregate 
of the consideration transferred and the amount recognised for non-
controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s previous interest held 
over the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the fair 
value of the net assets acquired is in excess of the aggregate consideration 
transferred, the Group re-assesses whether it has correctly identified 
all of the assets acquired and all of the liabilities assumed and reviews 
the procedures used to measure the amounts to be recognised at the 
acquisition date. If the reassessment still results in an excess of the fair 
value of net assets acquired over the aggregate consideration transferred, 
then the gain on bargain purchase is recognised in profit or loss.
2.4 重大會計政策
業務合併及商譽
業務合併採用收購法入賬。於業務合
併時所轉讓代價須按於收購日期之公
平值計量，其公平值乃按本集團所轉
讓資產於收購日期之公平值、收購方
向被收購方前擁有人所承擔之負債，
以及收購方為換取被收購方的控制權
而所發行股本權益之綜合計算得出。
就各項業務合併而言，本集團選擇是
否按公平值或所佔被收購方可識別資
產淨值的比例份額，計量於被收購方
的非控股權益。收購相關成本於產生
時列為開支，並計入行政開支內。
當已收購一組活動及資產包括一項資
源投入及一項實質過程，而兩者必須
對創造產出的能力有重大貢獻，則本
集團釐定其已收購一項業務。
本集團收購一項業務時，會根據於收
購日期的合約條款、經濟情況及相關
條件，評估金融資產及負債以進行適
當的分類及指派。此舉包括分拆被收
購方訂立的主合約中的內嵌衍生產品。
商譽初步按成本計量 （即所轉讓的代
價、非控股權益已確認金額及任何本
集團先前持有的權益公平值的總額，
超出所收購及所承擔的可識別資產及
負債之差額） 。倘所收購資產淨值的公
平值超出所轉讓總代價，本集團會重
新評估其是否已正確識別全部所收購
資產及全部所承擔負債，並審閱用於
計量將於收購日期確認的金額的程序。
倘重新評估的結果仍為所收購資產淨
值的公平值超出所轉讓總代價，則議
價收購收益隨後於損益確認。


===== PAGE 190 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
189
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Business combinations and goodwill (Continued)
After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated 
impairment losses. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more 
frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying 
value may be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test 
of goodwill as at 31 December. For the purpose of impairment testing, 
goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, 
allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or groups 
of CGUs, that are expected to benefit from the combination, irrespective 
of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those 
units.
Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the 
CGU (group of CGUs) to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable 
amount of the CGU (group of CGUs) is less than the carrying amount, an 
impairment loss is recognised. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill 
is not reversed in a subsequent period.
Where goodwill has been allocated to a CGU (or group of CGUs) and part 
of the operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated 
with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of 
the operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal. Goodwill 
disposed of in these circumstances is measured based on the relative 
values of the operation disposed of and the portion of the CGU retained.
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
業務合併及商譽（續）
於初步確認後，商譽按成本減任何累
計減值虧損計量。商譽須每年作減值
測試，若有事件發生或情況改變顯示
賬面值有可能減值時，則會更頻密地
進行測試。 本集團於十二月三十一日
進行商譽的年度減值測試。為進行減
值檢測，無論被收購方之其他資產或
負債是否已分配至現金產生單位 （ 「現
金產生單位」 ） 或一組現金產生單位，
因業務合併而購入的商譽自收購日期
起被分配至預期可從合併產生的協同
效益中獲益的本集團各現金產生單位。
減值乃透過評估有關商譽的現金產生
單位 （現金產生單位組別） 可收回款項
釐定。倘若現金產生單位 （現金產生單
位組別） 的可收回款項少於賬面值，則
確認減值虧損。就商譽確認的減值虧
損其後期間不會撥回。
倘商譽分配至現金產生單位 （或一組現
金產生單位） 及單位已出售之部分業
務，則於釐定出售盈虧時，將售出業
務有關的商譽計入業務賬面值。在此
情況下出售的商譽，乃按售出業務與
所保留現金產生單位部分的相對價值
計量。


===== PAGE 191 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
190
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Fair value measurement
The Group measures certain of its financial assets at fair value at the end 
of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to 
sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between 
market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement 
is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer 
the liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, 
or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market 
for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market 
must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is 
measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when 
pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their 
economic best interest.
A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a 
market participant’s ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset 
in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that 
would use the asset in its highest and best use.
The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the 
circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair 
value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the 
use of unobservable inputs.
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
公平值計量
本集團於各報告期末計量其若干按公
平值計量的金融資產。公平值乃在市
場參與者於計量日期進行的有序交易
中出售資產所收取或轉移負債所支付
的價格。公平值計量乃基於假設出售
資產或轉移負債的交易於資產或負債
的主要市場進行或於未有主要市場的
情況下，則於資產或負債的最有利市
場進行。主要或最有利市場須為本集
團可進入的市場。資產或負債的公平
值乃基於市場參與者為資產或負債定
價所用的假設計量 （假設市場參與者依
照彼等的最佳經濟利益行事） 。
非金融資產公平值的計量則參考市場
參與者可透過以其最高及最佳效用使
用該資產，或把該資產售予另一可以
其最高及最佳效用使用該資產的市場
參與者產生經濟效益的能力。
本集團使用適用於有關情況的估值技
術，而其有足夠數據計量公平值，以
盡量利用相關可觀察輸入數據及盡量
減少使用不可觀察輸入數據。


===== PAGE 192 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
191
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Fair value measurement (Continued)
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in 
the consolidated financial statements are categorised within the fair value 
hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is 
significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:
• Level 1 – based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for 
identical assets or liabilities
• Level 2 – based on the valuation techniques for which the lowest level 
input that is significant to the fair value measurement is observable, 
either directly or indirectly
• Level 3 – based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level 
input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable
For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the consolidated financial 
statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether 
transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing 
categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair 
value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.
Impairment of non-financial assets
Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment 
testing for an asset is required (other than inventories, deferred tax assets, 
financial assets and a disposal group classified as held for sale), the asset’s 
recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the 
higher of the asset’s or CGU’s value in use and its fair value less costs of 
disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does 
not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from 
other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount 
is determined for the CGU to which the asset belongs. In testing a CGU 
for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset is 
allocated to an individual CGU if it can be allocated on a reasonable and 
consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of CGUs.
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
公平值計量（續）
於綜合財務報表中計量或披露公平值
的所有資產及負債，均根據對公平值
計量整體而言屬重大的最低級別輸入
數據在下述公平值層級內進行分類：
• 第一級－基於相同資產或負債於
活躍市場的所報價格 （未經調整）
• 第二級－基於估值技術，其中對
公平值計量而言屬重大的最低級
別輸入數據為可直接或間接觀察
• 第三級－基於估值技術，其中對
公平值計量而言屬重大的最低級
別輸入數據為不可觀察
就於綜合財務報表中確認的經常性資
產及負債而言，本集團於各報告期末
透過重新評估分類確定各層級之間是
否發生轉移 （根據對公平值計量整體而
言屬重大的最低級別輸入數據） 。
非金融資產減值
倘存在減值跡象，或當須每年就資產
進行減值測試 （存貨、遞延稅項資產、
金融資產及分類為持作出售的出售集
團除外） ， 則會估計資產的可收回金額。
資產的可收回金額乃按資產或現金產
生單位的使用價值及其公平值減出售
成本兩者的較高者計算，並按個別資
產釐定，除非資產並不產生明顯獨立
於其他資產或資產組別的現金流入，
於此情況下，則可收回金額按資產所
屬現金產生單位釐定。於測試現金產
生單位減值時，倘現金產生單位可按
合理及一致分配基準分配，公司資產
之部分賬面金額分配至個別現金產生
單位，或分配至現金產生單位內的最
小組別。


===== PAGE 193 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
192
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Impairment of non-financial assets (Continued)
An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset 
exceeds its recoverable amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated 
future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax 
discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of 
money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged 
to profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories 
consistent with the function of the impaired asset.
An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether 
there is an indication that previously recognised impairment losses may 
no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the 
recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss 
of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change 
in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, 
but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have 
been determined (net of any depreciation) had no impairment loss been 
recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment 
loss is credited to profit or loss in the period in which it arises.
Related parties
A party is considered to be related to the Group if:
(a) the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and 
that person
(i) has control or joint control over the Group;
(ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
(iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group 
or of a parent of the Group;
or
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
非金融資產減值（續）
僅在資產賬面值高於其可收回金額的
情況下，方會確認減值虧損。評估使
用價值時，估計未來現金流量按可反
映貨幣時間價值及資產特定風險的現
時市場評估的稅前貼現率貼現至現值。
減值虧損按與該減值資產功能相符的
開支類別於產生期間自損益中扣除。
本集團會在各報告期末評估是否有任
何跡象顯示先前確認的減值虧損已不
再存在或可能減少。倘出現此等跡象，
則會估計可收回金額。僅當用以釐定
資產可收回金額的估計有變時，方會
撥回資產 （商譽除外） 先前確認的減值
虧損，但撥回後的金額不得超逾假設
於過往年度並無就該項資產確認減值
虧損而應釐定的賬面值 （扣除任何折
舊） 。減值虧損撥回於其產生期間計入
損益。
關聯方
符合下列情況之人士將視為與本集團
有關連：
(a) 有關人士為個人或該人士之近親，
而該人士
(i) 控制或共同控制本集團；
(ii) 對本集團具有重大影響力；
或
(iii) 該人士為本集團或本集團
母公司的主要管理人員的
其中一名成員；
或


===== PAGE 194 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
193
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Related parties (Continued)
(b) the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:
(i) the entity and the Group are members of the same group;
(ii) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or 
of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);
(iii) the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third 
party;
(iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity 
is an associate of the third entity;
(v) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of 
employees of either the Group or an entity related to the Group; 
(vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified 
in (a);
(vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the 
entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the 
entity (or of a parent of the entity); and
(viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, 
provides key management personnel services to the Group or 
to the parent of the Group.
Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are 
stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. 
When an item of property, plant and equipment is classified as held for 
sale or when it is part of disposal group classified as held for sale, it is not 
depreciated and is accounted for in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current 
Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations  (“IFRS 5”), as further 
explained in the accounting policy for “Non-current assets and disposal 
group held for sale”. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment 
comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing 
the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
關聯方（續）
(b) 有關方為實體且符合下列任何一
項條件：
(i) 該實體與本集團屬同一集
團的成員公司；
(ii) 一實體為另一實體 （或另一
實體的母公司、附屬公司
或同系附屬公司） 的聯營公
司或合資企業；
(iii) 該實體與本集團為同一第
三方的合資企業；
(iv) 一實體為一第三方實體的
合資企業，而另一實體為
同一第三方實體的聯營公
司；
(v) 該實體為就本集團或與本
集團有關聯之實體的僱員
利益設立的離職後福利計
劃；
(vi) 該實體由(a) 項所列人士控
制或共同控制；
(vii) (a)(i) 項所列人士對該實體有
重大影響或屬該實體 （或該
實體母公司） 主要管理人員
的其中一名成員；及
(viii) 該實體或該實體所屬集團
之任何成員公司為本集團
或本集團母公司提供主要
管理人員服務。
物業、廠房及設備與折舊
物業、廠房及設備 （在建工程除外） 乃
按成本減累計折舊及任何減值虧損列
賬。當一項物業、廠房及設備分類為
持作出售或當其為持作出售的出售集
團之一部分時，不予折舊，並按照國
際財務報告準則第 5號持作出售的非
流動資產及已終止經營業務 （ 「國際財
務報告準則第5 號」 ） 入賬，詳情載於
會計政策 「持作出售的非流動資產及出
售集團」 。物業、廠房及任何設備項目
的成本包括其購買價及使資產達致運
作狀況及地點作擬定用途的直接應佔
成本。


===== PAGE 195 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
194
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Property, plant and equipment and depreciation (Continued)
Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have 
been put into operation, such as repairs and maintenance, is normally 
charged to profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In situations 
where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a 
major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset as a 
replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment 
are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such 
parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them 
accordingly.
Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of 
each item of property, plant and equipment to its residual value over its 
estimated useful life. The estimated useful life of each asset is as follows:
Buildings Over the shorter of the lease terms of the related land or 50 years
樓宇 按有關地塊的租期或 50年 （以較短者為準）
Leasehold improvements 10–20 years
租賃裝修 10至 20年
Medical equipment 5–10 years
醫療設備 5至 10年
Office equipment 5–10 years
辦公設備 5至 10年
Motor vehicles 5 years
汽車 5年
Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different 
useful lives, the cost of that item is allocated on a reasonable basis among 
the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, 
useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if 
appropriate, at least at each financial year end.
An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part 
initially recognised is derecognised upon disposal or when no future 
economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss 
on disposal or retirement recognised in profit or loss in the year the asset 
is derecognised is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the 
carrying amount of the relevant asset.
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
物業、廠房及設備與折舊（續）
於物業、廠房及設備項目投入運作後
所引致的支出，如維修及保養費等，
通常於該等支出產生期間自損益中扣
除。倘達到確認標準，則主要檢查的
開支作為重置於資產的賬面值中資本
化。倘大部分物業、廠房及設備須不
時重置，則本集團確認該部分物業、
廠房及設備為個別具有特定使用年期
的資產及相應地對其作出折舊。
折舊乃以直線法按其估計可使用年期
撇銷各項物業、廠房及設備的成本至
其剩餘價值計算。各項資產的估計可
使用年期如下：
當一項物業、廠房及設備的各部分有
不同可使用年期時，該項目的成本乃
按合理基準在各部分之間分配，而各
部分須分別折舊。剩餘價值、可使用
年期及折舊方法至少於各財政年度末
檢討，並作出調整 （如適用） 。
物業、廠房及設備項目 （包括初步確認
的任何重大部分） 於出售或預期其使用
或出售不會帶來任何未來經濟利益時
終止確認。因出售或報廢而於該資產
終止確認年度的損益內確認的任何收
益或虧損乃有關資產出售所得款項淨
額與賬面值的差額。


===== PAGE 196 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
195
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Property, plant and equipment and depreciation (Continued)
Construction in progress is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and 
is not depreciated. It is reclassified to the appropriate category of property, 
plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.
Leases
The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, 
a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right 
to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for 
consideration.
Group as a lessee
The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all 
leases, except for short-term leases. The Group recognises lease liabilities 
to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to 
use the underlying assets.
(a) Right-of-use assets
Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the 
lease (that is the date the underlying asset is available for use). Right-
of-use assets are measured at cost, less accumulated depreciation 
and any accumulated impairment losses, and adjusted for any 
remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets 
includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs 
incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement 
date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are 
depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term 
and the estimated useful lives of the assets, as follows:
Leasehold lands Over the lease term
租賃土地 按租期
Leased properties Over the lease term
租賃物業 按租期
If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of 
the lease term or the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option, 
depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
物業、廠房及設備與折舊（續）
在建工程乃按成本減任何減值虧損列
賬，且不予折舊。當在建工程完工及
可供使用時，則重新分類至適當的物
業、廠房及設備類別。
租賃
本集團於合約開始時評估合約是否為
租賃或包含租賃。倘合約賦予權利於
一段時間內控制已識別資產的用途以
換取代價， 則該合約為租賃或包含租賃。
本集團作為承租人
本集團對所有租賃 （短期租賃除外） 採
取單一確認及計量方法。本集團確認
租賃負債以作出租賃付款，而使用權
資產指使用相關資產的權利。
(a) 使用權資產
使用權資產於租賃開始日期 （即
相關資產可供使用當日） 確認。
使用權資產按成本減累計折舊及
任何累計減值虧損計量，並就任
何重新計量租賃負債作出調整。
使用權資產成本包括已確認租賃
負債的款額、已產生初始直接成
本及於開始日期或之前作出的租
賃付項減任何已收租賃獎勵。按
租期與資產的估計可使用年期中
的較短者以直線法計提折舊的使
用權資產如下：
倘於租期結束前租賃資產的擁有
權轉讓予本集團或成本反映購買
選擇權的行使，折舊則採用資產
的估計可使用年期計算。


===== PAGE 197 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
196
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Leases (Continued)
Group as a lessee (Continued)
(b) Lease liabilities
Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the 
lease at the present value of lease payments to be made over the 
lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including 
in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, 
variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and 
amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The 
lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option 
reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of 
penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the 
Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease 
payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised 
as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that 
triggers the payment occurs.
In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group 
uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement 
date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily 
determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease 
liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced 
for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of 
lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in 
the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to 
future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or 
a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying 
asset.
(c) Short-term leases
The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its 
short-term leases of leased properties (i.e., those leases that have a 
lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and 
do not contain a purchase option). Lease payments on short-term 
leases are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over 
the lease term.
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
租賃（續）
本集團作為承租人（續）
(b) 租賃負債
租賃負債於租賃開始日期以租期
內作出的租賃付款現值確認。租
賃付款包括定額付款 （含實質定
額付款） 減任何應收租賃獎勵款
項、取決於指數或費率的可變租
賃付款以及預期根據剩餘價值擔
保支付的金額。租賃付款亦包括
本集團合理確定行使的購買選擇
權的行使價及倘在租期內反映本
集團正行使終止租賃選擇權時，
有關終止租賃的罰款付款。不取
決於指數或費率的可變租賃付款
在出現觸發付款的事件或條件的
期間內確認為開支。
於計算租賃付款的現值時，由於
租賃內所含利率不易釐定，故本
集團使用租賃開始日期的增量借
款利率計算。於開始日期後，租
賃負債金額的增加反映利息的增
加，並因作出租賃付款而減少。
此外，倘有任何修改 （即租期變
更、租賃付款變更 （例如指數或
費率的變更導致未來租賃付款發
生變化） 或購買相關資產的選擇
權評估的變更） ，則重新計量租
賃負債的賬面值。
(c) 短期租賃
本集團對其租賃物業的短期租賃
（即該等於開始日期起的租期為
12個月或以下且不包含購買選擇
權的租賃） 應用短期租賃確認豁
免。短期租賃的租賃付款按租期
以直線法確認為開支。


===== PAGE 198 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
197
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Leases (Continued)
Group as a lessor
When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when 
there is a lease modification) each of its leases as either an operating lease 
or a finance lease.
Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and 
rewards incidental to ownership of an asset are classified as operating 
leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the 
Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a 
relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income is accounted for on a 
straight-line basis over the lease terms and is included in revenue in profit 
or loss due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating 
and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of 
the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as 
rental income. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in 
which they are earned.
Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental 
to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee are accounted for as 
finance leases.
Sale and leaseback transactions
The Group applies the requirements of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with 
Customers (“IFRS 15”) to assess whether sale and leaseback transaction 
constitutes a sale by the Group. For a transfer that does not satisfy the 
requirements as a sale, the Group as a seller-lessee accounts for the 
transfer proceeds as bank loans within the scope of IFRS 9 Financial 
Instruments (“IFRS 9”).
Investments and other financial assets
Initial recognition and measurement
Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently 
measured at amortised cost, fair value through other comprehensive 
income, and fair value through profit or loss.
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
租賃（續）
本集團作為出租人
當本集團作為出租人時，其於租賃開
始時 （或租賃出現修改時） 將每項租賃
分類為經營租賃或融資租賃。
本集團並未轉讓資產擁有權所附帶的
絕大部分風險及回報的租賃歸類為經
營租賃。倘合約包含租賃及非租賃組
成部分，本集團根據相對獨立的售價
基準將合約代價分配予各組成部分。
租金收益因其經營性質而於租期內按
直線法列賬並計入損益之收入。於磋
商及安排經營租賃時產生的初始直接
成本乃計入租賃資產的賬面值，並於
租期內按相同基準確認為租金收益。
或然租金乃於所賺取的期間內確認為
收入。
向承租人轉讓相關資產擁有權所附帶
的絕大部分風險及回報的租賃入賬列
作融資租賃。
售後租回交易
本集團根據國際財務報告準則第 15號
來自客戶合約的收益 （ 「國際財務報告
準則第 15號」 ） 的規定，評估售後租回
交易是否構成本集團的銷售。對於不
符合銷售規定的轉讓，本集團作為賣
方－承租人按照國際財務報告準則第
9號金融工具（ 「國際財務報告準則第9
號」 ） 將轉讓所得款項作為銀行貸款進
行核算。
投資及其他金融資產
初步確認及計量
金融資產於初步確認時分類為其後按
攤銷成本計量、按公平值計入其他全
面收益，以及按公平值計入損益。


===== PAGE 199 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
198
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
Initial recognition and measurement (Continued)
The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the 
financial asset’s contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group’s 
business model for managing them. With the exception of accounts 
receivable that do not contain a significant financing component or for 
which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the 
effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures 
a financial asset at its fair value plus in the case of a financial asset not 
at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Accounts receivable 
that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the 
Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction 
price determined under IFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for 
“Revenue recognition” below.
In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised 
cost or fair value through other comprehensive income, it needs to give rise 
to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”) on 
the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are 
not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, 
irrespective of the business model.
The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it 
manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows. The business 
model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual 
cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified 
and measured at amortised cost are held within a business model with the 
objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, 
while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective 
of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial 
assets which are not held within the aforementioned business models are 
classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.
Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets 
within the period generally established by regulation or convention in the 
marketplace are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the 
Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
投資及其他金融資產（續）
初步確認及計量（續）
初步確認時金融資產分類取決於金融
資產的合約現金流特徵，以及本集團
管理金融資產的業務模式。除並非包
含重大融資組成部分的應收賬款或本
集團已應用實際權宜方法不作調整重
大融資組成部分影響的應收賬款外，
本集團最初按其公平值另加交易成本
（倘金融資產並非按公平值計入損益）
計量金融資產。並非包含重大融資組
成部分的應收賬款或本集團已應用實
際權宜方法的應收賬款按依照下文 「收
益確認」 所載政策根據國際財務報告準
則第 15號釐定的交易價計量。
金融資產需要令現金流量僅為償還本
金及未償還本金利息 （ 「僅為償還本金
及未償還本金利息」 ） ，方可按攤銷成
本或按公平值計入其他全面收益的分
類及計量。具有並非僅為償還本金及
未償還本金利息之現金流量的金融資
產按公平值計入損益分類及計量，且
不論為何種業務模式。
本集團管理金融資產的業務模式指本
集團如何管理其金融資產以產生現金
流量。業務模式釐定現金流量是否因
收取合約現金流量、出售金融資產或
因前述兩者而引起。按攤銷成本分類
及計量的金融資產乃於一項業務模式
中以持有該等金融資產以收取合約現
金流量為目標而持有，而根據按公平
值計入其他全面收益分類及計量的金
融資產則於一項業務模式中以持作收
取合約現金流量及持作出售為目標而
持有。並非於上述業務模式中持有的
金融資產按公平值計入損益分類及計量。
需要於一般按規例或市場慣例設定的
期限內交付資產的金融資產的購買或
出售乃於交易日 （即本集團承諾購買或
出售該資產當日） 確認。


===== PAGE 200 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
199
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
Subsequent measurement
The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their 
classification as follows:
Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the 
effective interest method and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses 
are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or 
impaired.
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the 
statement of financial position at fair value with net changes in fair value 
recognised in profit or loss.
This category includes equity investments which the Group had not 
irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through other comprehensive 
income. Dividends on the equity investments are also recognised as other 
income in profit or loss when the right of payment has been established.
Derecognition of financial assets
A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of 
a group of similar financial assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed 
from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:
• the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
• the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the 
asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows 
in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” 
arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially 
all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither 
transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the 
asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
投資及其他金融資產（續）
其後計量
金融資產的其後計量取決於其分類如
下：
按攤銷成本列賬的金融資產 （債務工具）
按攤銷成本列賬的金融資產其後使用
實際利率法計量，並可予減值。倘資
產終止確認、修訂或減值，則收益及
虧損會於損益確認。
按公平值計入損益的金融資產
按公平值計入損益的金融資產按公平
值於財務狀況表列賬，而公平值變動
淨額於損益中確認。
該類別包括本集團並無不可撤銷地選
擇按公平值計入其他全面收益進行分
類的權益投資。權益投資之股息於付
款權已確立時亦於損益中確認為其他
收入。
終止確認金融資產
金融資產 （或 （倘適用） 部分金融資產
或一組同類金融資產的一部分） 主要於
下列情況下終止確認 （即從本集團綜合
財務狀況表中剔除） ：
• 從資產收取現金流量的權利已到
期；或
• 本集團已轉讓從資產收取現金流
量的權利，或根據 「轉手」 安排在
並無嚴重延誤的情況下承擔向第
三方悉數支付已收取現金流量的
責任；及 (a)本集團已轉讓資產的
絕大部分風險及回報，或 (b)本集
團雖未轉讓或保留資產的絕大部
分風險及回報，但已轉讓資產的
控制權。


===== PAGE 201 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
200
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Derecognition of financial assets (Continued)
When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an 
asset or has entered into a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, 
and to what extent, it has retained the risks and rewards of ownership 
of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all 
of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor transferred control of the asset, 
the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of 
its continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an 
associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are 
measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group 
has retained.
Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the 
transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original carrying amount 
of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group 
could be required to repay.
Impairment of financial assets
The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all 
debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based 
on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance 
with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, 
discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The 
expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held 
or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.
General approach
ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there 
has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, 
ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that 
are possible within the next 12 months (12-month ECLs). For those credit 
exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk 
since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses 
expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing 
of the default (lifetime ECLs).
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
終止確認金融資產（續）
倘本集團已轉讓從資產收取現金流量
的權利或訂立轉手安排，則評估有否
保留資產擁有權的風險及回報及保留
的程度。倘本集團並無轉讓或保留資
產的絕大部分風險及回報，亦無轉讓
資產控制權，則本集團將就本集團持
續參與有關資產的程度繼續確認已轉
讓資產。在此情況下，本集團亦確認
相關負債。已轉讓資產及相關負債基
於反映本集團所保留權利及責任的基
準計量。
以擔保形式對已轉讓資產的持續參與，
按資產原賬面價值與本集團可能須償
還的最高代價的較低者計量。
金融資產減值
本集團就所有並非以按公平值計入損
益持有的債務工具的預期信貸虧損 （ 「預
期信貸虧損」 ） 確認撥備。預期信貸虧
損乃基於根據合約應收的合約現金流
量與本集團預期將收到的所有現金流
量之間的差額釐定，並以原實際利率
的近似值貼現。預期現金流量將包括
出售所持抵押品或合約條款所包含的
其他信貸升級措施產生的現金流量。
一般方法
預期信貸虧損分兩個階段進行確認。
對於自初步確認以來信貸風險未有顯
著增加的信貸風險，會為未來 12個月
可能發生的違約事件所產生的信貸虧
損（12個月預期信貸虧損） 計提預期信
貸虧損撥備。對於自初步確認以來信
貸風險已顯著增加的信貸風險，須就
預期於風險的餘下年期產生的信貸虧
損計提虧損撥備，不論發生違約的時
間 （全期預期信貸虧損） 。


===== PAGE 202 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
201
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
General approach (Continued)
At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a 
financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition. 
When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default 
occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk 
of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial 
recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that 
is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-
looking information. The Group considers that there has been a significant 
increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30 days 
past due.
The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual 
payments are 90 days past due. However, in certain cases, the Group may 
also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external 
information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding 
contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit 
enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there 
is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.
Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and 
financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the 
general approach and they are classified within the following stages for 
measurement of ECLs except for accounts receivable and contract assets 
which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.
Stage 1 – Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased 
significantly since initial recognition and for which the loss 
allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs
Stage 2 – Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased 
significantly since initial recognition but that are not credit-
impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is 
measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs
Stage 3 – Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date 
(but that are not purchased or originated credit-impaired) and 
for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal 
to lifetime ECLs
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
金融資產減值（續）
一般方法（續）
本集團在各報告日期評估金融工具的
信貸風險自初步確認以來是否已顯著
增加。於進行評估時，本集團將報告
日期金融工具出現違約之風險與初步
確認日期金融工具出現違約之風險進
行比較，並考慮無需付出過多成本或
努力即可獲得的合理及有理據的資料
（包括過往及前瞻性資料） 。當合約付
款逾期超過 30日時，本集團認為信貸
風險大幅增加。
當合約付款逾期 90日時，本集團視金
融資產出現違約。 然而， 在若干情況下，
當內部或外部資料顯示在不考慮本集
團所持的任何信貸升級措施的情況下
本集團不大可能悉數收回尚未償還的
合約金額，則本集團亦可能將金融資
產視為出現違約。倘無合理預期可收
回合約現金流量，則撇銷金融資產。
除應收賬款及合約資產應用下文詳述
的簡化方法外，按公平值計入其他全
面收益的債務投資及按攤銷成本列賬
的金融資產按一般方法進行減值，並
按下列階段預期信貸虧損計量分類。
第 1階段－ 自初步確認以來信貸風險
並無顯著增加的金融工
具，其虧損撥備按等於 12
個月預期信貸虧損的金額
計量
第 2階段－ 自初步確認以來信貸風險
有顯著增加但屬未出現信
貸減值的金融資產的金融
工具，其虧損撥備按等於
全期預期信貸虧損的金額
計量
第 3階段－ 於報告日期已出現信貸減
值 （但並非在購買或產生
時已出現信貸減值） 的金
融資產，其虧損撥備按等
於全期預期信貸虧損的金
額計量


===== PAGE 203 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
202
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
Simplified approach
For accounts receivable that do not contain a significant financing 
component or when the Group applies the practical expedient of not 
adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies 
the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, 
the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a 
loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group 
has established a ECL model that is based on the probability of default, 
loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and 
the exposure at default adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the 
debtors and the economic environment.
Financial liabilities
Initial recognition and measurement
Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as loans and 
borrowings, or payables, as appropriate.
All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of 
loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction 
costs.
The Group’s financial liabilities include accounts and other payables, 
amount due to the non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary, bank loans 
and lease liabilities.
Subsequent measurement
The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their 
classification as follows:
Financial liabilities at amortised cost (accounts and other payables and 
borrowings)
After initial recognition, accounts and other payables and interest-bearing 
borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the 
effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be 
immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are 
recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as 
through the effective interest rate amortisation process.
Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or 
premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the 
effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in 
finance costs in profit or loss.
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
金融資產減值（續）
簡化方法
就不包含重大融資組成部分的應收賬
款而言，或在本集團採用不就重大融
資組成部分的影響作出調整的實際權
宜方法時，本集團應用簡化方法計算
預期信貸虧損。在簡化方法下，本集
團不追蹤信貸風險的變化，而是於各
報告日期根據全期預期信貸虧損確認
虧損撥備。本集團已根據違約概率、
違約虧損率 （即倘發生違約的損失程度）
及違約風險建立預期信貸虧損模式，
並就債務人特定的前瞻性因素及經濟
環境作出調整。
金融負債
初步確認與計量
金融負債於初步確認時分類為貸款及
借款或應付款項 （如適用） 。
所有金融負債初步按公平值確認並 （倘
為貸款及借款以及應付款項） 扣除直接
應佔交易成本。
本集團的金融負債包括應付賬款及其
他應付款項、應付一間附屬公司非控
股股東的款項、銀行貸款及租賃負債。
其後計量
金融負債的隨後計量取決於其分類，
如下所示：
按攤銷成本列賬的金融負債 （應付賬款
及其他應付款項及借款）
於初步確認後，應付賬款及其他應付
款項及計息借款隨後以實際利率法按
攤銷成本計量，除非折現的影響微不
足道，在該情況下則按成本列賬。收
益及虧損在負債終止確認時及通過實
際利率法攤銷程序在損益內確認。
在計算攤銷成本時會計及收購產生的
任何折讓或溢價以及作為實際利率一
部分的費用或成本。實際利率攤銷計
入損益的融資成本內。


===== PAGE 204 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
203
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Financial liabilities (Continued)
Financial guarantee contracts
Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group are those contracts 
that require a payment to be made to reimburse the holder for a loss it 
incurs because the specified debtor fails to make a payment when due 
in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. A financial guarantee 
contract is recognised initially as a liability at its fair value, adjusted for 
transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issuance of the 
guarantee. Subsequent to initial recognition, the Group measures the 
financial guarantee contracts at the higher of: (i) the ECL allowance 
determined in accordance with the policy as set out in “Impairment 
of financial assets”; and (ii) the amount initially recognised less, when 
appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised.
Derecognition of financial liabilities
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is 
discharged or cancelled, or expires.
When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same 
lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability 
are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated 
as the derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new 
liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in 
profit or loss.
Offsetting of financial instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is 
reported in the consolidated statement of financial position if there is a 
currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there 
is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the 
liabilities simultaneously.
Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost of 
inventories are determined on a first-in, first-out basis. Net realisable value 
represents the estimated selling price for inventories less costs necessary to 
make the sale.
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
金融負債（續）
財務擔保合約
本集團出具的財務擔保合約乃因為特
定債務人於債務到期時未能根據債務
工具的條款作出付款而要求作出付款
以補償持有者所產生的損失的合約。
財務擔保合約按其公平值初步確認為
負債，就出具擔保直接應佔交易成本
進行調整。於初步確認後，本集團按
以下較高者計量財務擔保合約： (i) 根
據 「金融資產減值」 載列的政策釐定的
預期信貸虧損撥備；及 (ii)初步確認的
金額減 （倘適用） 經確認的累積收入金
額。
終止確認金融負債
當金融負債的責任已履行、取消或屆
滿時，金融負債終止確認。
當現時金融負債被另一項由同一貸款
人以條款有重大不同的金融負債所取
代，或當現時負債的條款被大幅修改，
該取代或修改以終止確認原有負債及
確認新負債的方式處理。有關賬面值
之間的差額於損益內確認。
抵銷金融工具
當有現行可予執行的法律權利可抵銷
已確認金額及有意按淨額基準償付，
或變現資產與清還負債同時進行，則
抵銷金融資產及金融負債及於綜合財
務狀況表內呈報淨值。
存貨
存貨按成本與可變現淨值的較低者列
值。存貨成本按先入先出基準釐定。
可變現淨值指存貨的估計售價減進行
銷售所需成本。


===== PAGE 205 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
204
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and at banks, and 
short-term highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three 
months that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash, subject 
to an insignificant risk of changes in value held for the purpose of meeting 
short-term cash commitments.
For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash 
equivalents comprise cash on hand and at banks and short-term deposits 
as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand 
and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.
Provisions
A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) 
has arisen as a result of a past event and it is probable that a future outflow 
of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that a reliable 
estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a 
provision is the present value at the end of the reporting period of the future 
expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The increase 
in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is 
included in finance costs in profit or loss.
The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the 
consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of 
the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties 
surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash 
flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the 
present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of 
money is material).
Income tax
Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to 
items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss, 
either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
現金及現金等價物
現金及現金等價物包括手頭現金及銀
行存款，以及可隨時兌換為已知金額
現金且所涉價值變動風險不高的短期
高流動性存款，一般於三個月內到期
及持作滿足短期現金承擔用途。
就綜合現金流量表而言，現金及現金
等價物包括手頭現金及銀行存款，以
及上文所界定之短期存款，減須按要
求償還的銀行透支，並構成本集團現
金管理組成部分。
撥備
倘因過往事件導致現時承擔責任 （法定
或推定責任） ，且日後可能須流失資源
以履行責任，並能可靠估計責任的數
額，則確認撥備。
當貼現影響屬重大時，確認撥備的金
額為預期未來履行責任所作出的開支
於報告期末的現值。隨時間流逝產生
的貼現現值增加額計入損益內的融資
成本中。
確認為撥備的金額為於報告期末履行
現時責任所需代價的最佳估計，當中
計及與責任有關的風險及不明朗因素。
當撥備使用履行現時責任所需估計現
金流量計量時，其賬面金額為該等現
金流量的現值 （倘金錢時間價值的影響
屬重大） 。
所得稅
所得稅包括即期及遞延稅項。與於損
益以外確認項目相關的所得稅於損益
以外的其他全面收益或直接於權益確認。


===== PAGE 206 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
205
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Income tax (Continued)
Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to 
be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and 
tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of 
the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices 
prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.
Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary 
differences at the end of the reporting period between the tax bases of 
assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting 
purposes.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, 
except:
• when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of 
goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business 
combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the 
accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to 
equal taxable and deductible temporary differences; and
• in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with 
investments in subsidiaries, when the timing of the reversal of the 
temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the 
temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, 
and the carryforward of unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. 
Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that 
taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary 
differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax 
losses can be utilised, except:
• when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary 
differences arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability 
in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time 
of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable 
profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible 
temporary differences; and
• in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with 
investments in subsidiaries, deferred tax assets are only recognised 
to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will 
reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available 
against which the temporary differences can be utilised.
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
所得稅（續）
即期稅項資產及負債乃根據於報告期
末已頒佈或實質上已頒佈的稅率 （及稅
法） ，並考慮本集團經營所在國家當時
的詮釋及慣例，按預期自稅務機關退
回或支付予稅務機關的金額計量。
遞延稅項乃就於報告期末資產及負債
的稅基與兩者用作財務報告用途的賬
面值之間的所有暫時性差額，採用負
債法計提撥備。
遞延稅項負債乃就所有應課稅暫時性
差額確認，惟下列情況除外：
• 遞延稅項負債乃因在一項並非業
務合併的交易中初次確認商譽或
資產或負債而產生，且於交易時
對會計利潤及應課稅利潤或虧損
均無影響，亦不會導致應課稅及
可扣減暫時差額相等；及
• 就與於附屬公司的投資有關的應
課稅暫時性差額而言，暫時性差
額的撥回時間為可控制，且該等
暫時性差額於可見將來可能不會
撥回。
遞延稅項資產乃就所有可抵扣暫時性
差額以及未動用稅項抵免及任何未動
用稅項虧損的結轉確認。遞延稅項資
產的確認以將有應課稅溢利可用以抵
銷可抵扣暫時性差額以及未動用稅項
抵免及未動用稅項虧損的結轉為限，
惟下列情況除外：
• 與可抵扣暫時性差額有關的遞延
稅項資產乃因在一項並非業務合
併的交易中初次確認資產或負債
而產生，且於交易時對會計利潤
及應課稅利潤或虧損均無影響，
亦不會導致應課稅及可扣減暫時
差額相等；及
• 就與於附屬公司的投資有關的可
抵扣暫時性差額而言，遞延稅項
資產僅於暫時性差額於可見將來
有可能撥回以及將有應課稅利潤
可用以抵銷暫時性差額的情況下，
方予確認。


===== PAGE 207 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
206
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Income tax (Continued)
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each 
reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that 
sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred 
tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed 
at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it 
has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow 
all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are 
expected to apply to the period when the asset is realised or the liability 
is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or 
substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the 
Group has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets and 
current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities 
relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the 
same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle 
current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and 
settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant 
amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or 
recovered.
Government grants
Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is 
reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all attaching 
conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense 
item, it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that 
the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.
Revenue recognition
Revenue from contracts with customers
Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of 
goods or services is transferred to the customers at an amount that reflects 
the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for 
those goods or services.
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
所得稅（續）
於各報告期末審閱遞延稅項資產的賬
面值，並在不再可能有足夠應課稅溢
利以動用全部或部分遞延稅項資產時，
相應扣減該賬面值。未被確認的遞延
稅項資產會於各報告期末重新評估，
並在可能有足夠應課稅溢利以收回全
部或部分遞延稅項資產時予以確認。
遞延稅項資產及負債乃根據於報告期
末已頒佈或實質上已頒佈的稅率 （及稅
法） ，按預期適用於變現資產或清還負
債期間的稅率計量。
當及僅當本集團擁有法定可強制執行
權可將即期稅項資產與即期稅項負債
抵銷，且遞延稅項資產及遞延稅項負
債與同一稅務機關向同一應課稅實體
或向不同應課稅實體按淨額基準結算
即期稅項負債及資產徵收之所得稅有
關，或預期於各未來期間有重大金額
之遞延稅項負債需清償或遞延稅項資
產可收回時，同時變現該等資產及清
償該等負債，則遞延稅項資產可與遞
延稅項負債抵銷。
政府補助
倘能合理確定將會收取有關補助且符
合補助附帶的所有條件，則政府補助
將按公平值予以確認。倘補助與開支
項目有關，則在其擬補償而支銷相關
成本的期間內系統地確認為收入。
收益確認
客戶合約收益
當貨品或服務的控制權以反映本集團
預期就換取該等貨品或服務有權獲得
的代價的金額轉讓予客戶時，確認客
戶合約收益。


===== PAGE 208 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
207
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Revenue recognition (Continued)
Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the 
amount of consideration is estimated to which the Group will be entitled 
in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The 
variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained 
until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount 
of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated 
uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
Revenue from the provision of hospital services, provision of rehabilitation 
and other healthcare services, provision of haemodialysis services, 
provision of elderly healthcare services, clinical trial and related income 
and local health services income are recognised over time and measured 
under the output method, because the customer simultaneously receives 
and consumes the benefits provided by the Group. The progress towards 
complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on 
the output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct 
measurements of the value of the goods or services transferred to the 
customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised 
under the contract, that best depicts the Group’s performance in transferring 
control of goods or services.
Revenue from other sources
Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease 
terms.
Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest 
method by applying the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future 
cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter 
period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.
Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive 
payment has been established, it is probable that the economic benefits 
associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the 
dividend can be measured reliably.
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
收益確認（續）
客戶合約收益（續）
當合約中的代價包括可變金額時，代
價金額估計為本集團就轉讓貨品或服
務至客戶而有權獲得的金額。可變代
價於合約開始時進行估計並受約束，
直至當可變代價的相關不確定因素其
後獲解決，確認的累計收益金額不大
可能出現重大收益撥回。
提供醫院服務、提供康復及其他醫療
保健服務、提供血液透析服務、提供
老年醫療服務的收益、臨床試驗及相
關收入及當地健康服務收入乃隨時間
確認並按產出法計量，原因為客戶同
時收取及消耗本集團提供的利益。完
全履行履約責任之進度乃根據產出法
計量，即透過直接計量迄今已轉讓予
客戶的貨品或服務價值，相對合約下
承諾提供的餘下貨品或服務價值確認
收益，該方法最能反映本集團於轉讓
貨品或服務控制權方面的履約情況。
其他來源收入
租賃收入於租期內按時間比例確認。
利息收入按應計基準使用實際利率法，
透過採用將金融工具於預期年期或較
短期間 （如適用） 的估計未來現金收入
準確貼現至金融資產的賬面淨值之比
率予以確認。
股息收入於股東收取付款的權利確立、
股息相關的經濟利益可能將流入本集
團且股息金額能可靠計量時確認。


===== PAGE 209 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
208
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Contract liabilities
A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment 
is due (whichever is earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the 
related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue 
when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the 
related goods or services to the customer).
Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction 
or production of qualifying assets, i.e., assets that necessarily take a 
substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are 
capitalised as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such 
borrowing costs ceases when the assets are substantially ready for their 
intended use or sale. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period 
in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other 
costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.
Employee benefits
Pension scheme
The employees of the Group are required to participate in a central 
pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. The Group 
is required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the 
central pension scheme. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as 
they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension 
scheme.
The Group’s subsidiary in Hong Kong operates a defined contribution MPF 
Scheme under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for all 
of its employees. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the 
employees’ basic salaries and are charged to profit or loss as they become 
payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of 
the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the subsidiary in an 
independently administered fund. The subsidiary’s employer contributions 
vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
合約負債
合約負債於本集團轉讓相關貨品或服
務前自客戶收取付款或付款到期應付
時 （以較早者為準） 確認。合約負債於
本集團根據合約履責 （即向客戶轉讓相
關貨品或服務的控制權） 時確認為收益。
借款成本
收購、建造或生產合資格資產 （即需待
相當時間方可作擬定用途或出售的資
產） 直接應佔之借款成本會資本化作為
該等資產的成本部分，直至資產已大
致可作擬定用途或出售時為止。所有
其他借款成本均於產生期間支銷。借
款成本包括實體就借用資金產生的利
息及其他成本。
僱員福利
退休金計劃
本集團僱員須參加當地市政府運營的
中央養老金計劃。本集團須向中央養
老金計劃繳納一定比例的工資成本。
根據中央養老金計劃的規定，供款在
到期應付時在損益中扣除。
本集團在香港的附屬公司根據強制性
公積金計劃條例為其所有僱員運營一
項界定供款強積金計劃。供款按僱員
基本工資的百分比計算，並在根據強
積金計劃規則應付時在損益中扣除。
強積金計劃的資產與附屬公司的資產
分開存放在獨立管理的基金中。附屬
公司的僱主供款在向強積金計劃供款
時完全歸僱員所有。


===== PAGE 210 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
209
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Employee benefits (Continued)
Short-term employee benefits
Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount 
of the benefits expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the 
services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense 
unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the 
cost of an asset.
Foreign currencies
These consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi 
(“RMB“) , which is the Company’s functional currency. Each entity in the 
Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the 
financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional 
currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the 
Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates 
prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency 
rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences 
arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in 
profit or loss.
Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a 
foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the dates of 
the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a 
foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when 
the fair value is determined. The gain or loss arising on translation of non-
monetary items measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition 
of the gain or loss on the change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation 
difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in 
other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other 
comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).
In determining the spot exchange rate to use on initial recognition of 
the related asset, expense or income (or part of it) on the derecognition 
of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to advance 
consideration, the date of the transaction is the date on which the Group 
initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising 
from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts 
in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment 
or receipt of advance consideration.
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
僱員福利（續）
短期僱員福利
短期僱員福利於僱員提供服務時按預
期所支付福利的未貼現金額確認。所
有短期僱員福利確認為開支，除非另
一項國際財務報告準則規定或允許將
福利計入資產成本內。
外幣
該等綜合財務報表以人民幣 （ 「人民幣」 ）
呈列，即本公司的功能貨幣。本集團
旗下各實體自行釐定其功能貨幣，而
各實體財務報表所載項目會使用該功
能貨幣計量。本集團旗下實體錄得的
外幣交易初步使用交易當日功能貨幣
的現行匯率入賬。以外幣計值的貨幣
資產及負債按於報告期末通行的功能
貨幣匯率予以換算。因結算換算貨幣
項目而產生的差額於損益確認。
以外幣為單位而按歷史成本計量的非
貨幣項目按首次交易日的匯率換算。
以外幣為單位而按公平值計量的非貨
幣項目按釐定公平值當日的匯率換算。
換算按公平值計量的非貨幣項目產生
的收益或虧損按與確認項目公平值變
動的收益或虧損一致的方式處理 （即公
平值收益或虧損於其他全面收益或損
益中確認的項目的匯兌差額亦分別於
其他全面收益或損益中確認） 。
於終止確認與預付代價有關的非貨幣
資產或非貨幣負債釐定初步確認相關
資產、開支或收入 （或其部分） 時使用
的即期匯率時，交易日為本集團初步
確認預付代價產生的非貨幣資產或非
貨幣負債的日期。倘支付或收取多筆
預付款，則本集團釐定支付或收取每
一筆預付代價的交易日。


===== PAGE 211 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
210
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale
Non-current assets (and disposal groups) are classified as held for sale 
if their carrying amount will be recovered principally through a sale 
transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is regarded 
as met only when the asset (or disposal group) is available for immediate 
sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are usual and 
customary for sales of such asset (or disposal group) and its sale is highly 
probable. Management must be committed to the sale, which should be 
expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year 
from the date of classification.
When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving loss of control of a 
subsidiary, all of the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary are classified 
as held for sale when the criteria described above are met, regardless 
of whether the Group will retain a non-controlling interest in the relevant 
subsidiary after the sale.
Non-current assets (and disposal groups) classified as held for sale are 
measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to 
sell, except for financial assets within the scope of IFRS 9 and deferred tax 
assets which continue to be measured in accordance with the accounting 
policies as set out in respective sections.
2.4 重大會計政策（續）
持作出售非流動資產及出售組別
倘非流動資產 （及出售組別） 之賬面值
可主要通過銷售交易，而非通過持續
使用而收回，則會分類為持作出售。
此條件僅於資產或出售組別可按其現
時情況出售，出售條件僅限出售該資
產 （或出售組別） 之一般慣常條款，且
極有可能出售時，方告達成。管理層
須進行有關出售，而出售預期應可於
分類日期計起一年內合資格確認為已
完成出售。
倘本集團致力進行涉及失去附屬公司
控制權之出售計劃時，假如符合上述
條件，則該附屬公司之全部資產及負
債均會分類為持作出售，而不論本集
團是否將於出售後保留其於相關附屬
公司之非控股權益。
分類為持作出售的非流動資產 （及出售
組別） 乃按其賬面值與公平值減出售成
本兩者之較低者計量，惟國際財務報
告準則第 9號範圍內的金融資產及遞
延稅項資產則繼續根據相關章節所載
會計政策計量除外。


===== PAGE 212 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
211
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATIONS
The preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements requires 
management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect 
the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and 
their accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. 
Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in 
outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts 
of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.
Estimation uncertainty
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of 
estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that have a 
significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of 
assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.
Impairment of goodwill
The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual 
basis. This requires an estimation of the value in use of the CGUs to which 
the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in use requires the Group to 
make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the CGUs and 
also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present 
value of those cash flows. The carrying amount of goodwill at 31 December 
2024 was RMB143,325,000 (2023: RMB29,101,000). Further details are set 
out in note 16.
Impairment of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets
The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all 
property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets at the end of each 
reporting period. Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets 
with finite useful lives are tested for impairment when there are indicators 
that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists 
when the carrying value of an asset or a CGU exceeds its recoverable 
amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its 
value in use. The carrying amounts of non-financial assets with finite useful 
lives are disclosed in notes 14 and 15.
3. 重大會計判斷及估計
編製本集團的綜合財務報表時，管理
層須作出會影響所呈報收入、開支、
資產與負債的金額及其隨附之披露以
及或然負債披露的判斷、估計及假設。
有關該等假設及估計的不明朗因素可
能導致日後須對受影響資產或負債的
賬面值作出重大調整。
估計不確定因素
有關未來之主要假設以及其他於報告
期末會為下一個財政年度資產與負債
賬面值帶來重大調整風險之主要估計
不確定因素概述如下。
商譽減值
本集團至少每年釐定一次商譽是否存
在減值。釐定商譽是否減值須對獲分
配商譽之現金產生單位之使用價值作
出估計。本集團就使用價值之估計須
對來自現金產生單位之預期未來現金
流量進行估算，並選擇適當之貼現率
以計算該等現金流量之現值。於二零
二四年十二月三十一日之商譽賬面值
為人民幣 143,325,000元 （二零二三年：
人民幣29,101,000 元） 。進一步詳情載
於財務報表附註 16。
物業、廠房及設備以及使用權資產減值
本集團於各報告期末評估所有物業、
廠房及設備以及使用權資產有否任何
減值跡象。於有跡象顯示賬面值可能
無法收回時會對可使用年期有限的物
業、廠房及設備以及使用權資產進行
減值檢測。倘資產或現金產生單位的
賬面值超逾其可收回金額 （即其公平值
減出售成本與其使用價值的較高者） ，
則視為已減值。可使用年期有限的非
金融資產的賬面值於附註 14和 15披露。 


===== PAGE 213 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
212
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATIONS 
(Continued)
Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
Provision for medical dispute claims
The Group may be subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in 
the ordinary course of business, which primarily include medical dispute 
claims brought by the former patients. Provision for medical dispute claims 
is made based on the status of potential and active claims outstanding 
at the end of each year, and taking into consideration the assessment 
and analysis of external experts and the total claim exposure. Where it 
is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or 
the amount cannot be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a 
contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is 
remote.
A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events 
and whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-
occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the 
control of the Group. As at 31 December 2024, the Group had contingent 
liabilities arising from medical disputes of RMB14,292,000 (2023: 
RMB13,949,000).
The situation is closely monitored by the directors of the Company and 
provision will be made as appropriate. Where the final actual claims are 
greater than expected, a material dispute claims expense may arise, 
which would be recognised in profit or loss for the period in which such a 
claim takes place. The provision for certain medical dispute claims at 31 
December 2024 was RMB2,885,000 (2023: RMB1,222,000). Further details 
are set out in note 23.
3. 重大會計判斷及估計（續） 
估計不確定因素（續）
醫療糾紛索賠撥備
本集團可能面臨日常業務過程中產生
的法律訴訟及索賠，主要包括前病人
提出的醫療糾紛索賠。醫療糾紛索賠
的撥備是根據每年年底潛在及未了結
索賠而作出，並考慮到外聘專家的評
估和分析及索賠總額。如果可能不需
要經濟利益流出或無法靠估計該金額，
則將有關責任披露為或然負債，除非
經濟利益流出的可能性極低。
或然負債為過往事件產生的可能責任，
或然負債是否存在將僅透過發生或不
發生並非全部屬於本集團控制範圍內
的一項或更多不確定的未來事件所確
認。於二零二四年十二月三十一日，
本集團因醫療糾紛產生的或然負債為
人民幣 14,292,000元 （二零二三年：人
民幣 13,949,000元 ）。
本公司董事密切監控相關情況及將會
適時作出撥備。倘最終實際索賠高於
預期，則可能產生重大糾紛索賠開支，
而這可能於有關索賠發生期間的損益
內確認。於二零二四年十二月三十一
日，若干醫療糾紛索賠的撥備為約人
民幣2,885,000 元 （二零二三年：人民
幣 1,222,000元） 。進一步詳情載於附註
23。


===== PAGE 214 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
213
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATIONS 
(Continued)
Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
Estimated allowance for inventories
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The 
Group regularly reviews its inventory levels in order to identify slow-moving 
and obsolete inventories. When the Group identifies items of inventories 
which have a net realisable value that is lower than its carrying amount, the 
Group estimates the amount of write-down of inventories as allowance for 
inventories. If the net realisable value of inventories of the Group becomes 
lower than its carrying amount subsequently, additional allowance may 
be required. The carrying amount of inventories at 31 December 2024 was 
approximately RMB66,441,000 (2023: RMB71,975,000).
Provision for ECL for accounts and other receivables
The Group collectively assesses ECLs for accounts and other receivables, 
except for certain credit-impaired debtors which are assessed for 
ECLs individually. The measurement of ECL under IFRS 9 for the Group’s 
accounts and other receivables requires judgement on, in particular, the 
estimation of the amount and timing of future cash flows when determining 
impairment losses and the assessment of any significant increase in 
credit risk. These estimates are driven by a number of factors, where 
the change of the factors which result in different levels of allowances, a 
lower/higher impairment loss may arise. The Group uses an assessment 
of both the current and forecast general economic conditions to estimate 
the probability of default, the loss given default and the impact on the 
forward-looking information. At the end of each reporting period, the 
Group assesses whether there has been a significant increase in credit 
risk for exposures since initial recognition by comparing the risk of default 
occurring over the expected life between the reporting date and the date 
of initial recognition. The Group considers reasonable, supportable and 
available information that is relevant and available without undue cost or 
effort for this purpose. This includes quantitative and qualitative information 
and also forward-looking analysis.
The information about the ECLs on the Group’s accounts and other 
receivables is set out in note 39(iii).
3. 重大會計判斷及估計（續） 
估計不確定因素（續）
存貨的估計撥備
存貨按成本與可變現淨值兩者較低者
計價。本集團定期檢討其存貨水平，
以辨別滯銷及陳舊存貨。當本集團發
現存貨項目的可變現淨值低於其賬
面值時，本集團估計撇減存貨的數目
以作出存貨撥備。倘其後本集團的存
貨可變現淨值低於其賬面值，可能須
計提額外撥備。於二零二四年十二
月三十一日，存貨的賬面值為約人民
幣 66,441,000元 （二零二三年：人民幣
71,975,000元 ）。
應收賬款及其他應收款項的預期信貸
虧損撥備
本集團共同評估賬款及其他應收款項
的預期信貸虧損，但個別評估預期信
貸虧損的若干信貸減值應收賬款除外。
根據國際財務報告準則第 9號計量本
集團應收賬款及其他應收款項的預期
信貸虧損時，尤其需要在釐定減值虧
損時對未來現金流量的金額及時間作
出估計，以及評估任何信貸風險的重
大增加。該等估計是由多個因素所驅
動，其中導致不同撥備水平的因素改
變，可能會出現較低╱較高的減值虧
損。本集團使用其對當前及預測的一
般經濟狀況的評估，估計違約的可能
性、違約造成的損失以及對前瞻性資
料的影響。於各報告期末，本集團通
過比較報告日期與首次確認日期之間
預期年限內發生的違約風險，評估自
首次確認以來風險敞口的信貸風險是
否大幅增加。本集團就此考慮相關及
無需過多成本或精力即可獲得的合理
可作依據的可得資料。這包括定量及
定性資料，亦包括前瞻性分析。
有關本集團應收賬款及其他應收款項
的預期信貸虧損撥備的資料載於附註
39(iii)。


===== PAGE 215 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
214
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
Information reported to the executive directors of the Company, being the 
chief operating decision maker (the “CODM”), for the purposes of resource 
allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on the types 
of services provided.
During the year, the Group commenced the business engaging in provision 
of haemodialysis services along with the acquisition of Dongguan Kanghua 
Haemodialysis Healthcare Investment Management Co., Ltd. (“Kanghua 
Haemodialysis”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Kanghua 
Haemodialysis Group”) (as detailed in note 35(i)), and it is considered as a 
new operating and reportable segment by the CODM.
For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units 
based on their products and services and has four (2023: three) reportable 
operating segments as follows:
(a) Hospital services: Provision of hospital services including: 
(i) inpatient healthcare services which 
generally refer to the treatment of patients 
who are hospitalised overnight or for an 
indeterminate period of time; (ii) outpatient 
healthcare services generally refer to the 
treatment of patients who are hospitalised 
for less than 24 hours; and (iii) physical 
examination services which generally refer 
to the clinical examination of individuals 
for signs of diseases and health advisory 
services.
(b) Rehabilitation and 
other healthcare 
services:
Provision of rehabilitation services generally 
refers to the provision of special care 
services to patients with permanent or 
long-term physical or mental disabilities. 
Other healthcare services include elderly 
healthcare and training services for the 
disabled.
(c) Haemodialysis  
services:
Provision of haemodialysis services generally 
refers to treatments that replicate kidney’s 
function to remove wastes in blood for 
patients with kidney disease or failure.
(d) Elderly healthcare 
services:
Provision of elderly healthcare services, 
including assisted living, adult daycare, long-
term care, residential care and hospice care 
to the aged patients.
These operating segments also represent the Group’s reportable segments. 
No operating segments identified by the CODM have been aggregated in 
arriving at the reportable segments of the Group.
4. 經營分部資料
為進行資源分配及評估分部表現而向
本公司執行董事 （即主要經營決策者
（ 「主要經營決策者」 ） ） 提供的資料側重
於所提供服務的類型。
於本年度，本集團透過收購東莞康華
血液透析醫療投資管理有限公司 （ 「康
華血液透析」 ） 及其附屬公司 （統稱 「康
華血液透析集團」 ） 開始從事提供血液
透析服務業務 （詳情見附註35(i)）， 並
獲主要經營決策者視作一個新的經營
及可呈報分部。
就管理而言，本集團根據產品及服務
劃分業務單位，並有以下四個 （二零
二三年：三個） 可呈報經營分部：
(a) 醫院 
服務：
提供的醫院服務包括：
(i)住院醫療服務，一般
指為過夜或不定時入
院的病人提供治療； (ii)
門診醫療服務，一般
指為入院少於24 小時
的病人提供治療；及(iii)
體檢服務，一般指為
個人提供有關疾病徵
兆的臨床檢驗及保健
諮詢服務。
(b) 康復及 
其他 
醫療 
服務：
提供康復服務一般指
向永久或長期身體或
精神殘疾的患者提供
特殊護理服務。其他
醫療服務包括老年護
理及殘疾人士訓練服
務。
(c) 血液透析
服務：
提供血液透析服務一
般指為腎病或腎衰竭
患者複製腎臟功能以
清除血液中廢物的治
療。
(d) 老年醫療
服務：
提供老年醫療服務，
包括生活輔助、成人
日托、長期護理、住
院護理及老年病人的
臨終關懷。
該等經營分部亦代表本集團的可呈報
分部。於釐定本集團的可呈報分部時，
概無合併主要經營決策者確定的經營
分部。


===== PAGE 216 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
215
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
Segment revenues and results
The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating 
segments:
Year ended 31 December 2024
Hospital 
services
醫院服務
Rehabilitation 
and other 
healthcare 
services
康復及其他
醫療服務
Haemodialysis 
services
血液透析服務
Elderly 
healthcare 
services
老年醫療服務
Total
總計
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Segment revenue 分部收益
External sales 外部銷售 1,838,532 128,449 75,770 12,919 2,055,670
Segment profit 分部溢利 288,747 26,672 1,442 5,012 321,873
Other income 其他收入 53,521
Other expenses, gains and  
losses, net
其他開支、收益及虧損
淨額 (7,333)
Net provision for impairment  
losses under the expected credit  
loss model
預期信貸虧損模式  
項下之減值虧損  
撥備淨額 (4,277)
Administrative expenses 行政開支 (277,102)
Finance costs 融資成本 (23,627)
Profit before taxation 除稅前溢利 63,055
4. 經營分部資料（續）
分部收益及業績
以下為按經營分部劃分的本集團收益
及業績分析：
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日  
止年度


===== PAGE 217 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
216
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
Segment revenues and results (Continued)
Year ended 31 December 2023
Hospital 
services
醫院服務
Rehabilitation 
and other 
healthcare 
services
康復及其他
醫療服務
Elderly 
healthcare 
services
老年醫療服務
Total
總計
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Segment revenue 分部收益
External sales 外部銷售 1,887,888 141,243 12,727 2,041,858
Segment profit 分部溢利 333,073 26,819 4,478 364,370
Other income 其他收入 46,279
Other expenses, gains and  
losses, net
其他開支、收益及虧損
淨額 (6)
Net provision for impairment  
losses under the expected credit  
loss model
預期信貸虧損模式  
項下之減值虧損  
撥備淨額 (2,768)
Administrative expenses 行政開支 (242,391)
Finance costs 融資成本 (12,055)
Profit before taxation 除稅前溢利 153,429
There were no inter-segment sales during both years.
4. 經營分部資料（續）
分部收益及業績（續）
截至二零二三年十二月三十一日  
止年度
於兩個年度並無分部間銷售。


===== PAGE 218 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
217
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as 
the Group’s accounting policies described in note 2.4. Segment profit 
represents the profit earned by each segment without allocation of other 
income, other expenses, gains and losses, net, net provision for impairment 
losses under the expected credit loss model, administrative expenses and 
finance costs. This is the information reported to the CODM for the purposes 
of resource allocation and performance assessment.
Except as disclosed above, no other amounts are regularly provided to the 
CODM of the Group and therefore, no further analysis is presented.
Segment assets and liabilities
The CODM makes decisions according to the operating results of each 
segment. No analysis of segment assets and segment liabilities is 
presented as the CODM does not regularly review such information for the 
purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment. Therefore, 
only segment revenue and segment results are presented.
Geographical information and information about major customers
All revenues are generated in the PRC where almost all of the non-current 
assets of the Group are located. The Group has a highly diversified patient 
portfolio. No single patient contributed over 10% to the Group’s total revenue 
during both years.
4. 經營分部資料（續）
經營分部的會計政策與附註 2.4所述本
集團會計政策相同。分部溢利指各分
部所賺取的溢利，而並無分配其他收
入、其他開支、收益及虧損淨額、預
期信貸虧損模式項下之減值虧損撥備
淨額、行政開支及融資成本。此乃本
集團就資源分配及表現評估而呈報予
主要經營決策者的資料。
除上文所披露者外，並無其他金額定
期提供予本集團主要經營決策者，故
並無呈列進一步分析。
分部資產及負債
主要經營決策者根據各分部的經營業
績作出決策。並無呈列分部資產及分
部負債分析，因為主要經營決策者就
資源分配及表現評估而言並不定期審
閱該等資料。因此，僅呈列分部收益
及分部業績。
地理資料及有關主要客戶的資料
所有收益均來自中國，而本集團幾乎
所有非流動資產位於中國。本集團的
病人組合高度分散。並無單一病人於
兩個年度對本集團總收益貢獻10%以上。


===== PAGE 219 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
218
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
5. REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME
Revenue from contracts with customers
An analysis of revenue is as follows:
(a) Disaggregated revenue information
The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue from contracts 
with external customers by operating segments:
Year ended 31 December 2024
Hospital 
services
醫院服務
Rehabilitation 
and other 
healthcare 
services
康復及其他
醫療服務
Haemodialysis
services
血液透析服務
Elderly 
healthcare 
services
老年醫療服務
Total
總計
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Types of goods or services 貨品或服務類型
Hospital services: 醫院服務：
– Inpatient healthcare services －住院醫療服務 1,086,353 – – – 1,086,353
– Outpatient healthcare services －門診醫療服務 644,936 – – – 644,936
– Physical examination services －體檢服務 107,243 – – – 107,243
1,838,532 – – – 1,838,532
Rehabilitation and other healthcare 
services:
康復及其他醫療  
服務：
– Rehabilitation hospital and  
other healthcare services
－康復醫院及其他
醫療服務 – 54,350 – – 54,350
– Rehabilitation centre services and 
other services
－康復中心服務及  
其他服務 – 74,099 – – 74,099
– 128,449 – – 128,449
Haemodialysis services 血液透析服務 – – 75,770 – 75,770
Elderly healthcare services 老年醫療服務 – – – 12,919 12,919
1,838,532 128,449 75,770 12,919 2,055,670
Timing of revenue recognition 收益確認時間
Services transferred overtime 已轉移服務隨時間 1,838,532 128,449 75,770 12,919 2,055,670
5. 收益及其他收入
客戶合約收益
收益分析如下：
(a) 分拆收益資料
以下為本集團按經營分部劃分的
外部客戶合約收益分析：
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日
止年度


===== PAGE 220 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
219
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
5. REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME (Continued)
Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
(a) Disaggregated revenue information (Continued)
Year ended 31 December 2023
Hospital 
services
醫院服務
Rehabilitation 
and other 
healthcare 
services
康復及其他
醫療服務
Elderly 
healthcare 
services
老年醫療服務
Total
總計
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Types of goods or services 貨品或服務類型
Hospital services: 醫院服務：
– Inpatient healthcare services －住院醫療服務 1,079,614 – – 1,079,614
– Outpatient healthcare services －門診醫療服務 655,978 – – 655,978
– Physical examination services －體檢服務 152,296 – – 152,296
1,887,888 – – 1,887,888
Rehabilitation and other healthcare 
services:
康復及其他醫療  
服務：
– Rehabilitation hospital and  
other healthcare services
－康復醫院及其他
醫療服務 – 73,868 – 73,868
– Rehabilitation centre services and 
other services
－康復中心服務及  
其他服務 – 67,375 – 67,375
– 141,243 – 141,243
Elderly healthcare services 老年醫療服務 – – 12,727 12,727
1,887,888 141,243 12,727 2,041,858
Timing of revenue recognition 收益確認時間
Services transferred overtime 已轉移服務隨時間 1,887,888 141,243 12,727 2,041,858
5. 收益及其他收入（續）
客戶合約收益（續）
(a) 分拆收益資料（續）
截至二零二三年十二月三十一日
止年度


===== PAGE 221 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
220
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
5. REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME (Continued)
Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
(a) Disaggregated revenue information (Continued)
The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised for the 
year that were included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of 
the year:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Hospital services 醫院服務 49,052 42,769
Rehabilitation and other healthcare 
services
康復及其他醫療服務
1,323 63
Elderly healthcare services 老年醫療服務 – 129
50,375 42,961
(b) Performance obligations
Information about the Group’s performance obligations is 
summarised below:
Provision of hospital services, provision of rehabilitation and other 
healthcare services, provision of haemodialysis services and 
provision of elderly healthcare services
The Group provides hospital services, rehabilitation and other 
healthcare services, haemodialysis services and elderly healthcare 
services. The performance obligation represents the provision of 
these services, which is satisfied when these services are rendered. 
Such services are recognised as a performance obligation satisfied 
over time as the Group is entitled to receive its service income 
according to the relevant operating performance from the patients 
and the patients simultaneously receive and consume the benefits 
provided by the Group’s performance as the Group performs.
All hospital services, rehabilitation and other healthcare services, 
haemodialysis services and elderly healthcare services are 
for periods of one year or less. As permitted under IFRS 15, the 
transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations 
for contracts is not disclosed.
5. 收益及其他收入（續）
客戶合約收益（續）
(a) 分拆收益資料（續）
下表載列計入年初合約負債的年
內已確認收益金額：
(b) 履約責任
有關本集團履約責任的資料概述
如下：
提供醫院服務、提供康復及其他
醫療服務、提供血液透析服務及
提供老年醫療服務
本集團提供醫院服務、康復及其
他醫療服務、血液透析服務及老
年醫療服務。履約責任指提供該
等服務，並於提供該等服務時予
以滿足。由於本集團有權根據相
關經營表現向病患收取其服務收
入，而病患同時收取及消耗本集
團履約表現所提供的利益，故此
等服務確認為隨時間而履行的履
約責任。
所有醫院服務、康復及其他醫療
服務、血液透析服務及老年醫療
服務的期限為一年或更短。根據
國際財務報告準則第15 號的規
定，未披露分配至合約的剩餘履
約義務的交易價格。


===== PAGE 222 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
221
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
5. REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME (Continued)
Other income
An analysis of other income is as follows:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
Notes RMB’000 RMB’000
附註 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Government subsidies 政府補貼 i 5,417 2,275
Investment income from financial assets 
at fair value through profit or loss
按公平值計入損益的金融  
資產的投資收入 ii 7,797 12,092
Clinical trial and related income 臨床試驗及相關收入 19,488 13,246
Fixed operating lease income 固定經營租賃收入 4,391 3,877
Bank and other interest income 銀行及其他利息收入 6,000 4,918
Local health service income 當地健康服務收入 2,696 2,618
Others 其他 7,732 7,253
53,521 46,279
Notes:
(i) The government subsidies mainly represent subsidies on costs incurred for 
operation of rehabilitation centres and hospitals, research and development 
projects, medical related seminars and other subsidies with no unfulfilled 
conditions attached.
(ii) The amount represents investment income mainly in the form of dividend 
income or interest income from financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss.
5. 收益及其他收入（續）
其他收入
其他收入分析如下：
附註：
(i) 政府補貼主要指無附帶未履行條件
的康復中心及醫院的運營、 研發項目、
醫療相關講座產生的成本的補貼以
及其他相關補貼。
(ii) 該金額指主要以按公平值計入損益
的金融資產的股息收入或利息收入
形式的投資收入。


===== PAGE 223 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
222
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
6. 其他開支、收益及虧損淨額
7. 融資成本
融資成本的分析如下：
資本化借款成本指附屬公司於年內專
門就在建工程所籌集的借款產生的借
款成本。
附註： 利息開支來自截至二零二四年
十二月三十一日止年度提取及悉
數結清的應付直接控股公司款項。
6. OTHER EXPENSES, GAINS AND LOSSES, NET
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Fair value loss on financial assets  
at fair value through profit or loss
按公平值計入損益的金融資產  
公平值虧損 (9,400) (882)
Net exchange gain 匯兌收益淨額 2,504 1,126
Loss on disposal of property, plant and 
equipment
出售物業、廠房及設備的虧損
(350) (190)
Donations 捐款 (87) (60)
(7,333) (6)
7. FINANCE COSTS
An analysis of finance costs is as follows:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Interest on bank loans 銀行貸款利息 9,563 14,627
Interest on amount due to immediate  
holding company (Note)
應付直接控股公司  
款項利息 （附註） 3,084 –
Interest on lease liabilities 租賃負債利息 7,171 7,543
Other finance charge 其他財務支出 11,680 2,646
31,498 24,816
Less: Amount capitalised in property, plant  
 and equipment
減： 於物業、廠房及設備  
 資本化的金額 (7,871) (12,761)
23,627 12,055
The capitalised borrowing costs represent the borrowing costs incurred 
by a subsidiary on borrowings raised specifically for the construction in 
progress during the year.
Note: The interest expense was arising from amount due to immediate holding 
company which was drawn and fully settled during the year ended 31 
December 2024.


===== PAGE 224 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
223
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
8. PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
The Group’s profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Directors’ emoluments (note 9) 董事酬金 （附註9） 3,625 2,493
Other staff costs#: 其他員工成本 #：
Supervisors’ emoluments (note 9) 監事酬金 （附註9） 890 749
Other salaries, allowances and bonus 其他薪金、津貼及花紅 641,948 593,773
Retirement benefit scheme contributions 
(defined contribution scheme)
退休福利計劃供款  
（界定供款計劃） 44,657 38,056
Total staff costs 員工總成本 691,120 635,071
Cost of inventories recognised as expenses 
(representing pharmaceutical products, 
consumables and others used)#
確認為開支的存貨成本  
（指所用藥品、耗材及其他）#
872,838 882,911
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment# 物業、廠房及設備折舊 # 106,683 106,914
Depreciation of right-of-use assets# 使用權資產折舊 # 43,172 36,165
Research and development expenditure 研發開支 834 589
Short-term lease expenses 短期租賃開支 1,894 1,639
Variable lease rentals in respect of hospitals# 與醫院有關的可變租賃租金 # 14,823 13,425
Auditor’s remuneration 核數師酬金 1,650 1,750
# The cost of revenue for the year amounted to RMB1,733,797,000 (2023: 
RMB1,677,488,000), mainly included cost of inventories of RMB872,838,000 
(2023: RMB882,911,000), depreciation of property, plant and equipment of 
RMB80,788,000 (2023: RMB84,161,000), depreciation of right-of-use assets of 
RMB30,150,000 (2023: RMB23,234,000), variable lease rentals of 10,509,000 
(2023: RMB8,384,000) and other staff costs of RMB588,022,000 (2023: 
RMB547,324,000).
8. 除稅前溢利
本集團之除稅前溢利經扣除下列項目
後達致：
# 年內收入成本達人民幣 1,733,797,000
元 （二零二三年：人民幣1,677,488,000
元） ，主要包括存貨成本人民幣
872,838,000元 （二零二三年：人民幣
882,911,000 元） 、物業、廠房及設備
折舊人民幣80,788,000 元 （二零二三
年：人民幣 84,161,000 元） 、使用權
資產折舊人民幣30,150,000 元（ 二 零
二三年：人民幣 23,234,000 元） 、可
變租賃租金人民幣10,509,000 元（ 二
零二三年：人民幣 8,384,000元 ）及 其
他員工成本人民幣 588,022,000元（ 二
零二三年：人民幣 547,324,000元 ）。


===== PAGE 225 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
224
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
9. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’ 
EMOLUMENTS
Mr. Wang Junyang, Mr. Chen Wangzhi, Mr. Wong Wai Hung, Ms. Wang 
Aiqin and Mr. Lv Yubo are the directors of the Company for both years. Mr. 
Chen Wangzhi is also the chief executive of the Group and his emoluments 
disclosed below include those for services rendered by him as the chief 
executive.
Mr. Yeung Ming Lai, Dr. Chen Keji and Mr. Chan Sing Nun are the 
independent non-executive directors of the Company for both years.
Executive directors’, non-executive director’s, independent non-executive 
directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments for the year, disclosed pursuant 
to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong 
Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of 
Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:
Fees
袍金
Salaries and 
allowances
薪金及
津貼
Performance 
related 
bonuses
表現相關獎金
Retirement
benefit
scheme
contributions
退休福利
計劃供款
Total
總計
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Year ended 31 December 2024 截至二零二四年十二月
三十一日止年度
Executive directors: 執行董事：
Mr. Wang Junyang 王君揚先生 180 – – – 180
Mr. Chen Wangzhi 陳旺枝先生 180 1,260 539 33 2,012
Mr. Wong Wai Hung 王偉雄先生 180 577 – 14 771
Ms. Wang Aiqin 王愛勤女士 180 120 – 2 302
Non-executive director: 非執行董事：
Mr. Lv Yubo 呂玉波先生 – – – – –
Independent non-executive directors: 獨立非執行董事：
Mr. Yeung Ming Lai 楊銘澧先生 120 – – – 120
Dr. Chen Keji 陳可冀醫生 120 – – – 120
Mr. Chan Sing Nun 陳星能先生 120 – – – 120
Directors’ emoluments 董事酬金 1,080 1,957 539 49 3,625
Supervisors: 監事：
Mr. Chen Shaoming 陳少明先生 – – – – –
Mr. Wang Shaofeng 王少鋒先生 – 140 94 16 250
Mr. Yue Chunyang 岳春陽先生 – 315 301 24 640
Supervisors’ emoluments 監事酬金 – 455 395 40 890
1,080 2,412 934 89 4,515
9. 董事、行政總裁及監事酬金
於兩個年度， 王君揚先生、 陳旺枝先生、
王偉雄先生、王愛勤女士及呂玉波先
生為本公司董事。陳旺枝先生亦為本
集團的行政總裁，下文所披露彼的酬
金包括彼作為行政總裁所提供服務的
酬金。
於兩個年度，楊銘澧先生、陳可冀醫
生及陳星能先生為本公司獨立非執行
董事。
根據香港上市規則、香港公司條例第
383(1)(a)、(b)、(c)及 (f)條及公司 （披露董
事利益資料） 規例第2部，本年度執行
董事、非執行董事、獨立非執行董事
及監事酬金披露如下：


===== PAGE 226 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
225
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
9. DIRECTORS’ CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’ 
EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
Fees
袍金
Salaries and 
allowances
薪金及
津貼
Performance 
related 
bonuses
表現相關獎金
Retirement
benefit
scheme
contributions
退休福利
計劃供款
Total
總計
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Year ended 31 December 2023 截至二零二三年十二月
三十一日止年度
Executive directors: 執行董事：
Mr. Wang Junyang 王君揚先生 180 – – – 180
Mr. Chen Wangzhi 陳旺枝先生 180 1,260 – 30 1,470
Mr. Wong Wai Hung 王偉雄先生 180 – – – 180
Ms. Wang Aiqin 王愛勤女士 180 120 – 3 303
Non-executive director: 非執行董事：
Mr. Lv Yubo 呂玉波先生 – – – – –
Independent non-executive directors: 獨立非執行董事：
Mr. Yeung Ming Lai 楊銘澧先生 120 – – – 120
Dr. Chen Keji 陳可冀醫生 120 – – – 120
Mr. Chan Sing Nun 陳星能先生 120 – – – 120
Directors’ emoluments 董事酬金 1,080 1,380 – 33 2,493
Supervisors: 監事：
Mr. Chen Shaoming 陳少明先生 – – – – –
Mr. Wang Shaofeng 王少鋒先生 – 141 70 15 226
Mr. Yue Chunyang 岳春陽先生 – 315 185 23 523
Supervisors’ emoluments 監事酬金 – 456 255 38 749
1,080 1,836 255 71 3,242
The executive directors’ emoluments shown above are for their services in 
connection with the management of the affairs of the Company and the 
Group.
The non-executive director’s and independent non-executive directors’ 
emoluments shown above are for their services as directors of the 
Company. There were no other emoluments payable to the independent 
non-executive directors during the year (2023: Nil).
Mr. Lv Yubo has waived emoluments in acting as a non-executive director 
of the Company during both years. No other director of the Company has 
waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during both years.
9. 董事、行政總裁及監事酬金（續） 
上文所示執行董事的酬金乃就其管理
本公司及本集團事務提供的服務而支付。
上文所示非執行董事及獨立非執行董
事的酬金乃就其作為本公司董事提供
的服務而支付。年內，概無其他應付
獨立非執行董事的酬金 （二零二三年：
無 ）。
呂玉波先生已於兩個年度放棄作為本
公司非執行董事的酬金。於兩個年度
本公司無其他董事放棄或同意放棄任
何酬金。


===== PAGE 227 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
226
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
10. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
The five highest paid employees during the year included one director (2023: 
one director), details of whose remuneration are set out in note 9 above. 
Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining four (2023: four) 
highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of 
the Company are as follows:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Salaries and allowances 薪金及津貼 2,841 3,235
Performance related bonuses 表現相關獎金 3,680 2,075
Retirement benefit scheme contributions 退休福利計劃供款 11 26
6,532 5,336
The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid 
employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands is as 
follows:
Number of employees
僱員人數
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
Hong Kong Dollar (“HK$”) 1,000,001 to 
HK$1,500,000
1,000,001港 元（「 港 元 」）至 
1,500,000港元 2 3
HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000 1,500,001港元至 2,000,000港元 1 1
HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000 2,000,001港元至 2,500,000港元 1 –
No emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors of the Company or 
the five highest paid individuals (including directors and employees) as an 
inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss 
of office for both years.
10. 五名最高薪酬僱員
年內，五名最高薪酬僱員包括一名董
事 （二零二三年：一名董事） ，其薪酬
詳情載於上文附註 9。年內，餘下四名
（二零二三年：四名） 既不是本公司董
事亦非最高行政人員的最高薪酬僱員
的薪酬詳情如下：
薪酬介乎以下範圍的非董事及非執行
總裁的最高薪酬僱員人數如下：
於兩個年度，本集團並無向本公司董
事或五名最高薪酬人士 （包括董事及僱
員） 支付酬金作為吸引彼等加入本集團
或加入本集團時的報酬或作為離職補償。


===== PAGE 228 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
227
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and the 
Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, a subsidiary which operates 
in Mainland China is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 25% 
on the taxable income for both years. Certain subsidiaries of the Group 
in Mainland China are regarded as “small and micro enterprises” and, 
accordingly, were entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 5.0% (2023: 
5.0%) for the year.
Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime of Hong Kong Profits Tax, the 
first HK$2,000,000 of profits of the qualifying group entity are taxed at 8.25% 
and profits above HK$2,000,000 are taxed at 16.5%. The profits of group 
entities not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime are taxed at 
a flat rate of 16.5%.
Accordingly, the Hong Kong Profits Tax for the qualifying group entity 
is calculated at 8.25% on the first HK$2,000,000 of the estimated 
assessable profits and at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits above 
HK$2,000,000. Hong Kong Profits Tax has not been provided as the Group 
did not generate any assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during the 
year ended 31 December 2024.
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) 中國企業所得稅 （ 「企業所得稅」 ）
Current tax 即期稅項 51,369 60,113
Under provision in prior years 過往年度撥備不足 8 133
51,377 60,246
Hong Kong Profits Tax 香港利得稅
Current tax 即期稅項 – 5
Under provision in prior years 過往年度撥備不足 – 10
– 15
Deferred tax charge (note 26) 遞延稅項支出 （附註26） 1,205 2,145
52,582 62,406
11. 所得稅開支
根據中國企業所得稅法 （ 「企業所得稅
法」 ） 及企業所得稅法的實施條例，於
中國內地經營之附屬公司須就兩個年
度應課稅收入按稅率 25%繳納企業所
得稅。本集團於中國內地的若干附屬
公司被視為 「小微企業」 ，且因此於本
年度享有 5.0%（二零二三年： 5.0%）的
優惠所得稅率。
根據香港利得稅的利得稅兩級制，合
資格集團實體首 2,000,000港元溢利的
稅率為8.25%，而超過2,000,000 港元
溢利的稅率為 16.5%。不符合利得稅兩
級制資格的集團實體之溢利按 16.5%統
一稅率納稅。
因此，合資格集團實體首 2,000,000港
元估計應課稅溢利及 2,000,000港元以
上的估計應課稅溢利乃分別按8.25%
及 16.5%稅率計算香港利得稅。於截至
二零二四年十二月三十一日止年度，
由於本集團並無於香港產生任何應課
稅溢利，故並無計提香港利得稅撥備。


===== PAGE 229 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
228
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before taxation at 
the statutory rate for Mainland China in which the principle place of the 
business of the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled 
to the tax expense is as follows:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Profit before taxation 除稅前溢利 63,055 153,429
Tax at PRC EIT rate of 25% 按 25%的中國企業所得稅率  
徵收稅項 15,764 38,357
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 不可扣稅開支 4,147 2,576
Income not taxable for tax purposes 毋須課稅收入 (1,130) (850)
Tax losses not recognised 未確認稅項虧損 40,141 27,501
Concessionary tax rate 優惠稅率 (1,117) (1,602)
Tax effect of deductible temporary differences 
not recognised
未確認的可扣減  
暫時差額之稅務影響 274 –
Utilisation of deductible temporary differences 
previously not recognised
動用先前未確認的可扣減
暫時差額之稅務影響 – (220)
Utilisation of tax losses previously not 
recognised
動用過往未確認的稅項虧損
(5,545) (3,012)
Under-provision of EIT in prior years 過往年度企業所得稅  
撥備不足 8 133
Under-provision of Hong Kong Profits Tax 
in prior years
過往年度香港利得稅  
撥備不足 – 10
Effect of different tax rate of a subsidiary 
operating in other jurisdiction
在其他司法權區經營的附屬公司  
不同稅率之影響 (5) (13)
Others 其他 45 (474)
Income tax expense 所得稅開支 52,582 62,406
12. DIVIDEND
Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a final dividend for the year 
ended 31 December 2024 of RMB15 cents (2023: nil) per share amounting 
to approximately RMB50,159,000 (2023: nil) in aggregate has been 
proposed by the directors of the Company which is subject to approval 
by the shareholders of the Company in the forthcoming annual general 
meeting of the Company.
11. 所得稅開支（續）
採用本公司主要營業地點及大部分附
屬公司所屬地中國內地之法定稅率計
算之除稅前溢利適用之稅項開支，與
稅項開支對賬如下：
12. 股息
報告期間末後，本公司董事建議派發
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止年
度末期股息每股人民幣 15分 （二零二三
年：無） ，合共約人民幣50,159,000元
（二零二三年：無） ，須待本公司股東
於本公司應屆股東週年大會上批准。


===== PAGE 230 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
229
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
13. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE 
COMPANY
The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Earnings: 盈利：
Profit for the year attributable to owners of the 
Company for the purpose of calculating 
earnings per share
用於計算每股盈利的本公司  
擁有人應佔本年度溢利
15,337 121,062
Number of shares
股份數目
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
Number of shares: 股份數目：
Weighted average number of ordinary shares 
for the purpose of calculating basic earnings 
per share
用於計算每股基本盈利的  
普通股加權平均數
334,394,000 334,394,000
The Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during the 
years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023. The diluted earnings per share 
amount is the same as the basic earnings per share amount for the years 
ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.
13. 本公司擁有人應佔每股盈利  
每股基本盈利的計算乃基於：
截至二零二四年及二零二三年十二月
三十一日止年度，本集團並無已發行
潛在攤薄普通股。截至二零二四年及
二零二三年十二月三十一日止年度每
股攤薄盈利金額與每股基本盈利金額
相同。


===== PAGE 231 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
230
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Buildings
Leasehold 
improvement
Medical 
equipment
Office 
equipment
Motor 
vehicles
Construction
in progress Total
樓宇 租賃裝修 醫療設備 辦公設備 汽車 在建工程 總計
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
COST 成本
At 1 January 2023 於二零二三年一月一日 205,100 503,730 665,995 147,594 15,909 332,834 1,871,162
Additions 添置 – 7,906 17,536 11,508 1,526 111,070 149,546
Disposals/write-off 出售╱撇銷 – – (19,788) (2,787) (49) – (22,624)
Transfer 轉讓 – 1,404 – – – (1,404) –
At 31 December 2023 and  
1 January 2024
於二零二三年  
十二月三十一日及  
二零二四年一月一日 205,100 513,040 663,743 156,315 17,386 442,500 1,998,084
Acquisition of subsidiaries 
(note 35)
收購附屬公司 （附註35）
– 16,377 13,955 587 – – 30,919
Additions 添置 – 2,922 43,824 13,630 36 48,425 108,837
Disposals/write-off 出售╱撇銷 – – (16,302) (2,587) (608) – (19,497)
Transfer 轉讓 136,171 6,500 – – – (142,671) –
Reclassified as held for sale 
(note 17)
重新分類為持作出售
（附註 17） – – (87,705) (16,526) (2,103) – (106,334)
At 31 December 2024 於二零二四年  
十二月三十一日 341,271 538,839 617,515 151,419 14,711 348,254 2,012,009
ACCUMULATED 
DEPRECIATION
累計折舊
At 1 January 2023 於二零二三年一月一日 23,478 173,172 474,185 102,081 12,413 – 785,329
Provided during the year 年內撥備 4,873 28,907 58,917 12,663 1,554 – 106,914
Write-back of depreciation 
upon disposals/write-off
於出售╱撇銷時的折舊  
回撥 – – (19,601) (2,625) (49) – (22,275)
At 31 December 2023 and  
1 January 2024
於二零二三年  
十二月三十一日及  
二零二四年一月一日 28,351 202,079 513,501 112,119 13,918 – 869,968
Provided during the year 年內撥備 5,759 31,690 53,843 14,344 1,047 – 106,683
Write-back of depreciation 
upon disposals/write-off
於出售╱撇銷時的折舊  
回撥 – – (16,020) (2,442) (605) – (19,067)
Reclassified as held for sale 
(note 17)
重新分類為持作出售
（附註 17） – – (75,617) (11,545) (2,099) – (89,261)
At 31 December 2024 於二零二四年  
十二月三十一日 34,110 233,769 475,707 112,476 12,261 – 868,323
NET CARRYING AMOUNT 賬面淨值
At 31 December 2024 於二零二四年  
十二月三十一日 307,161 305,070 141,808 38,943 2,450 348,254 1,143,686
At 31 December 2023 於二零二三年  
十二月三十一日 176,749 310,961 150,242 44,196 3,468 442,500 1,128,116
14. 物業、廠房及設備


===== PAGE 232 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
231
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
Additions to construction in progress included interest expense of 
RMB7,871,000 (2023: RMB12,761,000) that was incurred and capitalised 
during the year.
As at 31 December 2023, the net carrying amount of the Group’s property, 
plant and equipment held under a sales and leaseback arrangement 
included in medical equipment was RMB14,387,000 with further details set 
out in note 25(c).
Impairment assessment
During the year ended 31 December 2024, Kangxin Hospital (as defined in 
note 41) underwent a demerger conducted under the laws of the People’s 
Republic of China, pursuant to which Chongqing Kanghua Property (as 
defined in note 41) was established, as a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
the Company, to hold the land and buildings underlying the operation of 
Kangxin Hospital.
As at 31 December 2024, the management of the Group conducted 
impairment assessment on property, plant and equipment and right-
of-use assets of Chongqing Kanghua Property, which were transferred 
from Kangxin Hospital, with carrying amount of RMB519,207,000 and 
RMB134,424,000, respectively, due to loss incurred for the year. The Group 
estimates the recoverable amount of the relevant assets based on the 
higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use by reference to 
a valuation report prepared by an independent professional valuer. The 
carrying amount of the relevant assets does not exceed the recoverable 
amount based on their fair value less costs of disposal and no impairment 
has been recognised.
As at 31 December 2023, the management of the Group conducted 
impairment assessment on the property, plant and equipment and right-
of-use assets before the demerger held by Kangxin Hospital with carrying 
amount of RMB530,850,000 and RMB137,406,000, respectively, due to loss 
incurred for the year. The recoverable amount has been determined based 
on a value in use calculation by reference to a valuation report prepared by 
an independent professional valuer. 
15. LEASES
The Group as a lessee
The Group has lease contracts for certain of its hospitals, office premises 
and staff quarters used in its operations. Lump sum payments were made 
upfront to acquire leasehold lands from the owners with lease periods of 
50 years and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these 
land leases. Leases for leased properties are entered into for a fixed term 
of one to twelve years, but may have variable lease payments as described 
below.
14. 物業、廠房及設備（續）
在建工程添置包括年內發生及已資本
化的利息開支人民幣 7,871,000元（ 二 零
二三年：人民幣 12,761,000元 ）。
於二零二三年十二月三十一日，本
集團於售後租回安排項下持有的物
業、廠房及設備的賬面淨值人民幣
14,387,000元已計入醫療設備，進一步
詳情載於附註 25(c)。
減值評估
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止年
度，康心醫院 （定義見附註41） 根據中
華人民共和國法律進行分立，據此，
已成立本公司的全資附屬公司重慶康
華物業 （定義見附註41） ，以持有康心
醫院經營相關的土地及樓宇。
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，本集
團管理層對重慶康華物業 （轉自康心醫
院） 賬面值分別為人民幣519,207,000元
及人民幣134,424,000 元的物業、廠房
及設備以及使用權資產進行減值評估，
乃由於年內產生虧損。本集團參考獨
立專業估值師編製的估值報告，根據
公平值減出售成本及使用價值兩者之
較高者估計相關資產的可收回金額。
相關資產的賬面值並無超出根據其公
平值減出售成本計算的可收回金額，
因此並無確認減值。
於二零二三年十二月三十一日，本集
團管理層對康心醫院持有分立前賬面
值分別為人民幣 530,850,000元及人民
幣 137,406,000 元的物業、廠房及設備
及使用權資產進行減值評估，乃由於
年內產生虧損。可收回金額已根據使
用價值計算，並參考獨立專業估值師
編製的估值報告釐定。
15. 租賃
本集團作為承租人
本集團訂有其營運所用的若干醫院、
辦公場所及員工宿舍的租賃合約。根
據該等土地租賃條款，為從業主獲得
租期為 50年的租賃土地須預先支付一
次性款項，而無需進行持續付款。租
賃物業的租約以固定期限一至十二年
訂立，但可能有下述的可變租賃付款。


===== PAGE 233 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
232
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
15. LEASES (Continued)
(a) Right-of-use assets
The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the 
movements during the year are as follows:
Leasehold
lands
租賃土地
Leasehold
land and
buildings
租賃土地及
樓宇
Total
總計
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
COST 成本
At 1 January 2023 於二零二三年一月一日 238,714 215,361 454,075
Additions 添置 – 514 514
Termination of leases 租賃終止 – (712) (712)
At 31 December 2023 and  
1 January 2024
於二零二三年  
十二月三十一日及  
二零二四年一月一日 238,714 215,163 453,877
Acquisition of subsidiaries 
(note 35)
收購附屬公司 （附註35）
– 36,143 36,143
Additions 添置 272 2,828 3,100
Termination of leases 租賃終止 – (1,342) (1,342)
At 31 December 2024 於二零二四年  
十二月三十一日 238,986 252,792 491,778
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 累計折舊
At 1 January 2023 於二零二三年一月一日 17,104 117,055 134,159
Provided for the year 年內撥備 4,949 31,216 36,165
Termination of leases 租賃終止 – (712) (712)
At 31 December 2023 and  
1 January 2024
於二零二三年  
十二月三十一日及  
二零二四年一月一日 22,053 147,559 169,612
Provided for the year 年內撥備 4,956 38,216 43,172
Termination of leases 租賃終止 – (1,153) (1,153)
At 31 December 2024 於二零二四年  
十二月三十一日 27,009 184,622 211,631
NET CARRYING AMOUNT 賬面淨值
At 31 December 2024 於二零二四年  
十二月三十一日 211,977 68,170 280,147
At 31 December 2023 於二零二三年  
十二月三十一日 216,661 67,604 284,265
For the details of the impairment assessment of the right-of-use 
assets of Chongqing Kanghua Property (2023: Kangxin Hospital), 
please refer to note 14.
15. 租賃（續）
(a) 使用權資產
年內本集團使用權資產之賬面值
及變動如下：
有關重慶康華物業 （二零二三年：
康心醫院） 的使用權資產的減值
評估詳情，請參閱附註 14。


===== PAGE 234 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
233
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
15. 租賃（續）
(a) 使用權資產
年內本集團使用權資產之賬面值
及變動如下：
有關重慶康華物業 （二零二三年：
康心醫院） 的使用權資產的減值
評估詳情，請參閱附註 14。
15. LEASES (Continued)
(b) Lease liabilities
The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during 
the year are as follows:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Carrying amount at 1 January 於一月一日之賬面值 107,757 148,985
New leases 新租賃 2,828 514
Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 35) 收購附屬公司 （附註35） 36,143 –
Interest accrued 應計利息 7,171 7,543
Early termination of lease contract 提前終止租賃合同 (221) –
Payments 付款 (62,089) (49,285)
Carrying amount at 31 December 於十二月三十一日之賬面值 91,589 107,757
Analysed into: 分析為：
Current portion 流動部分 61,257 47,212
Non-current portion 非流動部分 30,332 60,545
91,589 107,757
The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is presented below:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Lease liabilities payable: 應付租賃負債：
Within one year 一年內 61,257 47,212
Within a period of more than one year  
but not exceeding two years
一年以上但不超過兩年的  
期間內 7,864 52,911
Within a period of more than two years  
but not exceeding five years
兩年以上但不超過五年的  
期間內 12,367 6,355
Within a period of more than five years 超過五年的期間內 10,101 1,279
91,589 107,757
15. 租賃（續）
(b) 租賃負債
年內租賃負債之賬面值及變動如
下：
租賃負債之到期分析列示如下：


===== PAGE 235 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
234
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
15. LEASES (Continued)
(c) The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as 
follows:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Interest on lease liabilities 租賃負債之利息 7,171 7,543
Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets 使用權資產之折舊開支 43,172 36,165
Expenses relating to short-term leases 
(included in administrative expenses)
與短期租賃有關之開支  
（計入行政開支） 1,894 1,639
Variable lease payments not included in the 
measurement of lease liabilities (included 
in administrative expenses)
未納入租賃負債計量的可變租賃
付款 （計入行政開支）
4,314 5,041
Variable lease payments not included in the 
measurement of lease liabilities (included 
in cost of revenue)
未納入租賃負債計量的可變租賃
付款 （計入收益成本）
10,509 8,384
Gain on early termination of lease contract 
(included in other income)
提前終止租賃合約之收益  
（計入其他收入） 32 –
Total amount recognised in profit or loss 於損益確認之總金額 67,092 58,772
15. 租賃（續）
(c) 就租賃於損益確認之金額如下：


===== PAGE 236 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
235
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
15. LEASES (Continued)
(d) Variable lease payments
The Group’s lease contracts for hospitals are either with only fixed 
payments or contain variable lease payments that are based on the 
gross floor area occupied and minimum annual lease payments that 
are fixed over the lease terms. The amounts of fixed and variable 
lease payments paid/payable to relevant lessors are as follows:
Fixed
payments
Variable
payments
Total
payments
固定付款 可變付款 付款總額
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Year ended 31 December 2024 截至二零二四年  
十二月三十一日止年度
Leased properties 租賃物業
– without variable lease payments －無可變租賃付款 16,081 – 16,081
– with variable lease payments －有可變租賃付款 46,009 14,823 60,832
62,090 14,823 76,913
Year ended 31 December 2023 截至二零二三年  
十二月三十一日止年度
Leased properties 租賃物業
– without variable lease payments －無可變租賃付款 6,286 – 6,286
– with variable lease payments －有可變租賃付款 42,999 13,425 56,424
49,285 13,425 62,710
The overall financial effect of using variable payment terms is that 
higher rental costs are incurred by increasing occupation of gross 
floor area of relevant properties. Variable rental expenses are 
expected to continue to represent a similar proportion of gross floor 
area of relevant properties occupied in future years.
(e) The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in note 30(c).
15. 租賃（續）
(d) 可變租賃付款
本集團就醫院訂立的租賃合約僅
具有固定付款或包含基於所佔用
總建築面積的可變租賃付款以及
在租期內固定的最低年度租賃付
款。已付╱應付予有關出租人的
固定及可變租賃付款如下：
使用可變付款條款的整體財務影
響為相關物業總建築面積的佔用
增加產生更高的租金成本。於未
來年度，預期可變租金開支持續
佔所佔用相關物業總建築面積的
比例類似。
(e) 租賃現金流出總額於附註 30(c)披
露。


===== PAGE 237 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
236
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
15. LEASES (Continued)
The Group as a lessor
The Group leases certain of its properties under operating lease 
arrangements. Rental income recognised by the Group during the year 
was RMB4,391,000 (2023: RMB3,877,000) (see note 5).
As at 31 December 2024, the undiscounted lease payments receivable by 
the Group in future periods under non-cancellable operating leases with its 
tenants are as follows:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Within one year 一年內 101 51
After one year but within two years 一年後但兩年內 116 136
217 187
The leases of the properties with committed tenants are negotiated for 
terms ranging from one year to three years.
15. 租賃（續）
本集團作為出租人
本集團出租其於經營租賃安排項下的
若干物業。本集團於年內確認的租金
收入為人民幣4,391,000 元 （二零二三
年：人民幣 3,877,000元） （請參閱附註
5）。
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，本集
團根據與其租戶之不可撤銷經營租賃
於未來期間應收之未貼現租賃付款如
下：
與承諾租戶簽訂的物業租約經協商，
租期為 1年至 3年。


===== PAGE 238 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
237
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
16. 商譽
商譽減值檢測
為進行減值檢測，通過業務合併收購
的商譽已分配至安徽樺霖現金產生單
位及康華血液透析現金產生單位。
16. GOODWILL
RMB’000
人民幣千元
COST 成本
At 1 January 2023, 31 December 2023 and  
1 January 2024
於二零二三年一月一日、 二零二三年
十二月三十一日及二零二四年一月一日 182,013
Addition arising on acquisition of subsidiaries (note 35) 收購附屬公司時增加 （附註35） 114,224
Write-off 撇銷 (125,412)
At 31 December 2024 於二零二四年十二月三十一日 170,825
ACCUMULATED IMPAIRMENT 累計減值
At 1 January 2023, 31 December 2023 and  
1 January 2024
於二零二三年一月一日、二零二三年
十二月三十一日及二零二四年一月一日 152,912
Write-off 撇銷 (125,412)
At 31 December 2024 於二零二四年十二月三十一日 27,500
NET CARRYING AMOUNT 賬面淨值
At 31 December 2024 於二零二四年十二月三十一日 143,325
At 31 December 2023 於二零二三年十二月三十一日  29,101
Impairment testing of goodwill
Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to Anhui 
Hualin CGU and Kanghua Haemodialysis CGU for impairment testing.


===== PAGE 239 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
238
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
16. GOODWILL (Continued)
Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
The carrying amounts of goodwill allocated to these CGUs is as follows:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元  
Anhui Hualin CGU 安徽樺霖現金產生單位 29,101 29,101
Kanghua Haemodialysis CGU 康華血液透析現金產生單位 114,224 –
143,325 29,101
Anhui Hualin CGU
The recoverable amount of the Anhui Hualin CGU has been determined 
based on a value in use calculation by reference to a valuation report 
prepared by an independent professional valuer. The calculation uses cash 
flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management for 
the next five (2023: five) years. Cash flows beyond the five-year (2023: five-
year) period are extrapolated using a growth rate of 2.0% (2023: 2.2%). A 
pre-tax discount rate of 11.8% (2023: 13.4%) is used for this CGU.
Assumptions were used in the value in use calculation of the Anhui Hualin 
CGU. The following describes each key assumption on which management 
had based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of 
goodwill:
Budgeted revenue – The basis used to determine the value 
assigned to the budgeted revenue was the 
revenue achieved in the year immediately 
before the budget year, adjusted for 
expected economic conditions and market 
development.
Discount rate – The discount rate used was before tax and 
reflected specific risks relating to the Anhui 
Hualin CGU.
In the opinion of the directors of the Company, any reasonably possible 
change in any of the above assumptions would not cause the carrying 
amount of the Anhui Hualin CGU to exceed its recoverable amount.
16. 商譽（續）
商譽減值檢測（續）
分配至該等現金產生單位的商譽賬面
值如下：
安徽樺霖現金產生單位
安徽樺霖現金產生單位的可收回金額
已根據使用價值計算，並參考獨立專
業估值師編製的估值報告釐定。該計
算使用基於管理層批准的未來五年 （二
零二三年：五年） 財務預算的現金流量
預測。超過五年 （二零二三年：五年）
期的現金流量使用 2.0%（二零二三年：
2.2%） 的增長率推斷。該現金產生單位
使用 11.8%（二零二三年： 13.4%） 的稅前
折現率。
計算安徽樺霖現金產生單位的使用價
值時採用假設。下文載列管理層為進
行商譽減值檢測而預測現金流量時所
倚賴的各項關鍵假設：
預算收益 － 用於釐定分配予預算
收益的價值所採用的
基準為緊接預算年度
前一年內所實現的收
益，並就預期經濟狀
況及市場發展作出調
整。
折現率 － 所用貼現率並未扣除
稅項，並反映安徽樺
霖現金產生單位的特
定風險。
本公司董事認為，上述任何假設的任
何合理可能的變化均不會導致安徽樺
霖現金產生單位的賬面值超過其可收
回金額。


===== PAGE 240 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
239
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
16. GOODWILL (Continued)
Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
Kanghua Haemodialysis CGU
The recoverable amount of the Kanghua Haemodialysis CGU has been 
determined based on a value in use calculation by reference to a valuation 
report prepared by an independent professional valuer. The calculation 
uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by 
management for the next seven years. Management considered that 
a forecast period of seven years is appropriate because the investment 
cycle in the healthcare industry is longer than other industries and in 
consideration of the development plan of the haemodialysis centres. Cash 
flows beyond the seven-year period are extrapolated using a growth rate 
of 2%. A pre-tax discount rate of 12.6% is used for this CGU.
Assumptions were used in the value in use calculation of the Kanghua 
Haemodialysis CGU. The following describes each key assumption on 
which management had based its cash flow projections to undertake 
impairment testing of goodwill:
Budgeted revenue – The basis used to determine the value 
assigned to the budgeted revenue was the 
revenue achieved in the year immediately 
before the budget year, adjusted for 
expected economic conditions and market 
development.
Discount rate – The discount rate used was before tax and 
reflected specific risks relating to the Kanghua 
Haemodialysis CGU.
In the opinion of the directors of the Company, any reasonably possible 
change in any of the above assumptions would not cause the carrying 
amount of the Kanghua Haemodialysis CGU to exceed its recoverable 
amount.
Kangxin Hospital CGU
Due to losses incurred for consecutive years and potential external 
challenges, including the intense competition for professional staff, in the 
Chongqing region, the Group had fully impaired the carrying amount of 
goodwill allocated to the Kangxin Hospital CGU in prior years. The goodwill 
attributable to Kangxin Hospital CGU was written off during the year ended 
31 December 2024 following its classification as a disposal group held for 
sale (as detailed in note 17).
16. 商譽（續）
商譽減值檢測（續）
康華血液透析現金產生單位
康華血液透析現金產生單位的可收回
金額已根據使用價值計算，並參考獨
立專業估值師編製的估值報告釐定。
該計算使用基於管理層批准的未來七
年財務預算的現金流量預測。管理層
認為，由於醫療行業的投資週期與其
他行業相比較長，並考慮到血液透析
中心的開發計劃，因此為期七年的預
測期屬合適。超過七年期的現金流量
使用 2%的增長率推斷。該現金產生單
位使用 12.6%的稅前折現率。
計算康華血液透析現金產生單位的使
用價值時採用假設。下文載列管理層
為進行商譽減值檢測而預測現金流量
時所倚賴的各項關鍵假設：
預算收益 － 用於釐定分配予預算
收益的價值所採用的
基準為緊接預算年度
前一年內所實現的收
益，並就預期經濟狀
況及市場發展作出調
整。
折現率 － 所用貼現率並未扣除
稅項，並反映康華血
液透析現金產生單位
的特定風險。
本公司董事認為，上述任何假設的任
何合理可能的變化均不會導致康華血
液透析現金產生單位的賬面值超過其
可收回金額。
康心醫院現金產生單位
由於連續數年產生虧損以及重慶地區
潛在的外部挑戰 （包括專業人員的激烈
競爭） ，本集團已悉數減值於過往年度
分配至康心醫院現金產生單位的商譽
賬面值。康心醫院現金產生單位應佔
商譽於截至二零二四年十二月三十一
日止年度被分類為持作出售的出售組
別後撇銷 （詳情載於附註17）。


===== PAGE 241 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
240
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
17. 分類為持作出售的出售集團
於二零二四年十二月二十日，本公司
董事議決向銀山資本有限公司 （ 「銀山
資本」 ） 或其聯屬公司出售康心醫院的
55%股權。隨著康心醫院的分立 （乃根
據中國法律進行，據此已成立本公司
全資附屬公司重慶康華物業，以持有
康心醫院經營相關的土地及樓宇） 完
成，且該等土地及樓宇已於二零二四
年十二月二十五日轉讓予重慶康華物
業，因此康心醫院已處於可即時出售
的狀態。
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，康心
醫院的以下資產及負債已於綜合財務
狀況表中單獨呈列，重新分類為持作
出售：
就分部報告而言，康心醫院計入本集
團的醫院服務 （請參閱附註5）。 由 於
預計出售的所得款項淨額超出相關資
產及負債的賬面淨值，因此，並無確
認減值虧損。
於二零二五年一月九日，本公司與獨
立第三方北京鉑頌健康管理有限公司
（ 「買方」 ，於中國成立的公司及受銀
山資本共同控制） 就出售康心醫院55%
股權訂立買賣協議，代價為人民幣
34,936,000 元。出售事項其後於二零
二五年二月八日完成。
17. DISPOSAL GROUP CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE
On 20 December 2024, the directors of the Company resolved to dispose of 
55% equity interests of Kangxin Hospital to Silver Mountain Capital Limited 
(“Silver Mountain”) or its affiliates. As the demerger of Kangxin Hospital 
(which was conducted under the laws of the PRC, pursuant to which 
Chongqing Kanghua Property, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company 
has been established to hold the land and buildings underlying the 
operations of Kangxin Hospital) was completed and the land and buildings 
were transferred to Chongqing Kanghua Property on 25 December 2024, 
Kangxin Hospital was in a condition ready for immediate sale. 
The following assets and liabilities of Kangxin Hospital have been 
presented separately in the consolidated statement of financial position 
and were reclassified as held for sale as at 31 December 2024:
31 December 2024
二零二四年
十二月三十一日
RMB’000
人民幣千元
Assets classified as held for sale 分類為持作出售資產
Properties, plant and equipment 物業、廠房及設備 17,073
Other asset 其他資產 17,417
Deferred tax assets 遞延稅項資產 30
Inventories 存貨 4,095
Accounts and other receivables 應收賬款及其他應收款項 7,876
Bank balances and cash 銀行結餘及現金 3,520
Total assets classified as held for sale 分類為持作出售的資產總值 50,011
Liabilities directly associated with classified as held for sale 與分類為持作出售直接相關的負債
Accounts and other payables 應付賬款及其他應付款項 (23,181)
Total liabilities classified as held for sale 分類為持作出售的負債總額 (23,181)
Kangxin Hospital is included in the Group’s hospital services for segment 
reporting purposes (see note 5). As the anticipated net proceeds of the 
disposal exceed the net carrying amount of the relevant assets and 
liabilities and accordingly, no impairment loss has been recognised.
On 9 January 2025, the Company entered into a sale and purchase 
agreement with an independent third party, Beijing Pantheon Health 
Management Co., Ltd. (the “Purchaser”), a company established in the PRC 
and is under common control with Silver Mountain, for the disposal of 55% 
equity interest in Kangxin Hospital at a consideration of RMB34,936,000. 
The disposal was later completed on 8 February 2025.


===== PAGE 242 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
241
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
18. INVENTORIES
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Pharmaceutical products 藥品 44,530 48,818
Consumables and others 耗材及其他 21,911 23,157
66,441 71,975
19. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Accounts receivable 應收賬款 280,197 269,745
Less: Allowance for credit loss 減：信貸虧損撥備 (14,598) (13,015)
Total accounts receivable 應收賬款總額 265,599 256,730
Prepayments to suppliers 預付供應商款項 11,255 8,587
Others 其他 37,872 39,341
49,127 47,928
Less: Allowance for credit loss 減：信貸虧損撥備 (2,189) (2,380)
Total other receivables 其他應收款項總額 46,938 45,548
Total accounts and other receivables 應收賬款及其他應收款項總額 312,537 302,278
The individual patients of the Group usually settle payments by cash, 
credit cards and mobile payment or through government’s social 
insurance schemes. For credit card and mobile payments, the banks and 
counterparties normally settle the amounts approximately 30 days (2023: 
30 days) after the transaction date. Payments by the PRC government’s 
social insurance schemes will normally be settled by the local social 
insurance bureau or similar government departments responsible for 
reimbursing medical expenses for patients covered by the government’s 
medical insurance scheme, which range from 30 to 180 days (2023: 30 to 
180 days) from the transaction date. Corporate customers normally settle 
the amounts within 90 days (2023: 90 days) after the transaction date via 
bank transfers.
18. 存貨
19. 應收賬款及其他應收款項
本集團的個人病人一般以現金、信用
卡及手機支付或透過政府社保計劃繳
費。對於信用卡及移動支付，銀行及
交易對手通常會在交易日期後約 30天
（二零二三年： 30天） 結算賬款。透過
中國政府的社保計劃繳費，則通常須
由當地社保局或負責向辦理政府醫療
保險計劃的病人報銷醫療開支的類似
政府部門，自交易日期起介乎 30至 180
天 （二零二三年：30至 180天） 內結清。
公司客戶一般於交易日期後 90天（ 二
零二三年： 90 天） 內以銀行轉賬方式
結算款項。


===== PAGE 243 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
242
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
19. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
An ageing analysis of the accounts receivable as at the end of the reporting 
period, based on the revenue recognition date and net of allowance for 
credit loss, is as follows:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Within 30 days 30天以內 136,837 129,662
31 to 90 days 31至 90天 39,063 46,880
91 to 180 days 91至 180天 17,236 17,256
181 to 365 days 181至 365天 26,193 23,170
Over 365 days 超過 365天 46,270 39,762
265,599 256,730
The movements in the allowance for credit loss of accounts receivable are 
as follows:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
At beginning of year 於年初 13,015 11,939
Provision for impairment losses, net 減值虧損撥備淨額 4,384 2,708
Amount written off as uncollectible 撇銷不可收回金額 (2,762) (1,632)
Amount reclassified as held for sale 重新分類為持作出售的款項 (39) –
At end of year 於年末 14,598 13,015
19. 應收賬款及其他應收款項（續）
基於收益確認日期的應收賬款 （扣除信
貸虧損撥備後） 於報告期末的賬齡分析
如下：
應收賬款的信貸虧損撥備變動如下：


===== PAGE 244 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
243
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
19. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
As at 31 December 2024, included in the Group’s accounts receivable 
balance are receivables with an aggregate carrying amount of 
RMB89,699,000 (2023: RMB80,188,000) which are past due at the 
reporting date. Out of the past due balances, RMB72,463,000 (2023: 
RMB62,932,000) has been past due for 90 days or more and is not 
considered to be in default. The Group rebutted the presumption of default 
under expected credit losses model for accounts receivable past due over 
90 days based on no significant change in credit quality after understood 
these customers’ background as well as the good payment records of and 
continuous business relationship with those customers and were adjusted 
for forward-looking information for example, the economic growth rates 
and unemployment rate which reflect the general economic conditions in 
which the debtors operate that was available without undue cost or effect.
As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group assessed 
accounts receivable collectively based on the rating of probability of default 
other than accounts receivable for PRC government’s social insurance 
schemes and certain credit-impaired debtors of which ECLs are assessed 
individually based on the expected cashflow. These receivables consist 
of a large number of small patients with common risk characteristics 
that are representative of the patients’ abilities to pay all amounts due in 
accordance with the contractual terms.
Details of impairment assessment of accounts and other receivables for the 
years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 are set out in note 39(iii).
19. 應收賬款及其他應收款項（續）
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，納入
本集團的應收賬款結餘中的應收賬款
總賬面金額為人民幣 89,699,000元（ 二
零二三年：人民幣80,188,000 元） ，於
報告日期已逾期。在逾期結餘中，人
民幣 72,463,000元 （二零二三年：人民
幣 62,932,000元） 已逾期90天或以上，
並不被視為違約。本集團在了解該等
客戶的背景及良好付款記錄以及與該
等客戶的持續業務關係後，基於信貸
質素並無重大改變而推翻逾期 90天的
應收賬款預期信貸虧損模式下的違約
推定，並根據於無需過多成本或並無
不當影響情況下可得的前瞻性資料 （如
反映債務人經營所處的一般經濟狀況
的經濟增長率及失業率） 作出調整。
作為本集團信貸風險管理的一部分，
本集團根據違約概率集體評估應收賬
款，惟中國政府社會保險計劃及若干
根據預期現金流獨立評估預期信貸虧
損的信貸減值債務人的應收賬款除外。
該等應收賬款由大量具有共同風險特
徵的小病患組成，該等應收賬款代表
病患按照合約條款支付所有應付金額
的能力。
截至二零二四年及二零二三年十二月
三十一日止年度的應收賬款及其他應
收款項減值評估詳情載於附註 39(iii)。


===== PAGE 245 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
244
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
20. OTHER ASSET
RMB’000
人民幣千元
COST 成本
At 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2023 於二零二三年一月一日及  
二零二三年十二月三十一日 20,000
Reclassified as held for sale (note 17) 重新分類為持作出售 （附註17） (20,000)
At 31 December 2024 於二零二四年十二月三十一日 –
AMORTISATION 攤銷
At 1 January 2023 於二零二三年一月一日 583
Charge for the year 年內支出 1,000
At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024 於二零二三年十二月三十一日  
及二零二四年一月一日 1,583
Charge for the year 年內支出 1,000
Reclassified as  held for sale (note 17) 重新分類為持作出售 （附註17） (2,583)
At 31 December 2024 於二零二四年十二月三十一日 –
CARRYING VALUES 賬面值
At 31 December 2024 於二零二四年十二月三十一日 –
At 31 December 2023 於二零二三年十二月三十一日 18,417
On 23 May 2022, the Company entered into certain management 
arrangements (“Management Arrangements”) with Silver Mountain, an 
independent third party, pursuant to which Silver Mountain would provide 
management of the day-to-day operations of Kangxin Hospital, for a 
period of 20 years (“Service Period”) subject to certain terms and conditions. 
20. 其他資產
於二零二二年五月二十三日，本公司
與銀山資本訂立若干管理安排 （ 「管理
安排」 ） ，據此，銀山資本將提供康心
醫院的日常運營管理工作，為期 20年
（ 「服務期」 ） ，惟須受限於若干條款及
條件。


===== PAGE 246 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
245
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
20. OTHER ASSET (Continued)
Pursuant to the Management Arrangements, Silver Mountain shall provide 
a series of services with a view to improving and optimising the operations 
of Kangxin Hospital including the introduction of a German medical group 
“Artemed” to Kangxin Hospital to participate in daily management and 
operations, overseas resources, domestic resources, research capabilities, 
clinical achievement transformation, policy innovation, cooperation with 
medical colleges, key scientific construction, medical informatics, medical 
payment system, quality control, expert collaboration and cost control.
In return, Kangxin Hospital shall pay to Silver Mountain a fee of RMB20 
million (the “Brand Introduction Fee”) to procure the introduction of 
”Artemed”, and an annual fixed management fee of RMB10 million together 
with variable management fee which is based on certain percentage of 
Kangxin Hospital’s annual revenue during the Service Period. During the 
year ended 31 December 2022, Silver Mountain had procured “Artemed” 
to sign a trademark licensing agreement with Kangxin Hospital for a non-
exclusive right to use Artemed brand in Mainland China and the Group paid 
the Brand Introduction Fee of RMB20 million to Silver Mountain. According 
to the Management Arrangements, Silver Mountain shall refund a certain 
portion of the Brand Introduction Fee paid by Kangxin Hospital under 
certain circumstances, including, among others, in the event that Kangxin 
Hospital is not able to achieve the growth of audited revenue based on an 
agreed threshold during the performance period (i.e. the 12-month period 
beginning from the 1st day of the month after the completion of the transfer 
of management rights of Kangxin Hospital to Silver Mountain). As Kangxin 
Hospital met the target growth of revenue for the performance period and 
hence the Group was not entitled to refund of the Brand Introduction Fee 
from Silver Mountain.
In the opinion of the Directors, the payment of the Brand Introduction Fee 
is part of the Management Arrangements with Silver Mountain for its 
services during the Service Period and the introduction of German medical 
group “Artemed” brand could bring long-term benefits to the operations 
of Kangxin Hospital, and accordingly, the Brand Introduction Fee was 
amortised over the Service Period.
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Brand Introduction Fee 
of Kangxin Hospital has been reclassified as asset held for sale in the 
consolidated statement of financial position upon the Group’s commitment 
to dispose of Kangxin Hospital (as detailed in note 17).
20. 其他資產（續）
根據管理安排，銀山資本應提供一系
列服務，以改善及優化康心醫院的營
運，包括將德國醫療集團 「Artemed」引
入康心醫院以參與日常管理及營運、
海外資源、國內資源、研究能力、臨
床成果轉化、政策創新、與醫學院校
合作、重點學科建設、醫療信息學、
醫療支付系統、質量控制、專家協作
及成本控制。
作為回報，康心醫院應向銀山資本支  
付人民幣20,000,000 元的費用 （ 「品牌 
引入費」 ） 以促成引入 「Artemed」， 以 及 
年固定管理費人民幣 10,000,000元連同 
按服務期內康心醫院年收益的一定比  
例計算的浮動管理費。截至二零二二  
年十二月三十一日止年度，銀山資本  
已促使 「Artemed」 與康心醫院簽訂商標 
使用許可協議以獲得於中國內地使用  
Artemed品牌的非獨家權利，本集團已  
向銀山資本支付人民幣20,000,000 元 
的品牌引入費。根據管理安排，於若  
干情況下，銀山資本向康心醫院退還  
部分所付品牌引入費， 包括 （其中包括） 
倘康心醫院無法於履約期限 （即完成向 
銀山資本轉讓康心醫院的管理權後的  
翌月首日起計的 12個月期間） 按協定的 
限額實現經審核收益的增長。由於康  
心醫院於履約期限實現收益增長目標，  
因此本集團無權要求銀山資本退還品  
牌引入費。 
董事認為，支付品牌引入費為服務期
內與銀山資本就其服務的管理安排一  
部分，引入德國醫療集團 「Artemed」品 
牌可為康心醫院的營運帶來長遠利益，  
因此，品牌引入費於服務期內攤銷。
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止年
度，於本集團承諾出售康心醫院後，
康心醫院的品牌引入費已於綜合財務
狀況表重新分類為持作出售資產 （詳情
載於附註 17）。


===== PAGE 247 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
246
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
21. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
Notes RMB’000 RMB’000
附註 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Fund investment 基金投資 i 24,000 33,400
Structured bank deposits 結構性銀行存款 ii 370,000 350,000
394,000 383,400
Analysed for reporting purposes as: 就報告目的分析如下：
Current assets 流動資產 370,000 350,000
Non-current assets 非流動資產 24,000 33,400
394,000 383,400
Notes:
(i) In 2021, the Group entered into a partnership agreement with two 
independent third parties for the establishment of a fund, namely, Guangdong 
Bosong Kanghua Equity Investment Partnership, L.P. ( 廣東鉑頌康華股權投
資合夥企業 （有限合夥）), a limited partnership established under the laws of 
the PRC. The purpose of the fund is to achieve investment returns and capital 
appreciation through carrying out investment, investment management and 
other activities in accordance with PRC laws, business scope under business 
registration, and the partnership agreement. To the extent permitted by the 
applicable laws, the fund will invest primarily in the fields of medical services, 
biotechnology, medical equipment, and medical informatics. The initial term 
of the fund shall be seven years. As at 31 December 2024, the fund had 
made equity investments in two (31 December 2023: two) unlisted companies 
and the aggregate carrying amounts of the equity investments was 
RMB24,000,000 (31 December 2023: RMB33,400,000), which were measured 
at fair values.
(ii) The Group has structured deposits with commercial banks in the PRC for 
variable investment returns. All of these structured deposits are with maturities 
of less than six months and the principal is generally renewed when matured.
The above investments were mandatorily classified as financial assets at 
fair value through profit or loss as their contractual cash flows are not solely 
payments of principal and interest.
21. 按公平值計入損益的金融資產
附註：
(i) 於二零二一年，本集團與兩名獨立第
三方就設立基金 （即廣東鉑頌康華股
權投資合夥企業 （有限合夥） ，一家
根據中國法律成立的有限合夥企業）
訂立合夥協議。基金目的是根據中國
法律、商業登記項下的經營範圍及合
夥協議，透過進行投資、投資管理及
其他活動，實現投資回報及資本增
值。在適用法律准許的範圍內，基金
將主要投資於醫療服務、生物科技、
醫療器械及醫療信息學等領域。基金
的初始期限為七年。於二零二四年
十二月三十一日，基金已對兩間 （二
零二三年十二月三十一日：兩間） 未
上市公司作出股權投資，且股權投資
賬面總值為人民幣24,000,000 元（ 二
零二三年十二月三十一日：人民幣
33,400,000元） 並按公平值計量。
(ii) 本集團於中國的商業銀行存有結構
性存款以賺取可變投資回報。所有該
等結構性存款的到期日少於六個月，
本金一般於到期時重續。
由於其合約現金流量並非僅為本金及
利息付款，故上述投資獲強制分類為
按公平值計入損益的金融資產。


===== PAGE 248 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
247
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
22. BANK BALANCES AND CASH, RESTRICTED BANK BALANCES 
AND FIXED BANK DEPOSITS 
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Bank balances and cash 銀行結餘及現金 242,604 305,171
Restricted bank balances 受限制銀行結餘 3,088 2,732
Fixed bank deposits 定期銀行存款 65,800 63,350
311,492 371,253
Less: Restricted bank balances 減：受限制銀行結餘 (3,088) (2,732)
Less: Fixed bank deposits 減：定期銀行存款 (65,800) (63,350)
Total cash and cash equivalents 現金及現金等價物總額 242,604 305,171
Bank balances carried prevailing market rates ranging from 0% to 0.375% 
(2023: 0% to 0.75%) per annum.
The fixed bank deposits at 31 December 2024 carried fixed interest rate at 
4.25% per annum with original maturity of more than 3 months.
Restricted bank balances represented (i) deposits required by the Dongguan 
Social Insurance Bureau which are based on annual assessment on the 
medical service quality of the hospitals, such deposits will be discharged 
upon completion of the annual assessment; (ii) proceeds from the initial 
public offering of the Company’s H Shares remitted to PRC banks, the usage 
of which is subject to relevant approval; and (iii) a fixed-term guarantee 
deposit. The restricted bank balances carried fixed interest at a rate of 0.25% 
(2023: 0.25%) per annum.
22. 銀行結餘及現金、受限制銀行
結餘及定期銀行存款
銀行結餘按市場現行利率計息，年利
率介乎 0%至 0.375%（二零二三年： 0%
至 0.75%）。
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，定期
銀行存款的固定年利率為 4.25%，原到
期日超過三個月。
受限制銀行結餘指 (i)根據東莞社會保
障局的規定，存款金額基於年度醫院
醫療服務質素評估所釐定，該存款將
於完成年度評估後解除； (ii)匯入中國
銀行須經相關批核用於特定用途的首
次公開發售本公司 H股所得款項；及 (iii)
定期保證金存款。受限制銀行結餘按
固定年利率 0.25%（二零二三年：0.25%）
計息。


===== PAGE 249 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
248
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
23. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES AND PROVISION
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Accounts payable 應付賬款 357,884 317,263
Accrued expenses 應計開支 90,522 96,093
Receipt in advance (note) 預收款項 （附註） 250,004 197,544
Payables for acquisition of property, plant and 
equipment
收購物業、廠房及設備應付款項
26,335 20,615
Other tax payables 其他應付稅項 4,227 3,626
Others 其他 26,897 23,959
Other payables 其他應付款項 397,985 341,837
Total accounts and other payables 應付賬款及其他應付款項總額 755,869 659,100
Provision for medical dispute claims 醫療糾紛索償撥備 2,885 1,222
Total accounts and other payables and  
provision
應付賬款及其他應付款項及  
撥備總額 758,754 660,322
Note:
Included in the balance are contract liabilities of 68,641,000 (2023: RMB50,375,000) 
and advances from the PRC social insurance bureau of RMB181,363,000 (2023: 
RMB147,169,000) for the daily hospital operations of the Group.
Contract liabilities included in the receipt in advance are as follows:
31 December
2024
31 December
2023
1 January
2023
二零二四年
十二月三十一日
二零二三年
十二月三十一日
二零二三年
一月一日
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Short-term advances received from 
customers
收取客戶之短期預收款項
Hospital services 醫院服務 64,365 49,052 42,769
Rehabilitation and other healthcare 
services
康復及其他醫療服務
– – 63
Elderly healthcare services 老年醫療服務 1,904 1,323 129
Haemodialysis services 血液透析服務 2,372 – –
Total contract liabilities 合約負債總額 68,641 50,375 42,961
23. 應付賬款及其他應付款項及撥
備
附註：
結餘包括用於本集團醫院日常營運的合約
負債人民幣 68,641,000元 （二零二三年：人
民幣 50,375,000元） 及來自中國社會保險局
墊款人民幣 181,363,000元 （二零二三年：人
民幣 147,169,000元 ）。
計入預收款項的合約負債如下：


===== PAGE 250 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
249
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
23. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES AND PROVISION (Continued)
The credit period of accounts payable ranges from 30 to 90 days from the 
invoice date.
The following is an aging analysis of accounts payable based on the date 
of receipt of goods:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Within 30 days 30天以內 86,467 93,390
31 to 90 days 31至 90天 118,661 125,006
91 to 180 days 91至 180天 77,329 58,841
181 to 365 days 181至 365天 36,522 15,200
Over 365 days 超過 365天 38,905 24,826
357,884 317,263
Provision for medical dispute claims relate to medical disputes in which 
the Group is involved as defendants arising from its ordinary course of 
business. The following is the movement in the provision for medical 
dispute claims:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
At the beginning of the year 於年初 1,222 1,234
Provision for the year 年內撥備 7,470 3,348
Reversal of the provision 撥回撥備 – (219)
Utilisation of the provision 動用撥備 (5,807) (3,141)
At the end of the year 於年末 2,885 1,222
23. 應付賬款及其他應付款項及撥
備（續）
應付賬款的信貸期自發票日期起計介
乎 30至 90天。
基於收貨日期的應付賬款的賬齡分析
如下：
醫療糾紛索償撥備與本集團作為被告
牽涉的日常業務過程產生的醫療糾紛
有關。 以下為醫療糾紛索償撥備的變動：


===== PAGE 251 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
250
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
24. AMOUNT DUE TO A NON-CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER OF A 
SUBSIDIARY
This represented an amount due to Dongguan YouWang Enterprise 
Investment Co., Ltd. (“YouWang Enterprise”), the non-controlling shareholder 
of Kanghua Haemodialysis as at 31 December 2024.
The amount due is unsecured, interest-free and YouWang Enterprise has 
undertaken not to recall the amount within one year from 31 December 
2024.
25. BANK LOANS
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Variable rate secured bank loan (note (a)) 有抵押銀行貸款 （浮動利率） （附註(a)） 74,369 288,682
Variable-rate unsecured bank loan (note (b)) 無抵押銀行貸款 （浮動利率） （附註(b)） 154,698 –
Fixed-rate secured loan (note (c)) 有抵押貸款 （固定利率） （附註(c)） – 30,143
229,067 318,825
Analysed into: 分析為：
Bank loans repayable: 銀行貸款於以下時間償還：
Within one year or on demand 一年內或按要求 4,000 31,090
In the second year 第二年 4,000 33,408
In the third to fifth years, inclusive 第三年至第五年 （包括首尾兩年） 182,699 107,756
Beyond five years 超過五年 38,368 146,571
229,067 318,825
24. 應付一間附屬公司的非控股股
東款項
此指二零二四年十二月三十一日應付
康華血液透析的非控股股東東莞市優
旺實業投資有限公司 （ 「優旺實業」 ） 款
項。
應付款項為無抵押、免息及優旺實業
承諾不會於二零二四年十二月三十一
日起計一年內收回該款項。
25. 銀行貸款


===== PAGE 252 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
251
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
25. BANK LOANS (Continued)
Notes:
(a) As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group had a variable-rate secured 
bank loan with an interest rate based on the Loan Prime Rate (LPR) announced 
by the People’s Bank of China, adjusted annually from the drawdown date. As 
at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of this loan was RMB74,369,000 
(2023: RMB47,150,000), with an effective interest rate of 4.65% per annum 
(2023: 4.65%).
This bank loan primarily finances the construction, development, and fixed 
asset purchases for the Kanghua Qingxi Healthcare Complex – the Group’s 
elderly medical and healthcare complex development in Qingxi Town, 
Dongguan City.
As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, this bank loan was secured by:
(i) financial guarantees provided by the Company and Mr. Wang 
Junyang, the chairman of the Group; and
(ii) leasehold land held by a subsidiary of the Company, with a carrying 
amount of approximately RMB77,553,000 as at 31 December 2024 
(2023: RMB79,255,000).
As at 31 December 2023, the Group had another variable-rate secured bank 
loan with an interest rate based on the benchmark interest rate for loans set 
by the People’s Bank of China, adjusted annually from the drawdown date, 
and the carrying amount of the loan was RMB241,532,000, with an effective 
interest rate of 5.74%.
This bank loan primarily financed the construction of Phase Two of the 
Kangxin Hospital medical facility development.
This bank loan was secured by:
(i) financial guarantees provided by the Company; Mr. Wang Junyang, 
the chairman of the Group; and 東莞市東成石材有限公司  (a 
company controlled by Dongguan Xingye Group Co., Ltd. (“Xingye 
Group”), a shareholder of the Company (collectively referred to as the 
Guarantors”); and
(ii) pledge of the Company’s equity shares in Kangxin Hospital.
This bank loan was fully repaid during the year, and the pledged shares were 
released upon settlement.
25. 銀行貸款（續）
附註：
(a) 於二零二四年及二零二三年十二月
三十一日，本集團擁有浮息有抵押銀
行貸款，利率基於中國人民銀行公佈
的貸款基礎利率 (LPR)，每年自提取日
期起進行調整。於二零二四年十二月
三十一日，該筆貸款的賬面值為人民
幣 74,369,000 元 （二零二三年：人民
幣 47,150,000 元） ，實際利率為每年
4.65%（二零二三年： 4.65%）。
該銀行貸款主要用於為本集團位於
東莞市清溪鎮的老年醫療保健綜合
體開發項目康華 • 清溪分院的建設、
開發及購買固定資產撥資。
於二零二四年及二零二三年十二月
三十一日，該銀行貸款由以下各項擔
保：
(i) 由本公司及本集團主席王君揚
先生提供的財務擔保；及
(ii) 本公司一間附屬公司持有的租
賃土地，於二零二四年十二月
三十一日的賬面值為約人民幣
77,553,000元 （二零二三年：人
民幣 79,255,000 元 ）。
於二零二三年十二月三十一日，本集
團擁有另外一筆浮息有抵押銀行貸
款，利率按中國人民銀行公佈的貸款
基準利率計息，每年自提取日期起調
整。貸款賬面值為人民幣 241,532,000
元，實際利率為 5.74%。
該銀行貸款主要用於為康心醫院二
期醫療設施發展建設撥資。
該銀行貸款由以下各項擔保：
(i) 由本公司、本集團主席王君揚
先生及東莞市東成石材有限公
司 （一間由本公司股東東莞市
興業集團有限公司 （ 「興業集
團」 ） 控制的公司） （統稱 「擔保
人」 ） ） 提供的財務擔保；及
(ii) 本集團於康心醫院的股權質押。
該銀行貸款已於本年度內悉數償還，
且質押股份已於結清貸款後解除。


===== PAGE 253 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
252
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
25. BANK LOANS (Continued)
Notes: (Continued)
(b) As at 31 December 2024, the balance comprises one variable-rate unsecured 
bank loan with an interest rate based on the LPR announced by the People’s 
Bank of China, adjusted annually from the drawdown date. The loan carries 
an effective interest rate of 4.3% per annum and primarily serves to provide 
operating cash flow for Kanghua Hospital.
The loan is unsecured and financial guarantees have been provided by the 
Company and Mr. Wang Junyang, the chairman of the Group.
(c) As at 31 December 2023, the fixed rate secured loan represented a financing 
arrangement with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Leasing Co., 
Ltd., an independent third party. Pursuant to the arrangement, the Group has 
transferred legal title of certain items of medical equipment to Industrial and 
Commercial Bank of China Leasing Co., Ltd., which shall then be leased back 
for use by the Group. Upon expiry of the lease term, the Group has an option 
to repurchase these items of medical equipment at a cash consideration of 
RMB1. At 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of these items of medical 
equipment was approximately RMB14,387,000, and the loan was guaranteed 
by the Guarantors.
The transfers of these medical equipment do not satisfy the requirements 
of IFRS 15 to be accounted for as a sale of assets. The Group continued to 
recognise the transferred assets under property, plant and equipment and 
initially recognised a secured loan in an amount equal to the proceeds 
obtained by the Group. As at 31 December 2023, the loan carried an effective 
interest rate of 6.74% per annum. During the year, the loan was fully repaid 
and the legal title of the medical equipment had been transferred back to the 
Group.
All bank loans are denominated in RMB.
26. DEFERRED TAX
For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial 
position, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset. The 
following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting 
purposes:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Deferred tax assets 遞延稅項資產 10,390 –
Deferred tax liabilities 遞延稅項負債 (15,963) (12,480)
(5,573) (12,480)
25. 銀行貸款（續）
附註：（續）
(b) 於二零二四年十二月三十一日，結餘
包括一筆浮息無抵押銀行貸款，利率
基於中國人民銀行公佈的 LPR，每年
自提取日期起進行調整。貸款按實際
年利率4.3% 計息，主要用於為康華
醫院提供經營現金流。
貸款為無抵押且財務擔保由本公司
及本集團主席王君揚先生提供。
(c) 於二零二三年十二月三十一日，固定
利率的有抵押貸款指與獨立第三方
工銀金融租賃有限公司訂立的融資
安排。根據該安排，本集團已將若干
醫療設備項目的合法所有權轉讓予
工銀金融租賃有限公司，其後將其
租回以供本集團使用。租期屆滿後，
本集團有權以現金代價人民幣 1元購
回該等醫療設備項目。於二零二三年
十二月三十一日，該等醫療設備項目
的賬面值約為人民幣 14,387,000元，
且該貸款由擔保人提供擔保。
該等醫療設備轉讓不符合國際財務
報告準則第15 號規定以作為資產出
售入賬。本集團繼續確認物業、廠房
及設備項下的已轉讓資產及初步確
認金額相等於本集團獲得的所得款
項的已抵押貸款。於二零二三年十二
月三十一日，貸款的實際年利率為
6.74%。於本年度，該貸款已悉數償
還，而醫療設備的合法所有權已轉回
本集團。
所有銀行貸款均以人民幣計值。
26. 遞延稅項
就呈列綜合財務狀況表而言，若干遞
延稅項資產及負債已予抵銷。以下為
就財務報告所作的遞延稅項結餘分析：
 


===== PAGE 254 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
253
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
26. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)
The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets before offsetting during 
the year are as follows:
Accelerated
tax
depreciation
Provision of
ECL
Pre-operating
expenses
written off
Right-of-use
assets
Lease
liabilities Tax loss Total
加速稅收
折舊
預期信貸虧
損撥備
撇銷營業前
開支 使用權資產 租賃負債 稅項虧損 總計
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
(restated) (restated)
（經重列） （經重列）
Gross deferred tax liabilities/ 
(assets) at 1 January 2023
於二零二三年一月一日之遞延稅
項負債╱ （資產） 總額 26,159 (3,565) (238) 19,562 (31,583) – 10,335
Deferred tax (credited)/charged  
to profit or loss during the year (note 11)
年內 （計入） ╱扣除自損益的 
遞延稅項 （附註11）
(456) (284) 238 (6,520) 9,167 – 2,145
Gross deferred tax  
liabilities/(assets) at  
31 December 2023 and 
1 January 2024
於二零二三年十二月三十一日及
二零二四年一月一日之  
遞延稅項  
負債╱ （資產） 總額 25,703 (3,849) – 13,042 (22,416) – 12,480
Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 35) 收購附屬公司 （附註35） – (192) – 9,036 (9,036) (7,950) (8,142)
Reclassified to held for sale (note 17) 重新分類至持作出售 （附註17） – 30 – – – – 30
Deferred tax (credited)/charged  
to profit or loss during the year (note 11)
年內 （計入） ╱扣除自損益的 
遞延稅項 （附註11）
(449) (378) – (8,031) 12,263 (2,200) 1,205
At 31 December 2024 於二零二四年十二月  
三十一日 25,254 (4,389) – 14,047 (19,189) (10,150) 5,573
At 31 December 2024, the Group had unused tax losses arising in Mainland 
China of approximately RMB650,610,000 (2023: RMB567,359,000) available 
for offsetting against future profits. No deferred tax asset was recognised 
in respect of tax losses amounted to approximately RMB610,010,000 (2023: 
RMB567,359,000) as they have arisen in subsidiaries that have been loss-
making for some time and it is not considered probable that taxable profits 
will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised. The unused 
tax losses can be carried forward up to five years from 2026 to 2029 (2023: 
2025 to 2028), to offset future taxable profits.
26. 遞延稅項（續）
年內遞延稅項負債及資產於抵銷前的
變動如下：
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，本集
團於中國內地產生的未使用稅項虧
損約人民幣650,610,000 元 （二零二三
年：人民幣 567,359,000 元） ，可抵銷
未來溢利。概無就稅項虧損約人民幣
610,010,000 元 （二零二三年：人民幣
567,359,000 元） 確認遞延稅項資產，
原因為該等附屬公司已虧損一段時間
且認為其應課稅溢利可能不足以抵銷
可動用之稅項虧損。未使用的稅項虧
損可以二零二六年至二零二九年 （二零
二三年：於二零二五年至二零二八年）
最多五年結轉，以抵銷未來的應納稅
所得額。


===== PAGE 255 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
254
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
27. SHARE CAPITAL
Number of
domestic
shares
Number of
H shares
Share
capital
內資股數目 H 股數目 股本
’000 ’000 RMB’000
千股 千股 人民幣千元
At 1 January 2023,  
31 December 2023 and  
31 December 2024
於二零二三年一月一日、  
二零二三年十二月三十一日  
及二零二四年十二月三十一日 250,000 84,394 334,394
28. RESERVES
The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the 
current and prior years are presented in the consolidated statement of 
changes in equity on page 178.
Capital reserve
The capital reserve of the Group represents the difference between the net 
asset value of the subsidiaries and the nominal amount of the Company’s 
shares which were issued as consideration for the subsidiaries at the time 
of the group reorganisation in preparation for the listing of the Company’s 
shares.
Statutory reserve
According to the relevant laws in the PRC, the Company and its subsidiaries 
which were established in the PRC are required to transfer at least 10% 
of their net profit after taxation, as determined under the PRC accounting 
regulations, to a non-distributable reserve fund until the reserve balance 
reaches 50% of the respective registered capital. The transfer to this reserve 
must be made before the distribution of dividends to owners. Such reserve 
fund can be used to offset the previous years’ losses, if any, and is non-
distributable other than upon liquidation.
Other reserve
Other reserve of the Group represents (i) arose from a group restructuring 
that was accounted for as deemed disposal of interests in a wholly-owned 
subsidiary, which was fully acquired by a non-wholly owned subsidiary, 
from owners of the Company to the non-controlling shareholder of a 
subsidiary and (ii) the difference between the accumulated loss attributable 
to the former non-controlling shareholder of Kangxin Hospital and the 
consideration paid by the Group arose from the acquisition of additional 
interest in Kangxin Hospital during the year ended 31 December 2023 (see 
note 35).
27. 股本
28. 儲備
本集團之儲備金額及其於本年度及過
往年度之變動於第 178頁之綜合權益變
動表呈列。
資本儲備
本集團的資本儲備指附屬公司的資產
淨值與本公司為準備本公司股份上市
而進行集團重組時作為收購附屬公司
的代價而發行的股份面值的差額。
法定儲備
根據中國相關法律，本公司及其於中
國成立的附屬公司須按中國會計法則
規定提取其稅後純利至少 10%列入不
可分派儲備金，直至儲備結餘達各自
註冊資本的50%。於向擁有人分派股
息前須對儲備劃撥資金。該儲備金可
用於抵銷過往年度虧損 （如有） ，除非
清盤，否則不可分派。
其他儲備
本集團的其他儲備指 (i)來自一項被視
為出售全資附屬公司 （其已由一間非全
資附屬公司自本公司擁有人向一間附
屬公司非控股股東全數收購） 權益的集
團重組，及 (ii)康心醫院前非控股股東
應佔累計虧損與本集團來自截至二零
二三年十二月三十一日止年度收購康
心醫院的額外權益的已付代價之間的
差額 （見附註35）。


===== PAGE 256 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
255
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
28. RESERVES (Continued)
Retained earnings
Included in the retained earnings is an amount of RMB3,561,000 (2023: 
RMB2,936,000), which represents restricted retained earnings from Anhui 
Hualin Group that are non-distributable other than upon liquidation.
29. NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL 
NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
The table below shows details of the non wholly-owned subsidiaries of 
the Group that have material non-controlling interests at the end of the 
reporting period:
Name of subsidiary
Place of incorporation 
and principal
place of business
Proportion of ownership
and voting rights held by
non-controlling
Profit/(loss) and 
total comprehensive 
income/(loss) allocated to 
non-controlling interests
Accumulated
non-controlling interests
附屬公司名稱
註冊成立地點
及主要經營地點
非控股權益所持
擁有權及投票權比例
分配至非控股權益的
溢利╱ （虧損） 及
全面收益╱ （虧損） 累計非控股權益
2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年 二零二四年 二零二三年 二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Renkang Hospital and its subsidiary, Renkang 
Elderly Care Centre (“Renkang Hospital Group”)
仁康醫院及其附屬公司仁康護理院  
（ 「仁康醫院集團」 ）
The PRC/Mainland China
中國╱中國內地
43 43 40 2,298 51,869 51,829
Anhui Hualin Group
安徽樺霖集團
The PRC/Mainland China
中國╱中國內地
43 43 1,657 1,568 23,170 21,513
Kanghua Haemodialysis Group (Note)
康華血液透析集團 （附註）
The PRC/Mainland China
中國╱中國內地
30 – (6,561) – (52,214) –
22,825 73,342
Note: During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group acquired 70% equity 
interest of Kanghua Haemodialysis Group. For details of the acquisition, 
please refer to note 35.
28. 儲備（續）
保留盈利
計入保留盈利中的金額人民幣 3,561,000
元 （二零二三年：人民幣2,936,000元）
指安徽樺霖集團的受限制保留盈利，
除非清盤，否則不可分派。
29. 擁有重大非控股權益之非全資
附屬公司
下表顯示本集團於報告期末擁有重大
非控股權益之非全資附屬公司的詳情：
附註： 截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止
年度，本集團收購康華血液透析集團
的額外 70%股權。收購事項詳情請參
閱附註 35。


===== PAGE 257 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
256
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
29. NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL 
NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued)
Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group’s 
subsidiaries that has material non-controlling interests is set out below. 
The summarised financial information below represents amounts before 
intragroup eliminations.
Renkang Hospital Group
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Current assets 流動資產 102,122 85,014
Non-current assets 非流動資產 107,080 121,237
Current liabilities 流動負債 (85,140) (74,609)
Non-current liabilities 非流動負債 – (7,675)
Revenue 收益 245,100 261,577
Profit and total comprehensive income  
for the year
年內溢利及全面收入總額
95 5,346
Net cash inflow from operating activities 經營活動所得淨現金流入 31,698 13,329
Net cash (outflow)/inflow from investing activities 投資活動所得淨現金 （流出） ╱流入 (28,397) 6,924
Net cash outflow from financing activities 融資活動所得淨現金流出 (7,376) (17,992)
Net cash (outflow)/inflow 淨現金 （流出） ╱流入 (4,075) 2,261
29. 擁有重大非控股權益之非全資
附屬公司（續）
有關擁有重大非控股權益之本集團各
附屬公司的財務資料概要載列如下。
以下財務資料概要指集團內公司間對
銷前的金額。
仁康醫院集團


===== PAGE 258 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
257
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
29. NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL 
NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued)
Anhui Hualin Group
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Current assets 流動資產 61,646 59,891
Non-current assets 非流動資產 27,079 31,787
Current liabilities 流動負債 (25,710) (28,828)
Non-current liabilities 非流動負債 (9,174) (12,819)
Revenue 收益 128,449 141,241
Profit and total comprehensive income 
for the year
年內溢利及全面收入總額
3,810 3,710
Net cash inflow from operating activities 經營活動所得淨現金流入 14,276 22,307
Net cash outflow from investing activities 投資活動所得淨現金流出 (5,241) (2,863)
Net cash outflow from financing activities 融資活動所得淨現金流出 (4,403) (11,374)
Net cash inflow 淨現金流入 4,632 8,070
29. 擁有重大非控股權益之非全資
附屬公司（續）
安徽樺霖集團


===== PAGE 259 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
258
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
29. NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL 
NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued)
Kanghua Haemodialysis Group
2024
二零二四年
RMB’000
人民幣千元
Current assets 流動資產 28,101
Non-current assets 非流動資產 70,236
Current liabilities 流動負債 (116,978)
Non-current liabilities 非流動負債 (155,407)
Revenue 收益 75,770
Loss and total comprehensive loss for the year 年內虧損及全面虧損總額 (21,871)
Net cash outflow from operating activities 經營活動所得淨現金流出 (18,825)
Net cash outflow from investing activities 投資活動所得淨現金流出 (11,959)
Net cash inflow from financing activities 融資活動所得淨現金流入 16,900
Net cash outflow 淨現金流出 (13,884)
30. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
(a) Major non-cash transactions
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group entered into 
new lease agreements for the use of leased properties. On the lease 
commencement, the Group recognised approximately RMB2,828,000 
(2023: RMB514,000) of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities.
29. 擁有重大非控股權益之非全資
附屬公司（續）
康華血液透析集團
30. 綜合現金流量表附註
(a) 主要非現金交易
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日
止年度， 本集團訂立新租賃協議，
以使用租賃物業。 於租賃開始時，
本集團確認使用權資產及租賃
負債約人民幣 2,828,000元（ 二 零
二三年：人民幣 514,000元 ）。


===== PAGE 260 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
259
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
30. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
(Continued)
(b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
Amount
due to a
non-controlling
shareholder
of a subsidiary Bank loans
Interest 
payable
Lease
liabilities Total
應付
一間附屬公司
非控股股東
款項 銀行貸款 應付利息 租賃負債 總計
(note 24) (note 25) (note 15(b))
（附註 24） （附註 25） （附註 15(b)）
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
At 1 January 2023 於二零二三年一月一日 26,861 280,933 467 148,985 457,246
Changes from financing 
cash flows
融資現金流量變動
(26,861) 35,246 (14,663) (49,285) (55,563)
New leases 新租賃 – – – 514 514
Finance costs incurred 已產生之融資成本 – 2,646 14,627 7,543 24,816
At 31 December 2023 and 
1 January 2024
於二零二三年  
十二月三十一日及  
二零二四年一月一日 – 318,825 431 107,757 427,013
Changes from financing 
cash flows
融資現金流量變動
(75,100) (101,438) (13,078) (62,089) (251,705)
Acquisition of subsidiaries 
(note 35)
收購附屬公司 （附註35）
209,348 – – 36,143 245,491
Early termination of lease 
contract
提早終止租賃合同
– – – (221) (221)
New leases 新租賃 – – – 2,828 2,828
Finance costs incurred 已產生之融資成本 – 11,680 12,647 7,171 31,498
At 31 December 2024 於二零二四年  
十二月三十一日 134,248 229,067 – 91,589 454,904
30. 綜合現金流量表附註（續）
(b) 融資活動產生的負債變動


===== PAGE 261 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
260
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
30. 綜合現金流量表附註（續）
(c) 租賃現金流出總額
計入綜合現金流量表的租賃現金
流出總額如下：
本集團定期就康復中心、血液透
析中心及員工宿舍訂立短期租賃。
於二零二四年及二零二三年十二
月三十一日，短期租賃的資產組
合與附註 8披露的短期租賃開支
相關的短期租賃資產組合相若。
31. 或然負債
本集團作為被告牽涉於其一般業務營
運中產生的若干醫療糾紛。除附註 23
所披露就此等糾紛作出的撥備外，本
集團管理層相信於二零二四年十二月
三十一日， 涉及人民幣14,292,000元（ 二
零二三年：人民幣 13,949,000元 ）的 其
他醫療糾紛的最終結果將不會對本集
團的財務狀況或營運造成重大影響，
而流出金額 （如有） 無法於司法鑒定前
充分可靠地釐定。因此，本集團並無
就此作出撥備。
30. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
(Continued)
(c) Total cash outflow for leases
The total cash outflow for leases included in the consolidated 
statement of cash flows is as follows:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Within operating activities 於經營活動內 16,717 15,064
Within investing activities 於投資活動內 272 –
Within financing activities 於融資活動內 62,089 49,285
79,078 64,349
The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for rehabilitation 
centres, haemodialysis centres and staff quarters. As at 31 December 
2024 and 2023, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the 
portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term lease expense 
disclosed in Note 8.
31. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
The Group is involved as defendants in certain medical disputes arising 
from its normal business operations. Except for those disputes with 
provision made as disclosed in note 23, the management of the Group 
believes that the final result of other medical disputes with total claims of 
RMB14,292,000 (2023: RMB13,949,000) as at 31 December 2024 will not 
have a material impact on the financial position or operations of the Group 
and the amount of outflow, if any, cannot be determined with sufficient 
reliability prior to judicial appraisals. Accordingly, no provision is made in 
this regard.


===== PAGE 262 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
261
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
32. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the 
reporting period:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Capital expenditure in respect of property, 
plant and equipment contracted for but 
not provided in the consolidated financial 
statements
於綜合財務報表中已訂約但  
未撥備的物業、廠房及設備的  
資本開支
153,706 178,778
33. RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEMES
The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC are members of state-
managed retirement benefit schemes operated by the PRC government. 
The subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of payroll 
costs to the retirement benefit schemes to fund the benefits. The only 
obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefit schemes is to 
make the specified contributions.
The Group operates the MPF Scheme for all qualifying employees in Hong 
Kong. The assets of the schemes are held separately from those of the 
Group, in funds under the control of trustees. The Group contributes 5% 
of relevant payroll costs to the MPF Scheme, of which the contribution is 
matched with those contributed by the employees. For certain employees, 
the maximum monthly contribution is limited to HK$1,500 per employee. 
There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group (as the 
employer) to reduce its contributions in future years (2023: Nil).
32. 資本承擔
於報告期末，本公司有以下資本承擔：
33. 退休福利計劃
本集團的中國附屬公司僱員均為由中
國政府營運的國家管理退休福利計劃
的成員。該等附屬公司須向該退休福
利計劃支付相當於工資成本若干百分
比的款項，作為有關退休福利金。本
集團對該項退休福利計劃的唯一責任
是作出指定供款。
本集團於香港為所有合資格僱員成立
強積金計劃。該計劃之資產與本集團
資產分開處理，由託管人管理的基金
持有。本集團須為強積金計劃的僱員
作出相等於其薪金成本 5%的金額作為
供款。對於若干僱員，每月最高工資
限額為各僱員 1,500港元。並無已沒收
供款可供本集團 （作為僱主） 用以減少
未來年度供款水平 （二零二三年：零） 。


===== PAGE 263 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
262
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
(a) In addition to the amount due to a non-controlling shareholder of a 
subsidiary as mentioned in note 24 and transactions and balances 
disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, 
the Group had entered into the following material related party 
balances/transactions during the year:
Name of related
companies Relationship Nature of transactions 2024 2023
關聯公司名稱 關係 交易性質 二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Kanghua Group
康華集團
Shareholder
股東
Interest expenses on lease 
liabilities
租賃負債之利息開支 3,420 5,312
Lease liabilities
租賃負債 40,051 75,241
Variable lease payment
可變租賃付款 51,088 47,770
Interest expense on amount 
due to immediate holding 
company (note 7)
應付直接控股公司款項利息
開支 （附註7） 3,084 –
Dongguan Tongli. 
Enterprise Co., Ltd
東莞市同力實業  
有限公司
Certain key management 
personnel of the Group 
have ownership  
interest
本集團若干主要管理  
人員擁有所有權權益
Interest expenses on lease 
liabilities
租賃負債之利息開支 655 1,018
Lease liabilities
租賃負債 7,675 14,418
Variable lease payment
可變租賃付款 9,744 8,654
Dongguan Kanghua  
Real Estate  
Development  
Co., Ltd.
東莞市康華房地產開發  
有限公司
A Company owned  
as to 80% by  
Xingye Group
一間由興業集團  
擁有 80%的公司
Project management  
fee paid
已付項目管理費
1,509 580
Dongguan Jingsheng 
Landscape Engineering 
Co., Ltd
東莞市菁盛園林工程  
有限公司
A Company owned  
as to 99% by  
Xingye Group
一間由興業集團  
擁有 99%的公司
Landscape construction  
fee paid
已付景觀建設費
1,703 –
34. 關聯方交易
(a) 除附註24 所述應付一間附屬公
司非控股股東的款項及該等綜合
財務報表其他章節所披露的交易
及結餘外，年內本集團已訂立以
下重大關聯方結餘╱交易：


===== PAGE 264 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
263
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
(a) (Continued)
In addition to the guarantee and securities provided by the Group 
to the relevant bank, Mr. Wang Junyang, the chairman of the Group 
and 東莞市東成石材有限公司, a company controlled by Xingye 
Group also provided guarantees and had pledged its equity shares 
in Kangxin Hospital to secure certain bank loans of the Group as 
detailed in note 25 as at 31 December 2023.
(b) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group
Key management personnel include directors and supervisors. The 
remuneration of the key management personnel during the year is 
disclosed in note 9. The remuneration of directors and supervisors 
is determined by the remuneration committee having regard to the 
performance of individuals and market trends.
The related party transactions in respect of lease payments as disclosed 
in note 34(a) above also constitute continuing connected transactions as 
defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
35. BUSINESS COMBINATION AND ACQUISITIONS
(i) On 15 December 2023, the Company entered into an acquisition 
agreement with YouWang Enterprise, pursuant to which the Company 
had agreed to acquire 70% equity interest in Kanghua Haemodialysis 
Group at a consideration of RMB7,700,000. The acquisition was 
completed on 9 January 2024 and Kanghua Haemodialysis has 
since become a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The 
acquisition has been accounted for using the acquisition method.
RMB’000
人民幣千元
Total consideration 總代價
Cash deposits paid in prior year 過往年度已付現金按金 7,700
34. 關聯方交易（續）
(a) （續）
於二零二三年十二月三十一日，
除本集團向相關銀行提供的擔保
及抵押外，本集團主席王君揚先
生及東莞市東成石材有限公司 （一
家由興業集團控制的公司） 亦提
供擔保並已質押其於康心醫院的
股權以擔保本集團的若干銀行貸
款 （詳情載於附註25）。
(b) 本集團主要管理人員薪酬
主要管理層包括董事及監事。於
本年度，主要管理人員的薪酬披
露於附註 9。董事及監事的薪酬
由薪酬委員會根據個人表現及市
場趨勢釐定。
上文附註 34(a)所披露有關租賃付款的
關聯方交易亦構成持續關連交易 （定義
見上市規則第 14A章 ）。
35. 業務合併及收購
(i) 於二零二三年十二月十五日，本
公司與優旺實業訂立收購協議，
據此本公司已同意以代價人民幣
7,700,000元收購康華血液透析集
團的 70%股權。收購事項已於二
零二四年一月九日完成，且自此
康華血液透析已成為本公司的非
全資附屬公司。本次收購已使用
收購法入賬。


===== PAGE 265 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
264
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
35. BUSINESS COMBINATION AND ACQUISITIONS (Continued)
(i)  (Continued)
Assets and liabilities of Kanghua Haemodialysis Group recognised at 
the date of acquisition
RMB’000
人民幣千元
Assets 資產
Property, plant and equipment 物業、廠房及設備 30,919
Deferred tax assets 遞延稅項資產 8,142
Right-of-use assets 使用權資產 36,143
Deposits paid for acquisition of property,  
plant and equipment
收購物業、廠房及設備已付按金
1,859
Inventories 存貨 3,132
Accounts and other receivables 應收賬款及其他應收款項 16,538
Bank balances and cash 銀行結餘及現金 6,132
102,865
Liabilities 負債
Accounts and other payables 應付賬款及其他應付款項 9,551
Amount due to a non-controlling shareholder of 
a subsidiary
應付一間附屬公司非控股股東的款項
209,348
Lease liabilities 租賃負債 36,143
255,042
Total identifiable net liabilities 可識別淨負債總額 (152,177)
Non-controlling interests
The non-controlling interests (30%) in Kanghua Haemodialysis Group 
recognised at the acquisition date was measured by reference to 
the proportionate share of recognised amounts of net liabilities of 
Kanghua Haemodialysis Group and amounted to RMB45,653,000.
35. 業務合併及收購（續）
(i) （續）
於收購日期確認的康華血液透析
集團的資產及負債
非控股權益
於收購日期確認的康華血液透析
集團非控股權益(30%) 經參照康
華血液透析集團已確認負債淨額
的比例份額計量，金額為人民幣
45,653,000元。


===== PAGE 266 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
265
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
35. BUSINESS COMBINATION AND ACQUISITIONS (Continued)
(i)  (Continued)
Goodwill arising on acquisition of Kanghua Haemodialysis Group
RMB’000
人民幣千元
Total consideration 總代價 7,700
Less: non-controlling interests 減：非控股權益 (45,653)
Add: recognised amounts of  
net liabilities acquired
加：已確認之所收購負債淨額
152,177
Goodwill arising on acquisition 收購產生之商譽 114,224
Goodwill arose on acquisition of Kanghua Haemodialysis Group 
because the acquisition included the assembled workforce and 
established outpatient centres of Kanghua Haemodialysis Group 
and potential corporate synergies. These benefits are not recognised 
separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition 
criteria for identifiable intangible assets.
None of the goodwill arising on the acquisition is expected to be 
deductible for tax purposes.
Net cash inflow arising on acquisition of Kanghua Haemodiaysis 
Group
RMB’000
人民幣千元
Total consideration 總代價 7,700
Less: utilisation of deposit paid for acquisition  
of subsidiaries in prior year
減：動用過往年度收購附屬公司已付按金
(7,700)
Add: cash and cash equivalents acquired 加：已獲得現金及現金等價物 6,132
6,132
Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group
Included in the profit for the current year is a loss of RMB21,333,000 
attributable to the additional business incurred by Kanghua 
Haemodialysis Group. Revenue for the current year includes 
RMB75,770,000 generated from Kanghua Haemodialysis Group.
35. 業務合併及收購（續）
(i) （續）
收購康華血液透析集團產生之商
譽
收購康華血液透析集團時產生商
譽，原因是收購包括康華血液透
析集團的配套員工及已成立門診
中心及潛在企業協同效應。該等
效益並無與商譽分開確認，因其
不符合可識別無形資產的確認標
準。
預計收購產生之商譽均不可作扣
稅用途。
收購康華血液透析集團產生之現
金流入淨額
收購對本集團業績之影響
本年度溢利包括來自康華血液透
析集團的額外業務所產生的虧損
人民幣21,333,000 元。本年度收
益包括康華血液透析集團所產生
的人民幣 75,770,000元。


===== PAGE 267 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
266
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
35. BUSINESS COMBINATION AND ACQUISITIONS (Continued)
(i)  (Continued)
Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group (Continued)
The ‘ pro-forma ’ revenue and profit of the Group had Kanghua 
Haemodialysis Group been acquired at the beginning of current 
year are not disclosed given the short period from 1 January 2024 to 
completion date of the acquisition.
(ii) During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group acquired 
40% equity interest of Kangxin Hospital from the non-controlling 
shareholder at a consideration of RMB108,000,000. Kangxin Hospital 
became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group after the acquisition. 
The difference between the accumulated loss attributable to non-
controlling shareholder of Kangxin Hospital of RMB87,884,000 and 
the consideration paid by the Group of RMB195,884,000 and was 
debited to the other reserve and accumulated in equity. 
(iii) During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group acquired 32.9% 
equity interest of 合肥市愛康慧健康管理有限公司  from the non-
controlling shareholder at a consideration of RMB57,000. The Group 
owned 90.6% equity interest in Hefei Aikanghui as a result of the 
acquisition.
35. 業務合併及收購（續）
(i) （續）
收購對本集團業績之影響（續）
由於二零二四年一月一日至完成
收購日期的時間較短，因此並無
披露倘本年度初收購康華血液透
析集團，本集團的 「備考」 收益及
溢利。
(ii) 截至二零二三年十二月三十一
日止年度，本集團以代價人民幣
108,000,000元向非控股股東收購
康心醫院 40%股權。康心醫院於
收購後成為本集團的全資附屬公
司。康心醫院非控股股東應佔累
計虧損人民幣 87,884,000元與本
集團已付代價人民幣 195,884,000
元之間的差額已計入其他儲備及
累計於權益。
(iii) 截至二零二三年十二月三十一
日止年度，本集團以代價人民
幣 57,000元向非控股股東收購合
肥市愛康慧健康管理有限公司
32.9% 股權。本集團因收購擁有
合肥愛康慧 90.6%股權。


===== PAGE 268 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
267
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
36. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be 
able to continue as a going concern while maximising the return to the 
shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The 
Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior years.
The capital structure of the Group consists of debts, which include lease 
liabilities, amount due to a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary and 
bank loans disclosed in notes 15(b), 24 and 25, respectively, net of cash 
and cash equivalents and equity attributable to owners of the Company, 
comprising share capital and reserves.
The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a regular 
basis. As part of this review, the directors of the Company consider 
the cost and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on 
recommendation of the directors of the Company, the Group will balance 
its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends, new share 
issues as well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debt.
The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is measured on 
the basis of the total interest-bearing bank loans divided by the total equity. 
At 31 December 2024, the Group’s gearing ratio was approximately 15.7% 
(2023: 21.3%).
36. 資本風險管理
本集團管理其資本以確保本集團內的
實體將能持續經營，同時透過優化債
務及股本平衡盡可能提高股東回報。
本集團的整體策略自去年保持不變。
本集團的資本架構包括債務，債務包
括附註 15(b)、24及 25分別披露的租賃
負債、應付一間附屬公司非控股股東
款項及銀行貸款 （扣除現金及現金等價
物） 以及本公司擁有人應佔權益 （包括
股本及儲備） 。
本公司董事定期檢討資本架構。作為
該檢討的一部分，本公司董事考慮各
類資本相關的成本及風險。根據本公
司董事的推薦意見，本集團將透過支
付股息、發行新股以及發行新債務或
贖回現有債務平衡其整體資本架構。
本集團採用資本負債比率 （按計息銀
行貸款除以權益總額計量） 來監控資
本。於二零二四年十二月三十一日，
本集團的資本負債比率約為 15.7%（二
零二三年： 21.3%）。


===== PAGE 269 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
268
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
37. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
The carrying amounts of each category of financial instruments at the end 
of the reporting period are as follows:
Financial assets:
As at 31 December 2024
Financial
assets at
amortised
cost
Financial
assets at
fair value
through
profit or loss Total
按攤銷成本
列賬的
金融資產
按公平值
計入損益的
金融資產 總計
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Restricted bank balances 受限制銀行結餘 3,088 – 3,088
Bank balances and cash 銀行結餘及現金 242,604 – 242,604
Fixed bank deposits 定期銀行存款 65,800 – 65,800
Financial assets included in  
accounts and other receivables
計入應收賬款及其他
應收款項的金融資產 286,063 – 286,063
Financial assets at fair value through  
profit or loss
按公平值計入損益的  
金融資產 – 394,000 394,000
597,555 394,000 991,555
37. 按類別劃分的金融工具
於報告期末各類金融工具的賬面值如
下：
金融資產：
於二零二四年十二月三十一日


===== PAGE 270 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
269
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
37. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)
Financial assets: (Continued)
As at 31 December 2023
Financial
assets at
amortised
cost
Financial
assets at
fair value
through
profit or loss Total
按攤銷成本
列賬的
金融資產
按公平值
計入損益的
金融資產 總計
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Restricted bank balances 受限制銀行結餘 2,732 – 2,732
Bank balances and cash 銀行結餘及現金 305,171 – 305,171
Fixed bank deposits 定期銀行存款 63,350 – 63,350
Financial assets included in accounts 
and other receivables
計入應收賬款及其他應收款項  
的金融資產 270,081 – 270,081
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss
按公平值計入損益的金融資產
– 383,400 383,400
641,334 383,400 1,024,734
Financial liabilities:
Financial liabilities at
amortised cost
按攤銷成本列賬的金融負債
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Financial liabilities included in accounts and 
other payables
計入應付賬款及其他應付款項  
的金融負債 501,638 457,930
Amount due to a non-controlling shareholder  
of a subsidiary
應付一間附屬公司的非控股股東款
項 134,248 –
Bank loans 銀行貸款 229,067 318,825
Lease liabilities 租賃負債 91,589 107,757
956,542 884,512
37. 按類別劃分的金融工具（續）
金融資產：（續）
於二零二三年十二月三十一日
金融負債：


===== PAGE 271 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
270
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
38. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL 
INSTRUMENTS
Management has assessed that the fair values of restricted bank balances, 
fixed bank deposits, bank balances and cash, financial assets included 
in accounts and other receivables, amount due to a non-controlling 
shareholder of a subsidiary, financial liabilities included in accounts and 
other payables and the current portion of bank loans approximate to their 
carrying amounts.
The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at 
the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current 
transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation 
sale.
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair 
values:
The fair value of the non-current portion of bank loans has been calculated 
by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently 
available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining 
maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-
performance risk for bank loans as at 31 December 2024 were assessed 
to be insignificant. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, their 
carrying amounts are not significantly different from their respective fair 
values.
The fair value of the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss is determined by reference to recent transaction prices of the 
investments or carried at valuations performed by management, external 
valuer or related administrators.
38. 金融工具的公平值及公平值層
級
管理層已評估受限制銀行結餘、定期
銀行存款、銀行結餘及現金、計入應
收賬款及其他應收款項的金融資產、
應付一間附屬公司的非控股股東款項、
計入應付賬款及其他應付款項的金融
負債以及銀行貸款流動部分的公平值
與其賬面值相若。
金融資產及負債的公平值按自願訂約
方之間現時進行交易 （強迫或清盤出售
交易除外） 中買賣該等工具的金額入賬。
以下方法及假設乃用於估計公平值：
銀行貸款非流動部分的公平值已通過
使用目前可用於具有類似條款、信貸
風險及剩餘到期日的工具的費率貼現
預期未來現金流量進行計算。於二零
二四年十二月三十一日，本集團有關
銀行貸款的違約風險所導致的公平值
變動被評估為屬不重大。本公司董事
認為，其賬面值與其各自的公平值並
無重大差異。
本集團按公平值計入損益的金融資產
之公平值乃參考該等投資之近日成交
價而釐定，或按管理層、外部估值師
或相關行政機構提供之估值列賬。


===== PAGE 272 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
271
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
38. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL 
INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
Fair value hierarchy
The following tables illustrate the fair value hierarchy and valuation 
techniques of the Group’s financial assets measured at fair value:
Fair value as at 31 December
於十二月三十一日之公平值 Fair value 
hierarchy Valuation technique
Significant 
unobservable inputs2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年 公平值層級 估值技術 關鍵輸入數據
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss
按公平值計入損益的  
金融資產
– Fund investment 
基金投資
24,000 33,400 Level 3
第三級
Market multiple 
approach based 
on the recent 
transaction price 
(Note 1)
基於近期交易價格市
場倍數法 （附註1）
Multiples used in the 
recent transaction 
price (Note 1)
近期交易價格所  
採用的倍數  
（附註 1）
– Structured bank deposits 
結構性銀行存款
370,000 350,000 Level 3
第三級
Discounted cash flow 
(Note 2)
貼現現金流  
（附註 2）
Discount rate, 
estimated return 
(Note 2)
貼現率、估計收益  
（附註 2）
Note 1: In estimating the fair value of the fund investment, the Group engages an 
external valuer to perform the valuation which is reviewed by management. 
The higher the multiples used in the recent transaction price, the higher the 
fair value.
Note 2: The higher the discount rate, the lower fair value; the higher the estimated 
return, the higher the fair value.
38. 金融工具的公平值及公平值層
級（續）
公平值層級
下表說明本集團按公平值計量的金融
資產的公平值層級及估值技術：
附註 1： 於估計基金投資的公平值時，本集
團委聘外部估值師進行估值，並由
管理層進行審查。近期交易價格所
採用的倍數越高，公平值越高。
附註 2： 貼現率越高，公平值越低；估計  
收益越高，公平值越高。


===== PAGE 273 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
272
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
38. 金融工具的公平值及公平值層
級（續）
公平值層級（續）
於二零二四年及二零二三年十二月
三十一日，本集團並無任何按公平值
計量的金融負債。
年內第三級公平值計量變動如下：
於兩個年度，金融資產及金融負債的
公平值計量並無於第一級與第二級之
間轉撥，亦無轉入或轉出第三級。
39. 金融風險管理目標及政策
本集團的主要金融工具包括按公平值
計入損益的金融資產、若干應收賬款
及其他應收款項、定期銀行存款、受
限制銀行結餘、銀行結餘及現金、若
干應付賬款及其他應付款項、應付一
間附屬公司非控股股東款項、銀行貸
款及租賃負債。該等金融工具的詳情
披露於各自附註。該等金融工具的相
關風險及有關如何減少該等風險的政
策載列如下。管理層管理及監控該等
風險，確保及時有效實施適當措施。
38. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL 
INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 
31 December 2024 and 2023.
The movement in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year 
are as follows:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
At 1 January 於一月一日 383,400 508,000
Purchases 購買 750,000 868,000
Disposals 出售 (730,000) (990,000)
Fair value change included in other expenses, 
gains and losses, net
計入其他開支、收益及虧損淨額的
公平值變動 (9,400) (2,600)
At 31 December 於十二月三十一日 394,000 383,400
During both years, there were no transfers of fair value measurements 
between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3 for both 
financial assets and financial liabilities.
39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
The Group’s major financial instruments include financial assets at fair 
value through profit or loss, certain accounts and other receivables, fixed 
bank deposits, restricted bank balances, bank balances and cash, certain 
accounts and other payables, amount due to a non-controlling shareholder 
of a subsidiary, bank loans and lease liabilities. Details of these financial 
instruments are disclosed in the respective notes. The risks associated with 
these financial instruments and the policies on how to mitigate these risks 
are set out below. Management manages and monitors these exposures 
to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective 
manner.


===== PAGE 274 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
273
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES 
(Continued)
(i) Market risk
Interest rate risk
The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to 
variable-rate bank balances and a bank loan due to the fluctuation 
of the prevailing market interest rate. The Group is also exposed to 
fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate fixed bank deposits, 
restricted bank balances and a fixed-rate bank loan. The Group 
currently does not have a policy on hedging of interest rate risks. 
However, management monitors interest rate exposures and will 
consider hedging significant interest rate risk should the need arise.
The Group’s exposure to interest rate risk on financial liabilities 
is detailed in the liquidity risk management section of this note. 
The Group’s cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on 
the fluctuation of benchmark interest rate for loans offered by the 
People’s Bank of China arising from the bank loan.
The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the 
exposure to interest rates for the bank loan and bank balances. The 
analyses were prepared assuming these balances outstanding at 
the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year.
50 basis points (2023: 50 basis points) increase represents 
management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change 
in interest rates. Management does not anticipate a decrease in 
interest rate for bank loan and bank balances in the next financial 
year having regard to the trends in benchmark interest rate for the 
loan offered by the People’s Bank of China and global economic 
environment. Accordingly, sensitivity analysis on a decrease in 
interest rates is not presented.
If interest rates on the bank loan and bank balances had been 50 
basis points (2023: 50 basis points) higher and all other variables 
were held constant, the profit for the year would increase by 
approximately RMB68,000 (2023: profit for the year would increase 
by approximately RMB262,000).
39. 金融風險管理目標及政策（續）
(i) 市場風險
利率風險
由於現行市場利率波動，本集團
面對與可變利率銀行結餘及銀行
貸款有關的現金流量利率風險。
本集團亦面對與固定利率定期銀
行存款、受限制銀行結餘及固定
利率銀行貸款有關的公平值利率
風險。本集團目前並無有關對沖
利率風險的政策。然而，管理層
監察利率風險及將於有需要時考
慮對沖重大利率風險。
本集團承受的金融負債利率風險
詳載於本附註流動資金風險管理
一節。本集團現金流量利率風險
主要集中於由銀行貸款引起的中
國人民銀行提供的貸款基準利率
的波動。
下文之敏感度分析乃根據銀行貸
款及銀行結餘的利率風險而釐定。
該分析乃假設於報告期末的該等
未償還結餘乃於整年未償還而編
製。
50個基點 （二零二三年：50個基
點） 的增加指管理層對於利率合
理的可能變動的評估。考慮到中
國人民銀行提供的貸款基準利率
的趨勢及全球經濟環境，管理層
並不預期銀行貸款及銀行結餘的
利率會在下個財政年度下調，因
此並無呈列利率減少的敏感度分
析。
倘銀行貸款及銀行結餘的利率上
升 50個基點 （二零二三年：50個
基點） 及所有其他變數保持不變，
年內溢利將增加約人民幣 68,000
元 （二零二三年：年內溢利將增
加約人民幣 262,000元 ）。


===== PAGE 275 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
274
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES 
(Continued)
(i) Market risk (Continued)
Foreign currency risk
The Group’s exposure to currency risk attributable to monetary 
assets and liabilities, which are denominated in currencies other 
than the functional currency of the entity to which they related. The 
Group considers its foreign currency exposure mainly arises from the 
exposure of RMB against HK$ and United States Dollar (“USD”).
The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated 
monetary assets and monetary liabilities at 31 December 2024 and 
2023 are as follows:
Assets
資產
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
HK$ 港元 66,675 66,210
USD 美元 58 1,182
66,733 67,392
The Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging policy. 
However, the management monitors foreign exchange exposure 
and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure 
should the need arise.
39. 金融風險管理目標及政策（續）
(i) 市場風險（續）
外匯風險
本集團面臨來自以相關實體功能
貨幣以外貨幣列值的貨幣資產及
負債之貨幣風險。本集團認為，
其外匯風險主要來自人民幣兌港
元及美元 （ 「美元」 ） 的風險。
於二零二四年及二零二三年十二
月三十一日，本集團以外幣計價
的貨幣資產及貨幣負債賬面值如
下：
本集團目前並無外幣對沖政策。
然而，管理屬監察外匯風險，並
將於有需要時考慮對沖重大外幣
風險。


===== PAGE 276 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
275
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES 
(Continued)
(i) Market risk (Continued)
Foreign currency risk (Continued)
As at 31 December 2024, if HK$ had strengthened/weakened 
against RMB by 5% (2023: 5%) with all other variables held constant, 
profit for the year would have been higher/lower by approximately 
RMB2,784,000 (2023: RMB2,762,000) mainly as a result of the 
increase/decrease in net foreign exchange gains on translation of 
bank balances and cash and, other receivables denominated in 
non-functional currencies of the relevant group entities. If USD had 
strengthened/weakened against RMB by 5% with all other variables 
held constant, profit for the year would have been higher/lower by 
approximately RMB2,000 (2023: RMB49,000) mainly as a result of 
the increase/decrease in net foreign exchange gains on translation 
of bank balances and cash, other receivables and other payables 
denominated in non-functional currencies of the relevant group 
entities.
(ii) Other price risk
The Group is exposed to equity price risk through fund investment 
classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.
For investment in fund investment, the composition of the underlying 
investment mainly consists of unlisted equity securities. The Group 
has designated a special team to monitor the price risk and will 
consider hedging the risk exposure should the need arise. The 
Group’s post-tax profit for the year would increase/decrease by 
RMB2,400,000 (2023: RMB3,600,000), respectively, if the price of the 
fund investment had been 10% higher/lower.
39. 金融風險管理目標及政策（續）
(i) 市場風險（續）
外匯風險（續）
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，
倘港元兌人民幣升值╱貶值5%
（二零二三年： 5% ） ，而所有
其他變數維持不變，年內溢利
將增加╱減少約人民幣 2,784,000
元 （二零二三年：人民幣2,762,000
元） ，主要由於換算以相關集團
實體非功能貨幣列值的銀行結餘
及現金以及其他應收款項之外匯
收益淨額增加╱減少。倘美元兌
人民幣升值╱貶值5%，而所有
其他變數維持不變，年內溢利將
增加╱減少約人民幣 2,000元（ 二
零二三年：人民幣49,000 元 ），
主要由於換算以相關集團實體非
功能貨幣列值的銀行結餘及現金、
其他應收款項及其他應付款項之
外匯收益淨額增加╱減少。
(ii) 其他價格風險
本集團通過基金投資面臨權益價
格風險，該基金被歸類為按公平
值計入損益的金融資產。
對於投資基金的投資，相關投資
的構成主要包括非上市股本證券。
本集團已指定一個特別小組監察
價格風險，並將會在有需要時考
慮對沖風險。倘基金投資的價格
上漲╱下跌 10%，本年度本集團
的除稅後溢利將分別增加╱減
少人民幣 2,400,000元 （二零二三
年：人民幣 3,600,000元 ）。


===== PAGE 277 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
276
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES 
(Continued)
(ii) Other price risk (Continued)
Management considered the remaining balance of financial assets 
at fair value through profit or loss, representing structured bank 
deposits, is not subject to material price risk.
(iii) Credit risk and impairment assessment
Accounts receivable
The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in the event of the 
counterparties’ failure to perform their obligations at the end of the 
reporting period in relation to each class of recognised financial 
assets is the carrying amount of these assets as stated in the 
consolidated statement of financial position of the Group.
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group collectively 
assessed the lifetime ECL based on a rating of probability of default 
with reference to external default rate by operating industries of the 
counterparty other than accounts receivable for PRC government’s 
social insurance schemes and certain credit-impaired debtors 
of RMB13,881,000 (2023: RMB12,305,000) which are assessed 
individually as at 31 December 2024. 
39. 金融風險管理目標及政策（續）
(ii) 其他價格風險（續）
管理層認為按公平值計入損益的
金融資產餘額指結構性銀行存款
但不包括重大價格風險。
(iii) 信貸風險及減值評估
應收賬款
倘對手方未能履行其責任，則本
集團於報告期末就各類已確認金
融資產面臨的最大信貸風險為本
集團綜合財務狀況表內所載該等
資產的賬面值。
截至二零二四年十二月三十一
日止年度，本集團根據違約概率
評級，參考交易對手經營行業的
外部違約率，共同評估全期預期
信貸虧損，惟中國政府社會保
險計劃及於二零二四年十二月
三十一日個別評估的若干信貸
減值債務人的應收賬款人民幣
13,881,000元 （二零二三年：人民
幣 12,305,000元） 除外。


===== PAGE 278 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
277
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES 
(Continued)
(iii) Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
Accounts receivable (Continued)
The following table provides information about the exposure to credit 
risk for trade receivables from PRC government’s social insurance 
schemes and other trade receivables which are assessed on a 
collective basis within lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired).
Gross carrying amount
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
Type of debtor
Average 
loss rate
Trade 
receivables
Average 
loss rate
Trade 
receivables
債務人類別 平均虧損率 貿易應收款項 平均虧損率 貿易應收款項
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
PRC government’s social 
insurance schemes
中國政府的社會  
保險計劃 0.06% 225,576 0.19% 228,246
Corporate customers 企業客戶 1.21% 14,799 0.40% 11,012
Individual customers 個人客戶 1.59% 25,941 1.24% 18,182
266,316 257,440
39. 金融風險管理目標及政策（續）
(iii) 信貸風險及減值評估（續）
應收賬款（續）
下表提供於全期預期信貸虧損內
（未發生信貸減值） 按集體基準評
估有關中國政府社會保險計劃之
貿易應收款項及其他貿易應收款
項所面臨信貸風險的資料。
賬面總值


===== PAGE 279 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
278
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES 
(Continued)
(iii) Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
Accounts receivable (Continued)
The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECLs that has 
been recognised for accounts receivable under the simplified 
approach.
Lifetime ECLs
(not credit-
impaired)
Lifetime ECLs
(credit-
impaired) Total
全期預期
信貸虧損
（非信貸減值）
全期預期
信貸虧損
（信貸減值） 總計
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
As at 1 January 2023 於二零二三年一月一日 740 11,199 11,939
Loss allowance recognised 已確認虧損撥備 265 5,324 5,589
Loss allowance reversed 已撥回虧損撥備 (295) (2,586) (2,881)
Write-off 撇銷 – (1,632) (1,632)
As at 31 December 2023 and at 
1 January 2024
於二零二三年  
十二月三十一日及  
於二零二四年一月一日 710 12,305 13,015
Loss allowance recognised 已確認虧損撥備 284 8,519 8,803
Loss allowance reversed 已撥回虧損撥備 (264) (4,155) (4,419)
Write-off 撇銷 – (2,762) (2,762)
Reclassified as held for sale 重新分類為持作出售 (13) (26) (39)
As at 31 December 2024 於二零二四年  
十二月三十一日 717 13,881 14,598
39. 金融風險管理目標及政策（續）
(iii) 信貸風險及減值評估（續）
應收賬款（續）
下表列明根據簡化方法確認應收
賬款的全期預期信貸虧損的變動。


===== PAGE 280 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
279
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES 
(Continued)
(iii) Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
Accounts receivable (Continued)
In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Company 
has delegated a team responsible for the determination of credit 
limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures over the 
customers to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue 
debts. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverable amount of 
each individual debt at the end of each year to ensure that adequate 
loss allowance is made for irrecoverable amounts. In this regard, 
the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is 
significantly reduced.
The Group has concentration of credit risk as 84.8% (2023: 86.4%) 
and 98.9% (2023: 94.6%) of the total accounts receivable were 
due from the Group’s largest debtor and the five largest debtors, 
respectively.
39. 金融風險管理目標及政策（續）
(iii) 信貸風險及減值評估（續）
應收賬款（續）
為盡可能降低信貸風險，本公司
管理層已委派一個團隊負責釐定
有關客戶的信貸上限、信貸審批
及其他監控程序，確保採取跟進
措施收回逾期債務。此外，本集
團於各年末檢討各個別債務的可
收回金額，確保就不可收回金額
作出足夠虧損撥備。就此而言，
本公司董事認為本集團的信貸風
險已大幅減少。
本集團的信貸風險集中度為
84.8%（二零二三年： 86.4%）， 應
收賬款總額的98.9% （二零二三
年：94.6%） 分別來自本集團最大
的債務人及五大債務人。


===== PAGE 281 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
280
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES 
(Continued)
(iii) Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
Financial assets included in other receivables
The Group collectively assessed the lifetime ECLs based on the rating 
of probability of default other than certain credit-impaired debtors of 
RMB1,833,000 (2023: RMB2,180,000) which are assessed individually 
as at 31 December 2024 and 2023.
The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of financial 
assets included in other receivables are as follows:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
At beginning of year 於年初 2,380 2,320
Impairment losses reversed 已撥回減值虧損 (427) (398)
Impairment losses recognised 已確認減值虧損 320 458
Reclassified as held for sale 重新分類為持作出售 (84) –
At end of year 於年末 2,189 2,380
An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date by 
considering the probability of default of counterparties. The Group 
also takes into account the forward-looking information to reflect 
the debtors’ probability of default under the current conditions and 
forecasts of future economic conditions, as appropriate. As at 31 
December 2024, the average loss rate of financial assets included in 
other receivables was 9.7% (2023: 15.3%).
39. 金融風險管理目標及政策（續）
(iii) 信貸風險及減值評估（續）
計入其他應收款項的金融資產
本集團基於 （而非若干信貸減值
債務人民幣 1,833,000 元（ 二 零
二三年：人民幣2,180,000 元 ），
於二零二四年及二零二三年十二
月三十一日已對該款項作出個別
評估） 違約概率共同評估全期預
期信貸虧損。
計入其他應收款項的金融資產減
值虧損撥備的變動如下：
於各報告日期通過考慮交易對
手違約概率進行減值分析。本集
團亦會考慮前瞻性資料，以反
映債務人在當前條件下的違約
概率及對未來經濟狀況的預測
（倘適當） 。於二零二四年十二月
三十一日，計入其他應收款項的
金融資產平均虧損率為 9.7%（二 
零二三年： 15.3%）。


===== PAGE 282 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
281
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
39. 金融風險管理目標及政策（續）
(iii) 信貸風險及減值評估（續）
計入其他應收款項的金融資產
本集團基於 （而非若干信貸減值
債務人民幣 1,833,000 元（ 二 零
二三年：人民幣2,180,000 元 ），
於二零二四年及二零二三年十二
月三十一日已對該款項作出個別
評估） 違約概率共同評估全期預
期信貸虧損。
計入其他應收款項的金融資產減
值虧損撥備的變動如下：
於各報告日期通過考慮交易對
手違約概率進行減值分析。本集
團亦會考慮前瞻性資料，以反
映債務人在當前條件下的違約
概率及對未來經濟狀況的預測
（倘適當） 。於二零二四年十二月
三十一日，計入其他應收款項的
金融資產平均虧損率為 9.7%（二 
零二三年： 15.3%）。
39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES 
(Continued)
(iii) Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
Maximum exposure and year-end staging
The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure 
to credit risk based on the Group’s credit policy, which is mainly 
based on the customer type and market default rate unless other 
information is available without undue cost or effort, and year-end 
staging classification as at 31 December. The amounts presented are 
gross carrying amounts for financial assets.
At 31 December 2024
12-month ECLs Lifetime ECLs
12 個月預期
信貸虧損 全期預期信貸虧損
Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3
Simplified
approach
not credit-
impaired
Simplified
approach
credit-
impaired Total
第一階段 第二階段 第三階段
簡化方法
（非信貸減值）
簡化方法
（信貸減值） 總計
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Accounts receivable 應收賬款 – – – 266,316 13,881 280,197
Restricted bank balances 受限制銀行結餘
 – Not yet past due  －尚未逾期 3,088 – – – – 3,088
Bank balances and cash 銀行結餘及現金
 – Not yet past due  －尚未逾期 308,404 – – – – 308,404
Financial assets included in 
other receivables
計入其他應收款項的  
金融資產
 – Normal*  －正常 * 20,820 – – – – 20,820
 – Doubtful*  －呆賬 * – – 1,833 – – 1,833
332,312 – 1,833 266,316 13,881 614,342
39. 金融風險管理目標及政策（續）
(iii) 信貸風險及減值評估（續）
最高風險及年終階段分類
下表列示基於本集團信貸政策的
信貸質素及最大信貸風險敞口以
及十二月三十一日的年終階段分
類，而本集團的信貸政策則主要
基於客戶類型及市場違約率 （毋
須過多成本或努力即可獲得的其
他資料除外） 。所呈列的該等金
額指金融資產的賬面總值。
於二零二四年十二月三十一日


===== PAGE 283 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
282
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
39. 金融風險管理目標及政策（續）
(iii) 信貸風險及減值評估（續）
最高風險及年終階段分類（續）
於二零二三年十二月三十一日
* 計入其他應收款項之金融資產
倘並無逾期，且並無資料顯示
有關金融資產的信貸風險自初
步確認以來顯著增加，則其信
貸質素視為 「正常」 。否則，金
融資產的信貸質素視為 「呆賬」 。
39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES 
(Continued)
(iii) Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
Maximum exposure and year-end staging (Continued)
At 31 December 2023
12-month 
ECLs Lifetime ECLs
12個月預期
信貸虧損 全期預期信貸虧損
Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3
Simplified
approach
not credit-
impaired
Simplified
approach
credit-
impaired Total
第一階段 第二階段 第三階段
簡化方法
（非信貸減值）
簡化方法
（信貸減值） 總計
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
Accounts receivable 應收賬款 – – – 257,440 12,305 269,745
Restricted bank balances 受限制銀行結餘
 – Not yet past due  －尚未逾期 2,732 – – – – 2,732
Bank balances and cash 銀行結餘及現金
 – Not yet past due  －尚未逾期 368,521 – – – – 368,521
Financial assets included in 
other receivables
計入其他應收款項的  
金融資產
 – Normal*  －正常 * 13,367 – – – – 13,367
 – Doubtful*  －呆賬 * – – 2,180 – – 2,180
384,620 – 2,180 257,440 12,305 656,545
* The credit quality of the financial assets included in other receivables is 
considered to be “normal” when they are not past due and there is no 
information indicating that the financial assets have significant increase 
in credit risk since initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the 
financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.


===== PAGE 284 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
283
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES 
(Continued)
(iv) Liquidity risk
Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with 
management, which has built an appropriate liquidity risk 
management framework for the management of the Group’s short, 
medium and long-term funding and liquidity requirements. The 
Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, 
banking and borrowing facilities, by continuously monitoring forecast 
and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial 
assets and liabilities.
The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity 
for its financial liabilities. The table has been drawn up based on the 
undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest 
date on which the Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates 
for other non-derivative financial liabilities are based on the agreed 
repayment dates.
The tables include both interest and principal cash flows. To the 
extent that the undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate at 
the end of the reporting period.
39. 金融風險管理目標及政策（續）
(iv) 流動資金風險
流動資金風險管理乃由管理層最
終負責，並已建立適當的流動資
金風險管理框架，以符合本集團
管理短期、中期及長期資金及流
動資金的規定。本集團的政策為
通過持續監察預測及實際現金流
量，就金融資產及負債的到期狀
況進行配對，從而維持充足的儲
備、銀行及借款融資，管理流動
資金風險。
下表詳列本集團的金融負債的餘
下合約到期狀況。此表按照金融
負債未貼現現金流量編製，其中
以本集團須付款的最早日期為基
礎。其他非衍生金融負債的到期
日以協定的還款日為基礎。
表格包含利息及本金現金流量。
未貼現金額則源自報告期末的利
率。


===== PAGE 285 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
284
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES 
(Continued)
(iv) Liquidity risk (Continued)
Weighted
average
effective
interest
rate
On demand
or less than
1 year 1 to 5 years
More than
5 years
Total
undiscounted
cash
flows
Total
carrying
amount
加權平均
實際利率
按要求或
一年內 1 至5 年 超過 5 年
未貼現現金
流量總額 總賬面值
% RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
% 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
At 31 December 2024 於二零二四年  
十二月三十一日
Financial liabilities included in 
accounts and other payables
計入應付賬款及其他  
應付款項的金融負債 N/A 不適用 501,638 – – 501,638 501,638
Bank loans 銀行貸款 4.41% 4,179 194,845 40,153 239,177 229,067
Lease liabilities 租賃負債 6.00% 65,134 24,919 11,795 101,848 91,589
Amount due to a non-controlling 
shareholder of a subsidiary
應付一間附屬公司的  
非控股股東款項 N/A 不適用 – 134,248 – 134,248 134,248
570,951 354,012 51,948 976,911 956,542
At 31 December 2023 於二零二三年  
十二月三十一日
Financial liabilities included in 
accounts and other payables
計入應付賬款及其他  
應付款項的金融負債 N/A不適用 457,930 – – 457,930 457,930
Bank loans 銀行貸款 5.67% 41,807 186,517 164,273 392,597 318,825
Lease liabilities 租賃負債 5.66% 52,048 61,818 1,320 115,186 107,757
551,785 248,335 165,593 965,713 884,512
39. 金融風險管理目標及政策（續）
(iv) 流動資金風險（續）


===== PAGE 286 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
285
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the 
end of the reporting period is as follows:
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元
NON-CURRENT ASSET 非流動資產
Investments in subsidiaries 投資於附屬公司 757,196 787,496
CURRENT ASSETS 流動資產
Other receivables 其他應收款項 1,525 10,501
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss
按公平值計入損益的金融資產
350,000 350,000
Amounts due from subsidiaries 應收附屬公司款項 358,220 338,409
Tax receivables 應收稅項 926 924
Restricted bank balances 受限制銀行結餘 50 856
Bank balances and cash 銀行結餘及現金 5,218 18,200
Total current assets 流動資產總值 715,939 718,890
CURRENT LIABILITIES 流動負債
Other payables and accruals 其他應付款項及應計費用 404 1,493
Amounts due to subsidiaries 應付附屬公司款項 10,700 10,700
Total current liabilities 流動負債總額 11,104 12,193
Net current assets 流動資產淨值 704,835 706,697
Net assets 資產淨值 1,462,031 1,494,193
EQUITY 權益
Share capital 股本 334,394 334,394
Reserves (Note) 儲備 （附註） 1,127,637 1,159,799
Total equity 權益總額 1,462,031 1,494,193
40. 本公司的財務狀況表
有關本公司於報告期末的財務狀況表
的資料如下：


===== PAGE 287 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
286
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
40. 本公司的財務狀況表（續）
附註：
儲備變動：
附註：
(i) 資本儲備指附屬公司的資產淨值與
於為籌備本公司股份上市而進行集
團重組時發行作為附屬公司代價的
本公司股份面值之間的差額。
(ii) 根據中國相關法律，於中國成立的
本公司須按中國會計法則規定提取
其稅後純利至少 10%列入不可分派儲
備金，直至儲備結餘達到註冊資本的
50%。於向擁有人分派股息前須對儲
備劃撥資金。該儲備金可用於抵銷過
往年度虧損 （如有） ，除非清盤，否則
不可分派。
(iii) 於二零二四年十二月三十一日，本公
司有可供分派的可分派儲備人民幣
314,356,000元 （二零二三年：人民幣
346,518,000元 ）。
40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY 
(Continued)
Note:
Movements in reserves:
Share
premium
Capital
reserve
Statutory
reserve
Retained
earnings Total
股份溢價 資本儲備 法定儲備 保留盈利 總計
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
(note (i)) (note (ii)) (note (iii))
（附註 (i)） （附註 (ii)） （附註 (iii)）
       
At 1 January 2023 於二零二三年一月一日 698,214 53,394 37,749 131,206 920,563
Profit and total comprehensive  
income for the year
年內溢利及全面收入  
總額 – – – 239,236 239,236
Appropriation to statutory reserve 提取法定儲備 – – 23,924 (23,924) –
       
At 31 December 2023 and at  
1 January 2024
於二零二三年  
十二月三十一日及  
於二零二四年一月一日 698,214 53,394 61,673 346,518 1,159,799
Loss and total comprehensive  
loss for the year
年內虧損及全面虧損  
總額 – – – (32,162) (32,162)
       
At 31 December 2024 於二零二四年  
十二月三十一日 698,214 53,394 61,673 314,356 1,127,637
       
Notes:
(i) The capital reserve represents the difference between the net asset value of 
the subsidiaries and the nominal amount of the Company’s shares which 
were issued as consideration for the subsidiaries at the time of the group 
reorganisation in preparation for the listing of the Company’s shares.
(ii) According to the relevant laws in the PRC, the Company which was 
established in the PRC is required to transfer at least 10% of its net profit 
after taxation, as determined under the PRC accounting regulations, to a 
non-distributable reserve fund until the reserve balance reaches 50% of 
the registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must be made before the 
distribution of dividends to owners. Such reserve fund can be used to offset 
the previous years’ losses, if any, and is non-distributable other than upon 
liquidation.
(iii) At 31 December 2024, the Company has distributable reserve of 
RMB314,356,000 available for distribution (2023: RMB346,518,000).


===== PAGE 288 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
287
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
41. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES
Details of the Company’s subsidiaries as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 
are as follows:
Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:
Name of subsidiary
附屬公司名稱
Place of
incorporation/
establishment
and operations
註冊成立╱成立及
營運地點
Issued and fully
paid share capital/
registered/paid-up capital
已發行及繳足股本╱
註冊╱實繳資本
Percentage of 
equity interest attributable 
to the Group
本集團應佔股權百分比
Principal activities
主要業務
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
Directly held
直接持有
Dongguan Kanghua Hospital 
Co., Ltd.
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up 
capital RMB350,000,000
100% 100% Operation of a hospital
東莞康華醫院有限公司 中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣  
350,000,000元
經營醫院
Dongguan Renkang Hospital 
Co., Ltd. (“Renkang Hospital”)
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up 
capital RMB60,000,000
57% 57% Operation of a hospital
東莞仁康醫院有限公司  
（ 「仁康醫院」 ）
中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣
60,000,000元
經營醫院
Chongqing Kanghua Zhonglian 
Cardiovascular Hospital Co., Ltd. 
(“Kangxin Hospital”)
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up 
capital RMB64,000,000 
(2023: RMB270,000,000)
100% 100% Operation of a hospital
重慶康華眾聯心血管病醫院  
有限公司 （ 「康心醫院」 ）
中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本
人民幣 64,000,000元
（二零二三年：人民幣
270,000,000元）
經營醫院
Chongqing Kanghua Zhonglian 
Healthcare Management Co., Ltd. 
(“Chongqing Kanghua Property”) 
(Note)
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered capital 
RMB606,000,000/Paid-up 
capital RMB206,000,000
100% N/A Property holding
重慶康華眾聯醫療管理  
有限公司 （ 「重慶康華物業」 ） 
（附註） 
中國╱中國內地 註冊資本人民幣 606,000,000
元╱實繳資本人民幣
206,000,000元
不適用 物業控股
Dongguan Kanghua Healthcare 
Management Co., Ltd.
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up 
capital RMB11,000,000
100% 100% Provision of hospital 
management services
東莞康華醫療管理有限公司 中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣
11,000,000元
提供醫院管理服務
Kanghua Healthcare 
Management (HK) 
Company Limited
Hong Kong/ 
Hong Kong
Ordinary shares HK$10,000 100% 100% Provision of management 
services
康華醫療管理 （香港） 有限公司 香港╱香港 普通股 10,000港元 提供管理服務
41. 附屬公司資料
本公司於二零二四年及二零二三年
十二月三十一日的附屬公司資料如下：
本公司主要附屬公司的詳情如下：


===== PAGE 289 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
288
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
Name of subsidiary
附屬公司名稱
Place of
incorporation/
establishment
and operations
註冊成立╱成立及
營運地點
Issued and fully
paid share capital/
registered/paid-up capital
已發行及繳足股本╱
註冊╱實繳資本
Percentage of 
equity interest attributable 
to the Group
本集團應佔股權百分比
Principal activities
主要業務
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
Dongguan Kanghua Healthcare 
Industry Investment Fund 
Co., Ltd.
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered capital 
RMB100,000,000/paid-up 
capital RMB41,200,000  
(2023: RMB40,400,000)
100% 100% Investment holding
東莞康華醫療產業投資基金  
有限公司
中國╱中國內地 註冊資本人民幣 100,000,000
元╱ 
實繳資本人民幣  
41,200,000元 
（二零二三年：  
人民幣 40,400,000元）
投資控股
Dongguan Kanghua Elderly Care 
Services Management Co., Ltd
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered capital 
RMB10,000,000/paid-up 
capital RMB5,700,000  
(2023: RMB5,500,000)
100% 100% Investment holding
東莞康華養老服務管理  
有限公司
中國╱中國內地 註冊資本人民幣  
10,000,000元╱ 
實繳資本人民幣  
5,700,000元 （二零二三年：
人民幣 5,500,000元）
投資控股
Dongguan Kanghua Medical 
Rehabilitation Investment 
Co., Ltd.
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up 
capital RMB80,000,000
100% 100% Investment holding
東莞康華康復醫療投資有限  
公司
中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣
80,000,000元
投資控股
Dongguan Kanghua Healthcare 
Investment Co., Ltd.
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up capital 
RMB150,000,000  
(2023: RMB50,000,000)
100% 100% Investment/property holding
東莞康華醫療投資有限公司 中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣  
150,000,000元 
（二零二三年：人民幣
50,000,000元）
投資╱物業控股
Dongguan Kanghua 
Haemodialysis Healthcare Investment 
Management  
Co., Ltd. (“Kanghua Haemodialysis”)
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up capital 
RMB11,000,000
70% N/A Investment holding
東莞康華血液透析醫療投資管理
有限公司 （ 「康華血液透析」 ）
中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣  
11,000,000元
不適用 投資控股
41. 附屬公司資料（續）41. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)


===== PAGE 290 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
289
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
41. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
Name of subsidiary
附屬公司名稱
Place of
incorporation/
establishment
and operations
註冊成立╱成立及
營運地點
Issued and fully
paid share capital/
registered/paid-up capital
已發行及繳足股本╱
註冊╱實繳資本
Percentage of 
equity interest attributable 
to the Group
本集團應佔股權百分比
Principal activities
主要業務
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
Indirectly held
間接持有
Hefei Xingu Medical Rehabilitation 
Investment Co., Ltd.#
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up capital 
RMB1,000,000
57% 57% Investment holding/provision 
of healthcare 
management services
合肥鑫谷康復醫療投資  
有限公司 #
中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣
1,000,000元
投資控股╱提供醫療  
管理服務
Hefei Xinqing Medical Management 
Co., Ltd.#
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up capital 
RMB50,000
57% 57% Investment holding/provision 
of healthcare management 
services
合肥鑫慶醫療管理有限公司 # 中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本  
人民幣 50,000元
投資控股╱提供醫療  
管理服務
Anhui Hualin Medical  
Investment Co., Ltd. 
(“Anhui Hualin”)
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up capital 
RMB23,390,000
57% 57% Investment holding/provision 
of healthcare management 
services
安徽樺霖醫療投資有限公司  
（ 「安徽樺霖」 ）
中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣  
23,390,000元
投資控股╱提供醫療  
管理服務
Dongguan Renkang Elderly 
Care Centre Co., Ltd. 
(“Renkang Elderly Care Centre”)
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up 
capital RMB5,000,000
57% 57% Provision of elderly 
healthcare services
東莞仁康護理院有限公司  
（ 「仁康護理院」 ）
中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣
5,000,000元
提供養老醫療服務
Guangzhou Kangmin Haemodialysis 
Co., Ltd.##
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up capital 
RMB10,000,000
70% N/A Operation of haemodialysis 
outpatient centre
廣州康民血液透析所有限公司 ## 中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣
10,000,000元
不適用 經營血液透析門診中心
Shenzhen Kangcheng Haemodialysis 
Centre##
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up capital 
RMB1,000,000
70% N/A Operation of haemodialysis 
outpatient centre
深圳康城血液透析中心 ## 中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣
1,000,000元
不適用 經營血液透析門診中心
Foshan Kangcheng Haemodialysis Co., 
Ltd.##
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up capital 
RMB5,740,000
70% N/A Operation of haemodialysis 
outpatient centre
佛山市康城血液透析所有限公司 中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣
5,740,000元
不適用 經營血液透析門診中心
41. 附屬公司資料（續）


===== PAGE 291 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
290
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
Name of subsidiary
附屬公司名稱
Place of
incorporation/
establishment
and operations
註冊成立╱成立及
營運地點
Issued and fully
paid share capital/
registered/paid-up capital
已發行及繳足股本╱
註冊╱實繳資本
Percentage of 
equity interest attributable 
to the Group
本集團應佔股權百分比
Principal activities
主要業務
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
Guangzhou Chengguang 
Haemodialysis Centre Co., Ltd.##
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up capital 
RMB8,000,000
70% N/A Operation of haemodialysis 
outpatient centre
廣州城光血液透析中心有限公司 ## 中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣
8,000,000元
不適用 經營血液透析門診中心
Guangzhou Kangpu Haemodialysis 
Centre Co., Ltd.##
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up capital 
RMB8,000,000
70% N/A Operation of haemodialysis 
outpatient centre
廣州康圃血液透析中心有限公司 ## 中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣
8,000,000元
不適用 經營血液透析門診中心
Zhongshan Kangcheng Haemodialysis 
Centre Co., Ltd.##
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up capital 
RMB1,000,000
70% N/A Operation of haemodialysis 
outpatient centre
中山康城血液透析中心有限公司 ## 中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣
1,000,000元
不適用 經營血液透析門診中心
Jieyang Kangcheng Haemodialysis 
Co., Ltd.##
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up capital 
RMB1,000,000
70% N/A Operation of haemodialysis 
outpatient centre
揭陽康城血液透析有限公司 ## 中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣
1,000,000元
不適用 經營血液透析門診中心
Yangjiang Jiangcheng Kangyi 
HaemodialysisCo., Ltd.##
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up capital 
RMB1,000,000
70% N/A Operation of haemodialysis 
outpatient centre
陽江市江城區康怡血液透析  
有限公司 ##
中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣
1,000,000元
不適用 經營血液透析門診中心
Jiangmen Kangcheng Haemodialysis 
Centre Co., Ltd.##
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up capital 
RMB1,000,000
70% N/A Operation of haemodialysis 
outpatient centre
江門康城血液透析中心有限公司 ## 中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣
1,000,000元
不適用 經營血液透析門診中心
Zhuhai Kangcheng Haemodialysis 
Co., Ltd.##
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up capital 
RMB1,000,000
70% N/A Operation of haemodialysis 
outpatient centre
珠海康城血液透析有限公司 ## 中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣
1,000,000元
不適用 經營血液透析門診中心
Chengdu Kangmin Haemodialysis 
Centre Co., Ltd.##
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up capital 
RMB2,000,000
70% N/A Operation of haemodialysis 
outpatient centre
成都康民血液透析中心有限公司 ## 中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣
2,000,000元
不適用 經營血液透析門診中心
Chengdu Kangcheng Haemodialysis 
Centre Co., Ltd.##
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up capital 
RMB2,000,000
70% N/A Operation of haemodialysis 
outpatient centre
成都康城血液透析中心有限公司 ## 中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣
2,000,000元
不適用 經營血液透析門診中心
41. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued) 41. 附屬公司資料（續）


===== PAGE 292 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
291
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
Name of subsidiary
附屬公司名稱
Place of
incorporation/
establishment
and operations
註冊成立╱成立及
營運地點
Issued and fully
paid share capital/
registered/paid-up capital
已發行及繳足股本╱
註冊╱實繳資本
Percentage of 
equity interest attributable 
to the Group
本集團應佔股權百分比
Principal activities
主要業務
2024 2023
二零二四年 二零二三年
Chengdu Kangyi Haemodialysis Centre 
Co., Ltd.## 
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Registered and paid-up capital 
RMB2,000,000
70% N/A Operation of haemodialysis 
outpatient centre
成都康怡血液透析中心有限公司 ## 中國╱中國內地 註冊及實繳資本人民幣
2,000,000元
不適用 經營血液透析門診中心
Managed and controlled entitles – 
indirectly held
受管理及控制實體—間接持有
Hefei Jingu Rehabilitation  
Hospital*
The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Sponsors fund RMB2,000,000 57% 57% Operation of a rehabilitation 
hospital
合肥金谷康復醫院 * 中國╱中國內地 舉辦者資金人民幣 2,000,000 
元
經營康復醫院
Hefei Kanghua Rehabilitation Hospital* The PRC/ 
Mainland China
Sponsors fund RMB2,000,000 57% 57% Operation of a rehabilitation 
hospital
合肥康華康復醫院 * 中國╱中國內地 舉辦者資金人民幣 2,000,000 
元
經營康復醫院
Note: During the year ended 31 December 2024, this company was established to 
hold the land and buildings underlying the operations of Kangxin Hospital.
# These are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Anhui Hualin. The principal activities 
of Anhui Hualin and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “Anhui Hualin 
Group”) consisted of provision of rehabilitation and other healthcare services.
## These are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Kanghua Haemodialysis. The 
principal activities of Kanghua Haemodialysis and its subsidiaries (collectively 
referred to as “Kanghua Haemodialysis Group”) consisted of operation of 
haemodialysis outpatient centres and provision of haemodialysis services. 
* These are private non-enterprise entitles ( 民辦非企業單位) directly and 
indirectly managed and controlled by Anhui Hualin (“Managed and Controlled 
Entities”), The Company indirectly exercise legal control and management 
over these Managed and Controlled Entities through its 57% equity interest in 
Anhui Hualin and Anhui Hualin’s direct and indirect sponsor interests in these 
Managed and Controlled Entities.
41. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued) 41. 附屬公司資料（續）
附註： 截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止
年度，成立該公司以持有康心醫院
經營相關的土地及樓宇。
# 此等公司為安徽樺霖的全資附屬公
司。安徽樺霖及其附屬公司 （統稱
「安徽樺霖集團」 ） 的主要活動包括
提供康復及其他醫療服務。
## 該等公司為康華血液透析的全資附
屬公司。康華血液透析及其附屬公
司 （統稱 「康華血液透析集團」 ） 的主
要業務包括經營血液透析門診中心
及提供血液透析服務。
* 此等公司為由安徽樺霖 （ 「受管理及
控制實體」 ） 直接及間接管理及控制
的民辦非企業單位。本公司透過其
於安徽樺霖的 57%股權及安徽樺霖
於該等受管理及控制實體的直接及
間接舉辦者權益對該等受管理及控
制實體進行間接法律控制及管理。


===== PAGE 293 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
292
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
綜合財務報表附註
For the Year ended 31 December 2024
ܓ
41. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion 
of the directors of the Company, principally affected the results for the year 
or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give 
details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors of the 
Company, result in particulars of excessive length.
Except for Kanghua Healthcare Management (HK) Company Limited, all 
other subsidiaries listed above are wholly-domestic owned enterprise with 
limited liability established in the PRC.
42. EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
On 9 January 2025, the Company entered into a sale and purchase 
agreement with the Purchaser (see note 17) for the disposal of 55% equity 
interest in Kangxin Hospital at a consideration of RMB34,936,000. 
The disposal was later completed on 8 February 2025. Kangxin Hospital 
ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company and the financial results of 
Kangxin Hospital will no longer be consolidated into those of the Company. 
The Company will account for its remaining 45% equity interest in Kangxin 
Hospital as an interest in associate under equity method. The Group will 
lease the land and building of Chongqing Kanghua Property to Kangxin 
Hospital for its operations. The Company is still in the progress of preparing 
the initial accounting for the disposal up to the date of this annual report. 
Details of the above contractual arrangements are set out in the Company’s 
announcement dated 9 January 2025.
41. 附屬公司資料（續）
本公司董事認為上表列出是主要影響
本年度業績或構成本集團資產淨值主
要組成部分之本公司附屬公司。本公
司董事認為，列出其他附屬公司詳情
會令名單篇幅過於冗長。
除康華醫療管理 （香港） 有限公司外，
所有以上所列的其他附屬公司為於中
國成立的有限責任境內全資企業。
42. 報告期後事項
於二零二五年一月九日，本公司與
買方 （見附註17） 就出售康心醫院55%
股權訂立買賣協議，代價為人民幣
34,936,000元。
出售事項其後於二零二五年二月八日
完成。康心醫院不再為本公司的附屬
公司，康心醫院的財務業績將不再綜
合入賬本公司的財務業績。本公司將
以權益法將其於康心醫院的餘下 45%
股權入賬列作聯營公司的權益。本集
團將重慶康華物業的土地及樓宇租賃
予康心醫院作營運之用。截至本年報
日期，本公司仍在為出售事項進行初
步會計編製。上述合約安排的詳情載
於本公司日期為二零二五年一月九日
的公告。


===== PAGE 294 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
293
Financial Summary
財務概要
For the year ended 31 December
截至十二月三十一日止年度
2024 2023 2022 2021 2020
二零二四年 二零二三年 二零二二年 二零二一年 二零二零年
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
(restated)
（經重列）
RESULTS 業績
Revenue 收益 2,055,670 2,041,858 1,845,633 1,953,944 1,745,023
 
Profit (loss) before taxation 除稅前溢利 （虧損） 63,055 153,429 69,309 129,209 (26,089)
Income tax expense 所得稅開支 (52,582) (62,406) (43,025) (62,284) (23,967)
Profit (loss) and total 
comprehensive income 
(expense) for the year
年內溢利 （虧損） 及全面 
收入 （開支） 總額
10,473 91,023 26,284 66,925 (50,056)
Attributable to: 以下人士應佔權益：
Equity owners of the Company 本公司權益持有人 15,337 121,062 59,697 94,307 (25,372)
Non-controlling interests 非控股權益 (4,864) (30,039) (33,413) (27,382) (24,684)
10,473 91,023 26,284 66,925 (50,056)
As at 31 December
於十二月三十一日
2024 2023 2022 2021 2020
二零二四年 二零二三年 二零二二年 二零二一年 二零二零年
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元
(restated)
（經重列）
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 資產及負債
Total assets 總資產 2,741,535 2,624,986 2,719,334 2,704,602 2,453,901
Total liabilities 總負債 (1,279,188) (1,127,459) (1,204,806) (1,230,175) (1,046,399)
1,462,347 1,497,527 1,514,528 1,474,427 1,407,502
Equity attributable to: 以下人士應佔權益：
Equity owners of the Company 本公司權益持有人 1,439,522 1,424,185 1,499,007 1,426,837 1,332,530
Non-controlling interests 非控股權益 22,825 73,342 15,521 47,590 74,972
1,462,347 1,497,527 1,514,528 1,474,427 1,407,502
Notes:
(i) The financial information set out above is prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards.
(ii) The financial summary does not form part of the consolidated financial statements.
附註：
(i)  上述財務資料按照國際財務報告準則編製。
(ii) 財務概要並不構成綜合財務報表的一部份。


===== PAGE 295 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
294
Definitions
釋義
Adjusted EBITDA the earnings before accounting for bank and other interest income, interest expenses, 
taxes, depreciation and amortisation, fair value gain/loss and investment income from 
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) and exchange gain/loss
「經調整 EBITDA」 扣除銀行及其他利息收入、利息開支、稅項、折舊及攤銷、公平值收益╱虧損及按
公平值計入損益的金融資產投資收入及匯兌收益╱虧損
AGM the annual general meeting of the Company for the year 2024 to be convened and held on 
18 June 2025
「股東週年大會」 本公司將於二零二五年六月十八日召開及舉行的二零二四年度股東週年大會
Anhui Hualin Anhui Hualin Medical Investment Co., Ltd. ( 安徽樺霖醫療投資有限公司 ), a limited liability 
company established in the PRC on 19 December 2016 with 57% of its equity interest being 
held by Dongguan Kanghua Medical Rehabilitation Investment Company Limited ( 東莞康
華康復醫療投資有限公司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and 43% held by 
Hefei Haihua Enterprises Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 合肥
海樺企業管理諮詢合夥企業 （有限合夥）), an Independent Third Party
「安徽樺霖」 安徽樺霖醫療投資有限公司，於二零一六年十二月十九日在中國成立的有限公司，
其股權分別由一間本公司全資附屬公司 （東莞康華康復醫療投資有限公司） 及獨立
第三方 （合肥海樺企業管理諮詢合夥企業 （有限合夥） ） 持有57%及 43%
Anhui Hualin Group Anhui Hualin together with the entities the results of which are consolidated into its financial 
statements
「安徽樺霖集團」 安徽樺霖連同業績合併到其財務報表中的實體
Articles the articles of association of the Company, as amended, modified or supplemented from 
time to time
「章程」 本公司經不時修訂、修改或補充的公司章程
Audit Committee the audit committee of the Board
「審核委員會」 董事會審核委員會
Board of Directors or Board the board of Directors of the Company
「董事會」 本公司董事會
CG Code the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules
「企業管治守則」 香港上市規則附錄 C1所載的 《企業管治守則》
Company Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. ( 廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 ), a 
joint stock limited liability company established under the laws of the PRC, the H Shares of 
which are listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock code: 3689)
「本公司」 廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司，一家根據中國法律成立的股份有限公司，其 H股
於香港聯交所主板上市 （股份代號：3689）


===== PAGE 296 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
295
Definitions
釋義
Controlling Shareholders has the meaning ascribed under the Hong Kong Listing Rules
「控股股東」 具香港上市規則所賦予的涵義
Director(s) the director(s) of the Company
「董事」 本公司董事或任何一位董事
Domestic Share(s) ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company, with a nominal value of RMB1.00 
each, which are subscribed for and paid up in RMB and are unlisted Shares which are 
currently not listed or traded on any stock exchange
「內資股」 本公司股本中每股面值為人民幣 1.00元並以人民幣認購或入賬列為繳足股款的普通股，
並且是目前未在任何證券交易所上市或交易的非上市股份
Group or we or our the Company and its subsidiaries
「本集團」 或 「我們」 本公司及其附屬公司
H Share(s) overseas listed foreign invested ordinary share(s) in the ordinary share capital of the 
Company, with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, listed on the Main Board of the Hong 
Kong Stock Exchange
「H股」 本公司普通股股本中每股面值人民幣 1.00元的境外上市外資普通股，於香港聯交所
主板上市
HK$ or Hong Kong dollars Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
「港元」 港元，香港法定貨幣
Hong Kong the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC
「香港」 中國香港特別行政區
Hong Kong Listing Rules the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, 
as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
「香港上市規則」 《香港聯合交易所有限公司證券上市規則》 ，經不時修訂、補充或以其他方式修改
Hong Kong Stock Exchange The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
「香港聯交所」 香港聯合交易所有限公司
Huaxin Building refers to the complex ( 華心樓 ) at Kanghua Hospital which was commissioned to provide 
VIP healthcare services
「華心樓」 康華醫院華心樓，獲分派提供貴賓醫療服務


===== PAGE 297 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
296
Definitions
釋義
Independent Third Party(ies) Any entity or person who is not a connected person of our Company within the meaning 
ascribed thereto under the Hong Kong Listing Rules
「獨立第三方」 根據香港上市規則，歸因於香港上市規則賦予的涵義，並非本公司關連人士的任何
實體或人士
Kangdi Enterprise Dongguan Kangdi Enterprise Co., Ltd. ( 東莞市康帝實業有限公司), a limited liability 
company established in the PRC on 25 July 2014 with 50% of its equity interest held by 
Mr. Wang Zhengren ( 王政仁) and 50% by Ms. Wang Keying ( 王可瑩), all of whom are 
members of the Wang Family, being cousins of Mr. Wang Junyang. Kangdi Enterprise holds 
a 15% equity interest in Renkang Hospital
「康帝實業」 東莞市康帝實業有限公司，一家於二零一四年七月二十五日在中國成立的有限責任
公司，其股權由王政仁先生及王可瑩女士各持有 50%，彼等均為王氏家族的成員及
王君揚先生的堂兄弟姐妹。康帝實業於仁康醫院持有 15%的股權
Kanghua Group Dongguan Kanghua Investment Group Co., Ltd. ( 東莞市康華投資集團有限公司), a 
limited liability company established in the PRC on 29 March 2002 holding approximately 
59.06% interest in the Company. It is owned as to 97.46% by Mr. Wang Junyang and as to 
2.54% by Ms. Wang Aici.
「康華集團」 東莞市康華投資集團有限公司，一家於二零零二年三月二十九日在中國成立的有
限責任公司，持有本公司約 59.06%權益，其分別由王君揚先生及王愛慈女士擁有
97.46%及 2.54%。
Kanghua Haemodialysis Dongguan Kanghua Haemodialysis Healthcare Investment Management Co., Ltd.* ( 東莞
康華血液透析醫療投資管理有限公司 ), a limited liability company established in the PRC 
on 24 February 2016 and owned as to 70% by the Company, 15% by Dongguan YouWang 
Enterprise Investment Co., Ltd.* ( 東莞市優旺實業投資有限公司 ) and 15% by Guangzhou 
Kanghe Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) * (廣州康合投資合夥企業(有限合夥)), 
both are Independent Third Parties
「康華血液透析」 東莞康華血液透析醫療投資管理有限公司，於二零一六年二月二十四日在中國成立
的有限公司，其股權分別由本公司、東莞市優旺實業投資有限公司及廣州康合投資
合夥企業 （有限合夥） （兩家為獨立第三方） ，持有70%、15%及 15%
Kanghua Haemodialysis Group Kanghua Haemodialysis together with the entities the results of which are consolidated into 
its financial statements
「康華血液透析集團」 康華血液透析連同業績合併到其財務報表中的實體
Kanghua Healthcare Investment Dongguan Kanghua Healthcare Investment Co., Ltd. ( 東莞康華醫療投資有限公司), a 
limited liability company established in the PRC on 7 August 2020 and a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Company
「康華醫療投資」 東莞康華醫療投資有限公司，一家於二零二零年八月七日在中國成立的有限責任公
司且為本公司的全資附屬公司


===== PAGE 298 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
297
Definitions
釋義
Kanghua Hospital Dongguan Kanghua Hospital Co., Ltd. ( 東莞康華醫院有限公司), a limited liability 
company established in the PRC on 15 September 2005 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
the Company
「康華醫院」 東莞康華醫院有限公司，一家於二零零五年九月十五日在中國成立的有限責任公司，
且為本公司的全資附屬公司
Kanghua Hospital Lease Agreement the lease agreement dated 10 April 2016 entered into between Kanghua Hospital and 
Kanghua Group with respect to the land and buildings underlying the operations of 
Kanghua Hospital
「康華醫院租賃協議」 由康華醫院與康華集團就康華醫院營運相關的土地及建築物訂立的日期為二零一六
年四月十日的租賃協議
Kanghua Qingxi Healthcare Complex the Group’s integrated elderly medical and healthcare complex development in Qingxi 
Town, Dongguan City, situated at the land parcel of Jiaoling Villagers Committee, Liheng 
Village, Qingxi Town, Dongguan City, the PRC (east to the open space, south to the Qingxi 
Revolutionary Martyrs Monument, west to the road, north to the Qingxi Nursing Home)
「康華 • 清溪分院」 本集團位於東莞市清溪鎮的老年醫療保健綜合開發項目，坐落於中國東莞市清溪鎮
荔橫村角岭村民小組 （東至空地， 南至清溪革命烈士紀念碑， 西至路， 北至清溪敬老院）
的地塊
Kanghua Real Estate Development Dongguan Kanghua Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. (東莞市康華房地產開發有限公司 ), 
a limited liability company established in the PRC on 6 September 2016, and is owned as to 
80% by Xingye Group and 20% by Xingda Property
「康華房地產開發」 東莞市康華房地產開發有限公司，一家於二零一六年九月六日在中國成立的有限責
任公司，由興業集團及興達物業分別擁有 80%及 20%
Kangxin Hospital Chongqing Kanghua Zhonglian Cardiovascular Hospital Co., Ltd. ( 重慶康華眾聯心血管
病醫院有限公司 ), a limited liability company established in the PRC on 10 June 2014 and a 
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
「康心醫院」 重慶康華眾聯心血管病醫院有限公司，於二零一四年六月十日在中國成立的有限公
司，為一間本公司的全資附屬公司
Model Code the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set out in Appendix 
C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules
「標準守則」 香港上市規則附錄 C3所載 《上市發行人董事進行證券交易標準守則》
Nomination Committee the nomination committee of the Board
「提名委員會」 董事會提名委員會
Non-Competition Undertaking the non-competition undertaking dated 11 October 2016 provided by the Controlling 
Shareholders in favour of the Company
「不競爭承諾」 控股股東以本公司為受益人提供的日期為二零一六年十月十一日的不競爭承諾
O&G obstetrics and gynaecology
「婦產科」 婦產科


===== PAGE 299 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
298
Definitions
釋義
PRC Company Law the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China ( 中華人民共和國公司法), as 
amended and adopted by the Standing Committee of the Twelfth National People’s 
Congress on 28 December 2013 and effective on 1 March 2014, as amended, 
supplemented and otherwise modified from time to time
「中國公司法」 《中華人民共和國公司法》 ，由第十二屆全國人民代表大會常務委員會於二零一三年
十二月二十八日修訂並通過，自二零一四年三月一日起生效，經不時修訂、補充及
以其他方式修改
PRC or China the People’s Republic of China
「中國」 中華人民共和國
Prospectus the prospectus of the Company dated 27 October 2016
「招股章程」 本公司日期為二零一六年十月二十七日的招股章程
Remuneration Committee the remuneration committee of the Board
「薪酬委員會」 董事會薪酬委員會
Renkang Elderly Care Centre Dongguan Renkang Elderly Care Centre Co., Ltd. ( 東莞仁康護理院有限公司 ), a limited 
liability company established in the PRC on 27 September 2017 and a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Renkang Hospital
「仁康護理院」 東莞仁康護理院有限公司，一家於二零一七年九月二十七日在中國成立的有限責任
公司，且為仁康醫院的全資附屬公司
Renkang Hospital Dongguan Renkang Hospital Co., Ltd. ( 東莞仁康醫院有限公司), a limited liability 
company established in the PRC on 23 August 2005 with 57% of its equity interest being 
held by the Company, 15% by Kangdi Enterprise, 15% by Ms. Zhang Dandan and 13% by 
Ms. Wang Aier, respectively
「仁康醫院」 東莞仁康醫院有限公司， 一家於二零零五年八月二十三日在中國成立的有限責任公司，
其股權分別由本公司、康帝實業、張丹丹女士及王愛兒女士持有 57%、15%、15%及
13%
Renkang Hospital Lease Agreement the lease agreement dated 10 April 2016 entered into between Renkang Hospital and Tongli 
Enterprise with respect to the land and buildings underlying the operations of Renkang 
Hospital
「仁康醫院租賃協議」 由仁康醫院與同力實業就仁康醫院營運相關的土地及建築物訂立的日期為二零一六
年四月十日的租賃協議
Reporting Period the year ended 31 December 2024
「報告期間」 截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止年度
RMB the lawful currency of the PRC
「人民幣」 中國法定貨幣


===== PAGE 300 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司 年報 2024
299
Definitions
釋義
SFO the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong), as amended, 
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
「證券及期貨條例」 香港法例第 571章 《證券及期貨條例》 （經不時修訂、補充或以其他方式修改）
Share(s) share(s) in the share capital of the Company, with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, 
including the Domestic Share(s) and the H Share(s)
「股份」 本公司股本中每股面值人民幣 1.00元的股份，包括內資股及 H股
Shareholder(s) holder(s) of the Share(s)
「股東」 股份持有人
subsidiary or subsidiaries has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the laws of 
Hong Kong)
「附屬公司」 具有香港法例第 622章 《公司條例》 賦予該詞的含義
substantial shareholder(s) has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Hong Kong Listing Rules
「主要股東」 具有香港上市規則賦予該詞的含義
Supervisor(s) the members of the Supervisory Committee
「監事」 監事會成員
Supervisory Committee the Company’s supervisory committee established pursuant to the PRC Company Law
「監事會」 本公司根據中國公司法設立的監事會
Tongli Enterprise Dongguan Tongli Enterprise Co., Ltd. ( 東莞市同力實業有限公司), a limited liability 
company established in the PRC on 23 June 2003 with 43% of its equity interest being held 
by Ms. Wang Aiqin, 29% by Ms. Wang Aici, 15% by Ms. Zhang Dandan ( 張丹丹 ) and 13% 
by Ms. Wang Aier ( 王愛兒), respectively, all of whom are members of the Wang Family, 
being aunts of Mr. Wang Junyang. Pursuant to a nominee arrangement among the Wang 
Family, (i) Ms. Wang Aici (an aunt of Mr. Wang Junyang) agreed to hold 16% of her equity 
interest in Tongli Enterprise on behalf of Mr. Wang Junyang; (ii) Ms. Wang Aiqin (an aunt of 
Mr. Wang Junyang and the spouse of Mr. Chen Wangzhi) agreed to hold 15% and 6.5% 
of her equity interest in Tongli Enterprise on behalf of Mr. Wang Junyang and Mr. Chen 
Wangzhi, respectively; and (iii) Ms. Wang Aiqin agreed to hold 15% of her equity interest in 
Tongli Enterprise on behalf of Mr. Wang Wencheng (王文成 )
「同力實業」 東莞市同力實業有限公司，一家於二零零三年六月二十三日在中國成立的有限責
任公司，其股權分別由王愛勤女士、王愛慈女士、張丹丹女士及王愛兒女士持有
43%、29%、15%及 13%，彼等均為王氏家族的成員及王君揚先生的姑母或姨母。根
據王氏家族中的代名人安排， (i)王愛慈女士 （王君揚先生的姑母） 同意代表王君揚先
生持有其於同力實業 16%權益；(ii)王愛勤女士 （王君揚先生的姑母及陳旺枝先生的配偶）
同意代表王君揚先生及陳旺枝先生分別持有其於同力實業 15%權益及 6.5%權益；及(iii)
王愛勤女士同意代表王文成先生持有其於同力實業 15%權益


===== PAGE 301 =====
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
300
Definitions
釋義
Wang Family The family members of the founder of the Group, the late Mr. Wang Jincheng ( 王金城), 
including (i) his children; (ii) his siblings; (iii) the spouses of his siblings; and (iv) the children of 
his siblings
「王氏家族」 本集團創辦人已故王金城先生的家庭成員，包括 (i)其子女； (ii)其兄弟姊妹； (iii)其兄
弟姊妹的配偶；及 (iv)其兄弟姊妹的子女
Xingda Property Dongguan Xingda Property Investment Co., Ltd. ( 東莞市興達物業投資有限公
司 ), a limited liability company established in the PRC on 14 December 2001 holding 
approximately 8.22% interest in the Company. It is owned as to 50% each by Mr. Chen 
Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin
「興達物業」 東莞市興達物業投資有限公司，一家於二零零一年十二月十四日在中國成立的有限
公司，持有本公司約 8.22%權益，其由陳旺枝先生及王愛勤女士各擁有 50%
Xingye Group Dongguan Xingye Group Co., Ltd. ( 東莞市興業集團有限公司), a limited liability 
company established in the PRC on 15 April 1997 holding approximately 7.48% interest in 
the Company. It is owned as to 50.0% by Mr. Wang Junyang, as to 48.0% by Dongguan 
Kangwei Industrial Investment Co., Ltd. ( 東莞市康偉實業投資有限司 ) and as to 2.0% by 
Ms. Wang Aici, respectively
「興業集團」 東莞市興業集團有限公司，一家於一九九七年四月十五日在中國成立的有限公司，
持有本公司約 7.48%權益，其由王君揚先生、東莞市康偉實業投資有限公司及王愛
慈女士分別擁有 50.0%、48.0%及 2.0%
% percentage ratio
% 百分比比率


===== PAGE 302 =====
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd.*
廣東康華醫療集團股份有限公司
Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Group Co., Ltd.*