4
2
0
2
             L   T
             A   R
             U   O
             N   P
             N   E
             A   R
    Annual Report 2024 年報
4
2
0
2
          CONTENTS
     2    Corporate Information
     3    Financial Highlights
   4–14   Management Discussion and Analysis
 15–25    Corporate Governance Report
 26–59    Environmental, Social and Governance Report
 60–61    Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management
 62–69    Report of the Directors
 70–74    Independent Auditor’s Report
    75    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
    76    Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 77–78    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
 79–80    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
 81–82    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
83–157    Notes to Financial Statements
158–159   Particulars of Investment Properties
   160    Five-Year Financial Summary
    CORPORATE INFORMATION




    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                            REGISTERED OFFICE
    Executive directors                           Victoria Place, 5th Floor
    Mr. Zhang Jian Guo (Chairman and President)   31 Victoria Street
    Mr. Wang Jin Chao                             Hamilton HM 10
    Mr. Guo Song                                  Bermuda
    Mr. Xu Chengjie
    Mr. Li Shuo Feng                              HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
    Ms. Wu Jing                                   OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
                                                  Unit 1408, 14th Floor
    Independent non-executive directors           Cable TV Tower
    Mr. Chan Chung Kik, Lewis                     9 Hoi Shing Road
    Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund                      Tsuen Wan
    Mr. Chak Chi Shing                            New Territories
                                                  Hong Kong
    COMMITTEES
    Audit Committee                               SHARE REGISTRARS AND
    Mr. Chan Chung Kik, Lewis (Chairman)          TRANSFER OFFICE
    Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund                      Principal registrar
    Mr. Chak Chi Shing                            Appleby Global Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                                  Canon’s Court, 22 Victoria Street
    Remuneration Committee                        PO Box HM 1179, Hamilton HM EX
    Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund (Chairman)           Bermuda
    Mr. Zhang Jian Guo
    Mr. Chak Chi Shing                            Hong Kong branch share registrar and
                                                  transfer office
    Nomination Committee                          Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
    Mr. Zhang Jian Guo (Chairman)                 Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
    Mr. Chan Chung Kik, Lewis                     183 Queen’s Road East
                                                  Hong Kong
    Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund


    COMPANY SECRETARY                             LISTING INFORMATION
                                                  Main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
    Ms. Cheang Yee Wah Eva
                                                  Stock code: 00418
                                                  Board lot: 2,000 shares
    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Mr. Zhang Jian Guo                            COMPANY WEBSITE
    Mr. Guo Song                                  www.irasia.com/listco/hk/founder

    AUDITORS
    Ernst & Young
    Certified Public Accountants
    Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor


    LEGAL ADVISERS
    Fairbairn Catley Low & Kong




2   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                               Annual Report 2024
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




                                                   2024         2023                 +/(-)
                                              HK$’million   HK$’million            Change


FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Revenue                                             925           982               (5.8%)
Gross profit margin (%)                           49.1%         49.4%

Profit attributable to owners of the parent           48           60              (19.9%)
Net profit margin (%)                               5.2%         6.1%

KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS
Cash and cash equivalents                            805          749                 7.5%
Net current assets                                   831          767                 8.3%
Total assets                                       1,444        1,466                (1.5%)
Total liabilities                                    325          366              (11.4%)
Equity attributable to owners of the parent        1,120        1,100                 1.8%

Current ratio (times)                               3.93         3.39
Gearing ratio                                       0.1%         0.3%
Basic earnings per share (HK cents)                   4.0         5.0




Annual Report 2024                                                FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED    3
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




    PERFORMANCE
    The Group reported a profit for the year ended 31 December 2024 of approximately HK$47.9 million (year ended 31
    December 2023: HK$59.8 million). The Group’s turnover for the current year decreased by 5.8% to HK$924.9 million (year
    ended 31 December 2023: HK$982.0 million) due to decrease in sale of font library business and media business. Gross profit
    for the current year decreased by 6.3% to HK$454.3 million compared with last year’s HK$484.9 million due to decline in
    revenue. Gross profit ratio was maintained at around 49%.

    The decline in profit for the year was mainly the net results of:

    a.         a decrease in the gross profit by 6.3% to approximately HK$454.3 million (year ended 31 December 2023: HK$484.9
               million);

    b.         an increase in other income and gains by 2.0% to HK$56.6 million (year ended 31 December 2023: HK$55.5 million)
               attributable to increase in completion of government grants engagements for the sale of software; and

    c.         a decrease in total selling and distribution expenses, administrative expenses and other operating expenses by 3.6% to
               HK$464.7 million (year ended 31 December 2023: HK$481.9 million) as a result of (i) decrease in staff costs with
               decrease in number of staff; (ii) one-off gain of reversal of the provision arising from impairment of entrusted loan to Peking
               University Founder Group Company Limited; and (iii) increase in fair value losses on investment properties in Hong Kong
               and the PRC.

    Basic and diluted earnings per share for the year was HK4.0 cents (year ended 31 December 2023: HK5.0 cents).


    OPERATING REVIEW AND PROSPECTS
    Operating Review
    Font Library Business
    In order to promote the culture of Chinese characters, convey the beauty of writing, and meet the constantly changing needs of
    various fields in society, 北京北大方正電子有限公司 (“Beijing Founder Electronics Co., Ltd.*) (“Founder Electronics”), a wholly-
    owned subsidiary of the Company, has made a number of attempts in FounderType (方正字庫).

    (1)        Font design aspect
               We completed over 300 fonts for Chinese font libraries and was awarded the title of “Top Ten Copyright Owners” in
               the art category by the China Copyright Protection Center (中國版權保護中心) and the Copyright Society of China (中
               國版權協會). Actively respond to the national initiative of “Standardizing the use of Chinese fonts (規範使用漢字)”, and
               take the development of classical calligraphy of past dynasties as one of the major work focuses to promote the font
               development of “Exquisite Chinese Font Library Project (中華精品字庫工程)”. The Japanese versions of four Exquisite
               Chinese fonts, including Regular Script Font of Yan Zhenqing-style (顏真卿楷書), Regular Script Font of Liu Gongquan-
               style (柳公權楷書), Semi-cursive Script Font of Su Shi-style (蘇軾行書), and Stele Regular Script of Cuan Baozi-style (爨
               寶子碑楷書), have been completed and launched, promoting the application of the Exquisite Chinese Font Library (中華
               精品字庫) in the Japanese market. Based on industry trends, we have focused on launching exquisite fonts such as retro
               round (復古粗圓), extremely black (極黑), logo black (LOGO黑), Cangyan-style black (蒼顏黑), jet black (烏黑), Kutang
               stone carving style (字酷堂石刻體), Yiman-style Song (逸漫宋), Lingfei engraved stone (靈飛刻石), Xunzhen font (尋真
               體), Haoge Yuekaizhen font (昊格閱楷真), Haoge Runkai font (昊格潤楷), Wuying font (武英體), Zhenshu round font (砧




    *     For identification purpose only


4   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                              Annual Report 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




       書圓), Niuhei font (牛黑). The first customized font of the Year of the Loong Spring Festival Gala “Spring Festival Gala
       Dragon-style of Founder (方正春晚龍行體)” was developed in conjunction with CCTV’s (央視) Spring Festival Gala, and
       the unique “Chinese Romance (中式浪漫)” was demonstrated with classic Chinese characters.

(2)    Font design technology aspect
       The “Intelligent Calculation Method and Automatic Generation Key Technology of Chinese Font” (中國文字的字體智慧計
       算方法與自動生成關鍵技術) led by Peking University (北京大學), with the joint participation from Founder Electronics (方
       正電子), Founder Handwriting (方正手跡), Huawei (華為), and Kingsoft Office (金山辦公) was awarded the second prize
       of the 2023 Beijing Technology Invention Award (2023年度北京市技術發明獎二等獎). In the core design projects,
       “Exquisite Chinese Font Library Project” (中華精品字庫工程) and the “Spring Festival Gala Dragon-style of Founder (方
       正春晚龍行體)”, we continued to promote the application of artificial intelligence assisted font design technology to
       improve the design efficiency while ensuring font quality. The AI capabilities of FounderType have significantly improved,
       continuously promoting the technological upgrade of the “Font+”(字加) computer-end clients and the FounderType
       computer-end clients, utilizing the AI technology to enhance font recognition and intelligent recommendation capabilities.
       We improved the launch of embedded device intelligent typesetting engine, font rendering engine, compressed font
       technology and font association technology, greatly enhancing the service capabilities of FounderType in embedded
       devices such as mobile phones and car systems. “Founder Typewriting” (方正輸入法) that supports rare characters and
       universal cross platform functionality was launched, covering the number of 97,908 Chinese fonts specified by GB18030
       national standards were supported by handwritten input and were widely used in information systems of fields of major
       banks, social security and medical, effectively solving the problem of missing fonts in people’s names in social systems.

(3)    Marketing and service aspect
       On the basis of consolidating and expanding the cooperation with major corporate clients, we continued to strengthen
       customer service and increase collaboration with design companies and advertising companies, continuously the
       development of the official website of FounderType. From “Font + (字加)” of Wechat application, to the PC clients end
       of “Font +”, and form the PC clients end of FounderType, to the comprehensive service system of “FounderType Enterprise
       Font Asset Platform” (方正字庫企業字體資產平台), providing the users with efficient and convenient font services.

(4)    Market promotion aspect
       Convene “the 12th Founder Award Design Competition Award Ceremony (第十二屆方正獎設計大賽頒獎典禮), the
       Exhibition with Design Forum of Future created by Fonts (展覽暨字創未來設計論壇) at the Central Academy of Fine Arts (中
       央美術學院), inviting judges and experts from domestic and foreign competitions to give the live speeches and engage
       in discussions, strengthening the exchanges and cooperation with international peers and designer groups. We held the
       event of “Chinese Day of United Nations” (聯合國中文日活動) with the theme of “Creating Chinese Fonts through Digital
       Innovation, Shining with the Sun” (數創中文，輝光日新) with The Open University of China (國家開放大學). The “Founder
       2024 Font Design Conference” (方正2024字體設計大會) was held at UCCA Ullens Center for Contemporary Art (UCCA
       尤倫斯當代藝術中心), a new industry observation report titled “2025 Font Trend Report” (2025字體趨勢報告) was
       released with the new products of FounderType, focusing on four dimensions: new trends, new fonts, new competitions,
       and new perspectives. And the 13th “Founder Award” (方正獎) Design Competition was held. “Dialogue on Hanzi
       FounderType 2024 Tokyo Launch Conference” (漢字對話•方正字庫2024東京發佈會) was held in Tokyo, Japan, using
       “Hanzi, Chinese fonts” (漢字) as a carrier, promoting the cooperation and cultural exchange in the industry of Chinese
       fonts and Japanese fonts. We actively participated in the industry events, including Atypi International Font Design
       Conference (Atypi國際字體設計大會), Language and Text Technology Supply and Demand Matchmaking Conference (語
       言文字技術供需對接大會), SAIC Motor Overseas Connected Vehicle Summit Forum (上海汽車海外車聯網高峰論壇),
       BIBF Art Publishing Forum (BIBF藝術出版論壇), FBIF2024 Food and Beverage Innovation Forum (FBIF2024食品飲料創新




Annual Report 2024                                                                                  FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        5
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




             論壇) and Hainan International Intellectual Property Trading Conference (海南國際知識產權交易大會) to showcase the
             latest products and technological achievements of FounderType to a wider range of industry groups through exhibitions
             and speeches.

    The above measures not only further enhanced the professional brand image and industry-leading position of FounderType, but
    also raised the public awareness of young and internationalization image of FounderType. This enabled FounderType to lay a
    solid foundation for the future and long-term development.

    Printing Business
    According to the latest data released by the National Bureau of Statistics (國家統計局), the printing enterprises above designated
    size achieved a revenue of RMB600.6 billion, a year-on-year increase of 1.9%. The total profit was RMB29.66 billion, a year-
    on-year decrease of 5.4% from January to November 2024. At the same time, Centrin-ecloud (中金易雲) released an analysis
    report on the paper book market for the first three quarters of 2024, which showed that the overall book sales market for the first
    three quarters of 2024 was RMB87.732 billion, a year-on-year decrease of 12.77% compared to 2023. The number of
    dynamic sales varieties decreased by 8.36% year-on-year comparison, while the number of dynamic sales varieties for new
    books slightly increased, with a year-on-year growth rate of 1.49%. This indicated that the overall printing industry in China was
    in a weak recovery state, while the printing business related to publishing has experienced a certain decline. Although the
    external environment was unfavorable, Beijing Founder EasiPrint Digital Technical Co., Ltd.* (北京方正印捷數碼技術有限公司)
    (hereinafter referred to as “Founder EasiPrint” (方正印捷)) has achieved a good and positive performance through active product
    innovation and market development measures.

    At the end of May 2024, the 2024 Drupa Printing Exhibition (德魯巴印刷展2024) with the theme of “Creating the Future
    Together” (共創未來) was grandly opened in Dusseldorf, Germany (德國杜塞爾多夫). As the largest international exhibition
    in the global printing industry, this year it had attracted over 1,600 exhibitors from around the world, with Chinese exhibitors
    accounting for the highest number of exhibitors from a single country with over 400, setting a new record in history. At the same
    time as the exhibition, during the exchange and cooperation seminar of printing innovation technology which was held by Keyin
    Media (科印傳媒) with the theme of “Road to China, Road to the World”, Founder EasiPrint delivered a live speech entitled
    “Inkjet Printing Leads China, Digital Intelligence Crosses Borders” (《噴墨印領中國、數智跨越國界》), announcing that Founder
    EasiPrint will bring multiple new high-speed inkjet printing machines to the global market. In the six months after the exhibition,
    Founder EasiPrint achieved significant breakthroughs and progress in expanding into the international market. Our products
    officially entered multiple key markets in Asia and Europe, and the basic layout of agent sales channels in key countries was
    completed. Compared to the previous year, the revenue from international market has been increased several times. Founder
    EasiPrint will continue to increase our efforts in exploring the international market and strive to achieve sustained high-speed
    growth in the coming years.

    In terms of product innovation, new products launched by Founder EasiPrint (方正印捷), including Founder EagleJet
    P6600CHD-33 High-speed Copperplate Inkjet Rotary Printing Machine (方正桀鷹P6600CHD-33高速銅版紙噴墨輪轉印
    刷機), Founder EagleJet D330HD High-speed Single Sheet Inkjet Machine (方正桀鷹D330HD高速單張紙噴墨機), and
    Founder Yunshu 4.0 (方正雲舒4.0), have all entered the stage of comprehensive promotion. Among them, the P6600CHD-33
    equipment (P6600CHD-33設備) achieved excellent sales performance in the field of copperplate paper printing (銅版紙印
    刷) by our breakthrough in water-based inkjet printing (水性噴墨), it has been running stably at Duojia customer’s location with
    excellent printing quality, and our products have quickly covered the national business printing market. The D330HD high-
    speed single sheet inkjet printer (D330HD高速單張紙噴墨機), with its compact, flexible, and high-definition single sheet printing
    characteristics, is suitable for fast printing stores and government printing environments with strict requirements for venue and



    *   For identification purpose only


6   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                        Annual Report 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




printing quality. It has also been piloted in various parts of the country. As the latest upgrade of Yunshu Publishing Document
Management (雲舒出版文件管理), Founder Yunshu 4.0 (方正雲舒4.0) software integrates advanced functions such as encrypted
printing, version by library submission, and electronic blue paper, achieving a growth of sales over 40% in 2024.

In terms of marketing, Founder EasiPrint held more than ten customer site visits and on-site seminars at key new installation users
in 2024, and the enthusiasm of participation of industry colleagues was high. The number of participants in each on-site meeting
reached hundreds of people, which had a positive promoting effect on sales signing. This year, Founder EasiPrint also received
a large number of invitations from authoritative medias in the industry, summarizing the latest industry developments for industry
peers, sharing Drupa Exhibition (德魯巴展會) experience, interpreting the latest technology in the industry and analyzing industry
development trends. For users in different application scenarios, the packaging has produced user application case videos and
user story articles, which had attracted widespread attention and forwarding among the user groups. Through content marketing,
it continued to build a good reputation among users and achieved the brand endorsement by user testimony.

In early November, Founder EasiPrint held a series of events of Hongyan Alliance (鴻雁聯盟) in Beijing, including the three
large-scale series of events, that were the “Symposium on the Prospects and Problems of On Demand Printing Applications in the
Publishing Industry” (出版行業按需印刷應用前景及問題探討專題研討會), the “Hongyan POD Alliance Annual Meeting 2024”
(2024鴻雁POD聯盟年會) and the “ Founder EasiPrint User Conference 2024” (2024年方正印捷用戶大會) of publishing-end.
Due to the impacts of the COVID-19, the meeting of Hongyan POD Alliance (鴻雁POD聯盟), which had been interrupted for
several years, restarted. This meeting invited the leaders of the printing and distribution bureau, the leaders of industry association,
the publishing house, the experts of printing industry, peers and users. While promoting the policies of industry and sharing
the insights on POD ecosystem construction, we also created an opportunity for colleagues in the industry to communicate and
exchange ideas between upstream and downstream industries. The successful holding of this conference has strengthened
brand position of Founder EasiPrint in the industry and our role as a link in the ecosystem, and has also increased new business
opportunities for market expansion.

Media Business
Macro policy
Year 2024 marked the beginning of the second decade of media convergence strategy. three ministries and commissions
including the Publicity Department of the CPC Central Committee (中宣部), the Ministry of Finance (財政部) and National
Radio and Television Administration (國家廣電總局) jointly issued the “Notice on the implementation of plan for promoting the
development of in-depth integration of municipal level media” (《推進地市級媒體加快深度融合發展實施方案》) (hereinafter
referred to as the “Plan”) in April 2022, in which specific deployments were made for the in-depth integration of municipal level
media, and 60 cities (including municipal and county-level) were selected to promote the pilot constructions of city level integrated
media centers. The Plan required to focus on integrated development, take the Internet as the main platform, promote the intensive
and digital transformation of the collection and editing process, optimize the allocation of collection and editing resources and
forces, and establish a new collection and editing platform with unified command and scheduling. It aims at the integration
and application of multiple technologies, and the adaptation to multi-interface news production, so as to realize the one-time
collection, multiple generation, and all media dissemination of news information. We have to build a new communication
platform, grasp the mobile trend, build multiple communication channels, establish a variety of platform terminals, develop a
variety of communication forms, and thus to form a distinctive, wide coverage, three dimensional and rapid all-rounded media
communication matrix. We should focus on client base establishment by making full use of mobile communication technology,
strengthening visible presentation, interactive communication, accurate pushing, and enhancing immersive experience and
user stickiness. We should also strengthen the support of advanced technology by utilizing 5G, big data, cloud computing,
artificial intelligence, blockchain and other new technologies, to strengthen the database infrastructure for the content and user,
and improve the capability of data collection, storage, management, analysis and application. To promote vertical media




Annual Report 2024                                                                                        FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED         7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




    connectivity, provincial technology platforms should expand capacity and improve the functions, in order to provide technical
    support and operation and maintenance services for municipal and county-level integrated media centers within the province,
    and to facilitate the interconnection of the integrated development of provincial, city, municipal and county level media. With the
    promotion of the construction of integrated media centers in cities and prefectures, many cities in China have achieved provincial
    coverage of the construction of integrated media centers at the city level. At present, 146 city-prefecture level integrated media
    centers have been established nationwide. Among more than 330 cities and prefectures (regions, autonomous prefectures,
    and alliances) in China, prefecture level integrated media centers account for 40% of the total. In 2024, city-prefecture level
    integrated media centers promoted the integration of reporting channels, continuing to strengthen platform construction, with
    mobile news clients as the focus of construction. We will promote the construction of integrated media platforms and explore the
    business models of government as govern affairs + business + services (政務+商務+服務), and strive to create a new type of
    mainstream media with strong influence and competitiveness. The “Decision of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of
    China on Further Comprehensive Deepening Reform and Promoting Chinese-style Modernization” (《中共中央關於進一步全面
    深化改革、推進中國式現代化的決定》) reviewed and approved by the Third Plenary Session of the 20th Central Committee
    of the Communist Party of China (黨的二十屆三中全會) in July 2024 proposed: “Build a working mechanism and evaluation
    system adapted to Omnimedia production and communication, and promote the systematic transformation of mainstream media.”
    (「構建適應全媒體生產傳播工作機制和評價體系，推進主流媒體系統性變革。」). “Systematic change” (系統性變革) has
    become another new requirement put forward by the Central Committee of the Party for the comprehensive deepening reform
    of mainstream media, following “Media integration” (媒體融合) and “Deep media integration” (媒體深度融合). In 2024,
    media at all levels actively explored the resources and seek the collaborative cross-border development. Central and provincial
    media continued to promote cross-platform integrated collaboration, accelerating the construction of a new integrated ecosystem
    that were large and small screens integration, resource intensity, technological empowerment, and channel integration. The
    establishment and integration of municipal level of integrated media centers were accelerated, and institutional mergers and
    resource integration were innovated. The county-level integrated media continued to deepen its exploration and integration of
    resources, and build an integrated platform for government services. Media at all levels were accelerating the construction of an
    Omnimedia media communication system and promoting systematic changes. In 2024, under the policy background, China’s
    mainstream media would focus on building independent and controllable integrated media platforms (自主可控的融媒體平台)
    and new mobile communication platforms (移動傳播新平台).

    Around integrated publishing, in April 2022, the Publicity Department of the CPC Central Committee issued “The implementation
    opinions on promoting the deep integration and development of publishing” (《關於推動出版深度融合發展的實施意見》
    (hereinafter referred to as the “Opinions”). The Opinions focus on accelerating the in-depth integration and development of
    publishing, constructing a new publishing and communication system in the digital era, adhering to the general thought of
    combining systematic promotion with demonstration and guidance, and put forward 20 main measures from 6 aspects: strategic
    planning, content construction, technical support, key projects, talent team, and security system. It can make a comprehensive
    deployment and put forward clear requirements for the goals, directions, paths and measures of the integrated development of
    publishing in the future. At the end of 2023, the Central Propaganda Department (中宣部) and the Ministry of Education (教育
    部) jointly issued “The Implementation Opinions on Promoting the co-construction of Publishing Discipline Majors (《關於推進出
    版學科專業共建的實施意見》)”, promoting co-operation among universities, relevant departments and units to jointly establish
    the publishing colleges and strengthen the construction of publishing discipline majors so as to accelerate the cooperation
    among industry, university and research development. In January 2024, the National Press and Publication Administration (國
    家新聞出版署) issued a “The notice on organizing and implementing the 2024 Publishing Integration Development Project of
    the National Press and Publication Administration (國家新聞出版署關於組織實施2024年度出版融合發展工程的通知). We
    focuses on deepening Digital Publishing Quality Platform Selection and Recommendation Plan (數字出版優質平台遴選推薦計
    劃), and the Publishing Integration Development Excellent Talent Selection and Training Plan (出版融合發展優秀人才遴選培養計
    劃). The Publishing Integration Development Project (出版融合發展工程) has been implemented since 2021 and is a systematic




8   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                        Annual Report 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




arrangement to promote the in-depth integration development of the publishing industry. In 2021 and 2023, the emphasis will
be placed on the in-depth implementation of the Digital Publishing Boutique Selection and Recommendation Plan (數字出版
精品遴選推薦計劃), and the Publishing Integration Development Demonstration Unit Selection and Recommendation Plan (出
版融合發展示範單位遴選推薦計劃). In 2022 and 2024, the emphasis will be placed on the in-depth implementation of the
Digital Publishing Quality Platform Selection and Recommendation Plan (數字出版優質平台遴選推薦計劃), and the Publishing
Integration Development Excellent Talent Selection and Training Plan (出版融合發展優秀人才遴選培養計劃). The National
Press and Publication Administration (國家新聞出版署) has organized the implementation of the 2024 Publishing Integration
Development Project (2024年度出版融合發展工程), with the goal of continuing to promote the deep integration of traditional
and digital publishing, and creating new quality productivity in the publishing industry. In the second half of 2024, the China
Association for Science and Technology (中國科協), the Ministry of Education (教育部), the Ministry of Science and Technology
(科技部), the Ministry of Finance (財政部), the National Press and Publication Administration (國家新聞出版署), the Chinese
Academy of Sciences (中國科學院), and the Chinese Academy of Engineering (中國工程院) issued the “Notice on Organizing
the Implementation of the second phase of the Excellence Action Plan for Chinese Science and Technology Journals” (《關於組
織實施中國科技期刊卓越行動計劃二期項目的通知》). The second phase of the Excellence Action Plan (卓越行動計劃二期項
目) for Science and Technology Journals focused on supporting more scientific and technological journals to enter the world’s first
tier, promoting more high-level academic research papers to be published in Chinese journals and more high-quality journals to
be published on China’s independent platforms, so as to provide strong support for the self-strengthen and self-reliance of high-
level science and technology. Finally, a total of 463 projects were selected for the second phase of the Excellence Action Plan
for Chinese Science and Technology Journals. The implementation of the second phase of the Excellent Action Plan for Science
and Technology Journals would accelerate the construction of independent platforms for selected journals.

The trends of industry demand
Regarding media integration, with the development of generative artificial intelligence technology, related technologies such as
artificial intelligence have begun to be deeply applied in media deep integration. Especially, generative artificial intelligence
represented by big models has begun to penetrate into various industries, triggering a new round of artificial intelligence
technology revolution. More and more central and provincial level media are actively introducing cutting-edge technologies such
as artificial intelligence and big data, exploring the integration of big models, AIGC and other technologies with media business,
building an AIGC artificial intelligence application platform, so as to apply the big models, AIGC and other artificial intelligence
technologies to content creation, production, and distribution processes, empowering the production and dissemination of media
news, and to promote the transformation of media integration from integrated media to intelligent media, such as through digital
humans, AI videos, AI content review, AI creation, and an AIGC content ecosystem establishment. In addition, media at all
levels continue to promote the construction of a comprehensive media system, build diverse publishing channels, accelerate the
upgrading of self-built clients, continuously expand new scenarios and channels, integrate multiple platforms, and cooperate
across borders to build a comprehensive media communication matrix. Provincial media actively integrate media resources within
the province, strengthen the construction of independent and controllable provincial cloud platforms, empower deep integration
of media at the provincial, city, and county levels, create an integrated communication pattern within the province, and connect
the media at all levels from central media to provincial, city, and county. At the same time, mainstream media at all levels has
established international communication centers. Currently, 31 international communication centers were established in 18
provinces including Shanghai, Guangdong, Shandong, Henan, and Hunan. Multilingual websites were built, and a multi subject,
three-dimensional communication matrix would be constructed. The city-prefecture level integrated media center integrated the
resources around the construction of city-prefecture level integrated media centers, built a unified city-prefecture level integrated
media platform, and promoted the upgrading of news clients.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                      FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Around integrated publishing, many publishing groups actively layout artificial intelligence applications, explore the development
     and application of artificial intelligence technology, build professional field models, promote the digitization, networking, and
     intelligent upgrading transformation of traditional publishing, promote the application of new technologies in the entire publishing
     industry chain, so as to achieve industrial innovation through technological innovation, attach importance to the innovation
     of artificial intelligence scene applications, integrate artificial intelligence technology with traditional publishing editing and
     scheduling, and build a human-machine collaborative intelligent publishing business process. We emphasize the coordinated
     construction of content development with artificial intelligence technology application, promote the intelligent transformation of
     business processes, in order to achieve the improvement of content production efficiency and quality, upgrade product services,
     and cultivate new quality productivity through new technologies.

     (1)    Product and solution
            Focusing on deep media integration: In 2024, we continue to increase the development and iteration of the new
            generation of intelligent media open platform “Founder Skylark Cloud Media Integration Platform (方正雲雀融媒體平台)”,
            deepen the research and development of data middle platform and AI middle platform, and create a new generation of
            media integration technology supporting platform with cloud, containerization, and microservice architecture, continuously
            improving the intelligence of products, video capabilities of products, fully empowering the in-depth integration of media
            and the construction of technology platforms for municipal-level integrated media centers. A new generation of intelligent
            media opened platform “Founder Skylark Cloud Media Integration Platform (方正雲雀融媒體平台)” realized not only the
            integration for media businesses, management, users and data, but also the optimization of new mobile media platforms
            and mobilization of core content productive businesses. Meanwhile, the solution strengthened and optimized the abilities
            of comprehensive and integrated production (統一融合生產能力), comprehensive planning and interview (統一策採能
            力), comprehensive compilation and editing and distribution from various ends (統一編審和多端發佈能力) through the
            assistance of data middle platform and artificial intelligence middle platform, realize the digitization and intelligence of
            various application scenarios for planning, interview, compilation, editing, publishing and distribution (策採編審發傳).
            In 2024, Founder Rubik’s Cube Media Big Model (魔方媒體大模型) and the AIGC auxiliary tool based on the Rubik’s
            Cube Media Big Model, which is Rubik’s Cube Intelligent Creator (魔方智能創作器) was continuously iterating, the
            Founder Rubik’s Cube Intelligent Creator V2.0 version (魔方智能創作器V2.0版本) was released. The core capabilities of
            Founder Rubik’s Cube Intelligent Creator V2.0 version mainly focus on five aspects: “event understanding and intelligent
            topic selection (事件理解與智能選題), knowledge Q&A and assisted creation (知識問答與輔助創作), text understanding
            and document processing (文本理解與文檔處理), multimodal generation and information extraction (多模態生成與信息
            抽取), and AI intelligent toolset (AI智能工具集). They aim to improve the authority and accuracy of generated content,
            create the chief AI assistant for media professionals, empower content creators, and improve media production efficiency
            and quality.

            Around integrated publishing business: For the publishing business: Founder Electronics has continuously stepped up
            its efforts in the research and development of the new generation of the digital joint compilation system, covering
            technologies and software products for joint compilation (協同編纂系統), smart review (智能審校), XML automatic
            typesetting (XML自動化排版), knowledge service (知識服務) and content production (內容制作). In 2024, Founder
            Starry Sky (方正星空) published a Large Model and AI editing assistant, as well as Founder Smart Review Version 5.0
            (方正智能審校5.0版本). The AI editing assistant was equipped with an AI big model, providing functions such as
            intelligent editing and review assistance (Pre-review of manuscripts), pre-layout by AI, artificial intelligence generated
            content (intelligent rewriting and polishing of manuscripts) and AI content review in scenarios application. Founder
            Smart Review Version 5.0 (智能審校5.0版本) was also equipped with Big Model, which continuously enhance the
            aspects of ideological content review and control capabilities (意識形態內容審核把關能力), intelligent error correction
            capabilities (智能糾錯能力), knowledge inspection capabilities (知識檢查能力), and the applications for scenario




10   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                         Annual Report 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




       expansion (場景擴展應用), while fully opening up text and knowledge review of Cloud SaaS Service capabilities such
       as text review, document review, and knowledge review. Review capabilities of multimedia content such as images,
       audio and video were also released. In 2024, Founder Hongyun Academic Publishing and Communication Service
       Platform (方正鴻雲學術出版與傳播服務平台) released artificial intelligence applications such as AI guided reading, AI
       video, and AI manuscript detection have been launched. The platform is mainly characterized by integration, clustering,
       internationalization, intelligentization, and datamation, serving the journal groups to create a full process digital publishing
       platform. Meanwhile, when promoting the intensive and clustered development of scientific and technological journals,
       the international influence and dissemination were enhanced, so as to assist in the transformation of digitalization and
       intelligentization for academic journals in China.

(2)    Business model
       We are committed to actively promoting the transformation of software solution for authorization service, SaaS service,
       software service and data service. In 2024, the revenue scale of service-oriented business exceeded RMB125 million,
       and the proportion of revenue continued to increase year-on-year with 2023, reaching 46%. The business model has
       gradually changed from the sale of product solution project to product solution and authorization, SaaS services, software
       services, data services, operation and maintenance services and other collaborative business models.

(3)    Marketing
       In the media market, on the basis of consolidating the central media, provincial and municipal media as well as industrial
       media markets, we increased the expansion to the pan-media markets such as government enterprises, colleges and
       universities. In 2024, Founder Electronics reached new cooperations with central-level, provincial-level and municipal-level
       media clients, including People’s Daily (人民日報社), Yangcheng Evening News (羊城晚報), Gansu Daily (甘肅日報
       社), Shaanxi Daily (陝西日報社), Shanxi Daily (山西日報社), Jilin Daily (吉林日報社), Guangxi Daily (廣西日報社), Shen
       Zhen Press Group (深圳報業集團), Heilongjiang Yichun Integrated Media Center (黑龍江伊春融媒體中心), Heilongjiang
       Qitaihe Integrated Media Center (黑龍江七台河融媒體中心), Inner Mongolia Hulunbuir Integrated Media Center (內
       蒙古呼倫貝爾融媒體中心), Inner Mongolia Alxa Integrated Media Center (內蒙古阿拉善融媒體中心), Inner Mongolia
       Bayannur Integrated Media Center (內蒙古巴彥淖爾融媒體中心), Inner Mongolia Chifeng Integrated Media Center (內
       蒙古赤峰融媒體中心), Shanxi Jincheng Integrated Media Center (山西晉城融媒體中心), Gansu Tianshui Integrated
       Media Center (甘肅天水融媒體中心), Shaanxi Qingyang Integrated Media Center (陝西慶陽融媒體中心), Zhejiang
       Jinhua Integrated Media Center (浙江金華融媒體中心), Hubei Xiangyang Integrated Media Center (湖北襄陽融媒體
       中心), Guangxi Qinzhou Integrated Media Center (廣西欽州融媒體中心), Guangxi Wuzhou Integrated Media Center
       (廣西梧州融媒體中心), Guangxi Beihai Integrated Media Center (廣西北海融媒體中心), Yunnan Chuxiong Integrated
       Media Center (雲南楚雄融媒體中心), Yunnan Lijiang Integrated Media Center (雲南麗江融媒體中心), Yunnan
       Xishuangbanna Integrated Media Center (雲南西雙版納融媒體中心) and Yunnan Wenshan Integrated Media Center
       (雲南文山融媒體中心). In addition, we had also entered into the contracts with corporate integrated media, university
       integrated media and party official integrated media platforms, including China National Ocean Oil Journal (中國海洋石
       油報), AVIC Chengdu Aircraft Research Institute (中航成都飛機研究所), CHN Energy Media Company (國家能源集團
       傳媒公司), Literature and Art Communication Center of China Federation of Literary and Art Circles Network (中國文聯網
       絡文藝傳播中心), News and Media Center of Ministry of Public Security (公安部新聞傳媒中心), Shanxi University (山西
       大學), Zhong Guo Ji Jian Jian Cha (中國紀檢監察雜誌社) and China Tobacco Magazine (中國煙草雜誌社). The Rubik’s
       Cube Intelligent Creator (魔方智能創作器) based on the Founder Rubik’s Cube Big Model (方正魔方大模型) has been
       tested by more than 40 media clients across the nation, including China Net (中國網), Shanghai United Media Group (上
       海報業集團), Yangcheng Evening News (羊城晚報), Guangzhou Daily (廣州日報), Fuzhou Daily (福州日報), Shenyang
       daily (瀋陽網), Macao Daily (澳門日報), and the new Gansu client-based intelligent capability construction project was
       entered into (新甘肅客戶端智能能力建設項目).




Annual Report 2024                                                                                       FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED         11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




            In the publishing market, new collaborations were established with publishing units such as People’s Publishing House (人
            民出版社), Higher Education Press (高等教育出版社), People’s Education Press (人民教育出版社), Beijing Publishing
            Group (北京出版集團), Shanghai Century Publishing Group (上海世紀出版集團), Jiangsu Phoenix Publishing & Media
            Group (江蘇鳳凰出版傳媒集團), People’s Medical Publishing House Co., LTD (人民衛生出版社), China Population
            and Health Press (中國人口與健康出版社) and Southwest Jiaotong University Press (西南交大出版社). Especially with
            the signing of the “Smart Campus Cloud Sorting (智校雲讎)” project with Higher Education Press (高等教育出版社), it is
            the earliest application case of domestic publishing units closely integrating artificial intelligence technology with editorial
            and review business processes. In 2024, our academic journal business has collaborated with the top academic journals
            and journal groups, including the Chinese Medical Association (中華醫學會), Chinese Medical Doctor Association (中
            國醫師學會), China Association of Chinese Medicine (中華中醫藥學會), Social Science Cluster Platform of Foreign
            Language Teaching and Research Press (外研社社科集群平台), Industry and Information Technology Journal Cluster of
            China Industry and Information Technology Publishing & Media Group (中國工信出版傳媒集團工信期刊集群), Silk Road
            Journal Cluster of Xi’an Jiaotong University (西安交通大學絲路期刊集群), and China Environmental Journal Society (中國
            環境雜誌社). By the end of 2024, the Founder Hongyun Academic Publishing and Cloud Service Platform (方正鴻雲學
            術出版雲服務平台) has served more than 1,400 academic journal users. We have completed the construction of more
            than 50 journal cluster platforms, covering disciplines such as science and technology, engineering, medicine, and social
            sciences. About 300 types of new cooperative journals were added in the year 2024. Among the 450 journals selected
            by the Founder Hongyun Academic Publishing and Cloud Service Platform (方正鴻雲學術出版雲服務平台) for the
            second phase of the Excellence Action Plan (卓越行動計劃二期項目) for Science and Technology Journals, many of them
            used the Founder Hongyun Academic Publishing and Cloud Service Platform (方正鴻雲學術出版雲服務平台). Among
            them, 47% were Chinese leading journals, 39% were Chinese tier journals, and 17% were English leading journals.


     PROSPECTS
     The management of the Group will closely monitor changes in the economy and IT market of the People’s Republic of China
     (the “PRC”). The Group will continue the development of innovative solutions and provide our customers with more cost-effective
     products and solutions to meet our customers’ demands for enhancing their competitiveness. In addition, the Group will closely
     monitor the performance of each business sector to achieve effective cost control and maximise shareholders’ value.


     EMPLOYEES
     The Group has developed its human resources policies and procedures based on performance and merit of employees. The
     Group ensures that the payments to its employees are competitive and the employees are rewarded based on their performance
     within the general framework of the Group’s salary and bonus systems. The Group provides on-the-job training to its employees
     in addition to retirement benefit schemes and medical insurance. The Group maintained a share option scheme in place for the
     purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible directors and employees of the Group who contribute to the success of
     the Group’s operations. The Group had not granted any share options to its eligible directors and employees during the current
     financial year.

     As at 31 December 2024, the number of employees of the Group was 1,020 (31 December 2023: 1,043).




12   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                           Annual Report 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FINANCIAL REVIEW
Liquidity, financial resources and capital commitments
During the year, the Group generally financed its operations with internally generated resources. As at 31 December 2024, the
Group had no interest-bearing bank borrowings (31 December 2023: Nil).

As at 31 December 2024, the Group recorded total assets of HK$1,444.5 million which were financed by liabilities of
HK$324.6 million and equity of HK$1,119.9 million. The Group’s net asset value per share as at 31 December 2024
amounted to HK$0.93 (31 December 2023: HK$0.92). The increase in net asset value per share was due to net effect of profit,
exchange differences arising from translation of foreign operations and revaluation deficit of land and buildings during the year.

The Group had total cash and bank balances (including pledged deposits and cash and cash equivalents) of HK$811.4 million
as at 31 December 2024 (31 December 2023: HK$753.9 million). As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s gearing ratio,
measured by the ratio of total borrowings (including lease liabilities) to total shareholders’ equity, was 0.1% (31 December
2023: 0.3%) while the Group’s working capital ratio was 3.93 (31 December 2023: 3.39). The increase in prepayments,
deposits and other receivables by 21.5% to HK$57.3 million (31 December 2023: HK$47.2 million) was due to increase in
prepayments and deposits for performance of contracts. The decrease in other payables and accruals by 15.0% to HK$175.8
million (31 December 2023: HK$206.7 million) was due to decrease in accrued salaries and bonus as a result of decrease in
number of staff; and decrease in subcontracting fee payable as a result of decrease in sale of font library business and media
business.

As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not have any material capital expenditure commitments.

Treasury policies
The Group adopts conservative treasury policies and controls tightly over its cash and risk management. The Group’s cash and
cash equivalents are held mainly in Hong Kong Dollars (“HKD”), RMB and United States Dollars (“U.S. dollars”). Surplus cash is
generally placed in banks as short term deposits denominated in HKD, RMB and U.S. dollars.

Exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates and related hedges
The Group operates mainly in Hong Kong and the PRC. For the operations in Hong Kong, most of the transactions are
denominated in HKD and U.S. dollars. The exchange rate of U.S. dollars against HKD is relatively stable and the related
currency exchange risk is considered minimal. For the operations in the PRC, most of the transactions are denominated in RMB.
The conversion of RMB into foreign currencies is subject to the rules and regulations of the foreign exchange controls promulgated
by the PRC government. The Group has minimal exposure to exchange rate fluctuation. No financial instrument was used for
hedging purposes. The Group will closely monitor the currency exchange risk of RMB in the near term as a result.

Contracts
As at 31 December 2024, the major contracts in hand amounted to approximately HK$211.1 million (31 December 2023:
HK$329.2 million), which are all expected to be completed within one year.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, and significant investments
     On 31 December 2024, Founder Electronics as the purchaser, and 新方正控股發展有限責任公司 (New Founder Development
     Co., Ltd.*) (“New Founder”) and 方正信息產業有限責任公司 (Founder Information Industry Company Limited*) (“Founder
     Information”) (New Founder and Founder Information are the substantial shareholders of the Company) as the vendors, entered
     into the equity transfer agreement, pursuant to which the Founder Electronics has agreed to acquire 100% equity interest in 天津
     方正手跡數字技術有限公司 (Tianjin Founder Handwriting Digital Technology Ltd.*) from New Founder and Founder Information
     for a consideration of RMB3,579,811.24 (equivalent to approximately HK$3,876,000). For details, please refer to the
     announcement of the Company dated 31 December 2024.

     Save as disclosed above, the Group had no material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, or
     significant investments during the year ended 31 December 2024.

     Charges on assets
     As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s bank deposits of approximately HK$6.0 million were pledged to banks to secure
     banking facilities granted.

     Future plans for material investments or capital assets
     The Group did not have any concrete future plans for material investments or capital assets as at 31 December 2024. However,
     the Group always seeks for new investment opportunities in the software development and system integration business to broaden
     the revenue and profit base of the Group and enhance shareholders’ value in the long term.

     Contingent liabilities
     At 31 December 2024, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities.




     *   For identification purpose only


14   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                    Annual Report 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Company is firmly committed to the overall standards of corporate governance and has always recognized the importance of
accountability and communication with its shareholders. The Company adopted all the code provisions of Corporate Governance
Code (the “CG Code”), as set out in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), as its own code on corporate governance practices.

In the opinion of the directors, the Company has complied with all the code provisions as set out in the CG Code throughout the
year ended 31 December 2024.


DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in
Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules as the Company’s code of conduct and rules governing dealings by all directors in the securities
of the Company. Upon being made specific enquiries by the Company, all directors of the Company confirmed that they have
complied with the required standards set out in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31 December 2024.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS
As at 31 December 2024, the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) comprises six executive directors and three
independent non-executive directors. To the best knowledge of the directors, there is no relationship (including financial, business,
family or other material/relevant relationship) among members of the Board.

The directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this annual report were:

Executive directors:
Mr. Zhang Jian Guo (Chairman and President, appointed as chairman on 9 January 2025 and appointed as president on
 17 December 2024)
Mr. Wang Jin Chao
Mr. Guo Song (appointed on 9 January 2025)
Mr. Xu Chengjie (appointed on 9 January 2025)
Mr. Li Shuo Feng (appointed on 10 April 2024)
Ms. Wu Jing
Mr. Qi Zi Xin (The former chairman, resigned as chairman and executive director on 9 January 2025)
Mr. Shao Xing (The former president, resigned as president on 17 December 2024 and resigned as executive director on
 9 January 2025)
Mr. Hu Bin (resigned on 10 April 2024)

Independent non-executive directors:
Mr. Chan Chung Kik, Lewis
Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund
Mr. Chak Chi Shing

The biographical details of each director are disclosed on pages 60 to 61 of this Annual Report.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                      FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        15
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The Board oversees the Group’s strategic development and determines the objectives, strategies and policies of the Group.
     The Board also monitors and controls the operating and financial performance in pursuit of the Group’s strategic objectives.
     Day-to-day management of the Group’s business is delegated to the management of the Company under the supervision of
     the executive directors. The functions and powers that are so delegated are reviewed periodically to ensure that they remain
     appropriate. Matters reserved for the Board are the overall strategy of the Group, major acquisitions and disposals, major
     capital investments, dividend policy, significant changes in accounting policies, material contracts, appointment and retirement of
     directors, remuneration policy and other major operational and financial matters. It is the responsibility of the Board to determine
     the appropriate corporate governance practices applicable to the Company’s circumstances and to ensure processes and
     procedures are in place to achieve the Company’s corporate governance objectives. The directors of the Company have access
     to appropriate business documents and information about the Group on a timely basis. All the directors of the Company have
     access to the Company Secretary who is responsible for ensuring that the Board procedures, and related rules and regulations,
     are followed. Minutes of Board/Committee meetings are kept by the Company Secretary and are open for inspection by the
     directors of the Company. All directors and Board committees have recourse to external legal counsels and other professionals
     for independent advice at the Group’s expense upon their request. Appropriate directors’ liability insurance cover has also been
     arranged to indemnify the directors of the Company for liabilities arising out of corporate activities.

     The Board held four regular Board meetings at approximately quarterly intervals during the year ended 31 December 2024.
     Additional Board meetings were held when necessary. Due notices and Board papers were given to all directors prior to the
     meetings in accordance with the Listing Rules and the CG Code.

     The attendance record of each director at the Board meetings and general meeting during the year is as follows:

                                                                                         Board meetings                Annual General
                                                                                                attended/            meeting attended/
     Name of director                                                                   Eligible to attend            Eligible to attend


     Executive Directors
     Mr. Qi Zi Xin (Chairman) (resigned as chairman and executive                                    8/8                            1/1
       director on 9 January 2025)
     Mr. Zhang Jian Guo (President)                                                                  8/8                            1/1
     Mr. Shao Xing (resigned as president on 17 December 2024 and                                    8/8                            1/1
       resigned as executive director on 9 January 2025)
     Mr. Wang Jin Chao                                                                               8/8                           1/1
     Ms. Wu Jing                                                                                     2/8                           1/1
     Mr. Li Shuo Feng (appointed on 10 April 2024)                                                   7/7                           1/1
     Mr. Hu Bin (resigned on 10 April 2024)                                                          0/1                           N/A

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Chan Chung Kik, Lewis                                                                       8/8                            1/1
     Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund                                                                        8/8                            1/1
     Mr. Chak Chi Shing                                                                              8/8                            1/1


     There are also three Board committees under the Board, namely, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and
     the Audit Committee.




16   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                         Annual Report 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Each newly appointed director is provided with necessary induction and information to ensure that he/she has a proper
understanding of the Company’s operation and businesses as well as his/her responsibilities under the relevant statutes, laws,
rules and regulations. Each of Mr. Guo Song, Mr. Xu Chengjie and Mr. Li Shuo Feng (being all the directors appointed during
the financial year ended 31 December 2024 and up until the date of this annual report) has obtained the legal advice referred
to in Rule 3.09D on the date of their appointments and such directors confirmed that they understood their obligations as directors
of the Company.

Directors’ training is an ongoing process. During the year, directors are provided with monthly updates on the Company’s
performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole and each director to discharge their duties. In addition, all
directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development trainings to develop and refresh their knowledge
and skills. The Company updates the directors on the latest updates regarding the Listing Rules and other applicable regulatory
requirements from time to time, to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate governance practices.

All directors have participated in continuous professional development and have provided to the Company the records of the
training they received during the year ended 31 December 2024. The individual training record of each director received for the
year ended 31 December 2024 is summarised below:

                                                                                     Briefings and            Attending seminars,
                                                                                   updates on the                   workshops or
                                                                              business, operations         self-study of materials
                                                                                    and corporate         relevant to the business
Name of director                                                              governance matters               or directors’ duties


Executive Directors
Mr. Qi Zi Xin (Chairman) (resigned as chairman and executive                                      ✓                              ✓
  director on 9 January 2025)
Mr. Zhang Jian Guo (President)                                                                    ✓                              ✓
Mr. Shao Xing (resigned as president on 17 December 2024 and                                      ✓                              ✓
  resigned as executive director on 9 January 2025)
Mr. Wang Jin Chao                                                                                 ✓                              ✓
Ms. Wu Jing                                                                                       ✓                              ✓
Mr. Li Shuo Feng (appointed on 10 April 2024)                                                     ✓                              ✓
Mr. Hu Bin (resigned on 10 April 2024)                                                            ✓                              ✓

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Chan Chung Kik, Lewis                                                                         ✓                              ✓
Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund                                                                          ✓                              ✓
Mr. Chak Chi Shing                                                                                ✓                              ✓


The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in the code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code. The Board reviewed
the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous professional development of directors and
senior management, the Company’s policies and practices in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the compliance
with the Model Code, and the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in this Corporate Governance Report.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                    FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        17
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
     The roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive are separate and are not exercised by the same individual. Mr. Qi Zi Xin is
     the Chairman of the Board during the year ended 31 December 2024. The primary role of the Chairman is to provide leadership
     for the Board and to ensure that it works effectively in the discharge of its responsibilities. Mr. Shao Xing is the President of the
     Company until he resigned on 17 December 2024 and Mr. Zhang Jian Guo is appointed as the President of the Company on
     17 December 2024. The President is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Group’s business. Their respective role
     and responsibilities are set out in writing which have been approved by the Board.


     NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     As at 31 December 2024, there are three non-executive directors, and all of them are independent. Each independent non-
     executive director has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a period of one year. Pursuant to the Bye-laws of
     the Company, one third of all the directors, including the non-executive directors, shall be subject to retirement by rotation at each
     annual general meeting.

     All of the three independent non-executive directors have appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial
     management expertise. This composition is in compliance with the requirement of Rule 3.10 of the Listing Rules. Each independent
     non-executive director has, pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, provided an annual confirmation of his independence to the
     Company and the Company also considers them to be independent.


     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
     The Remuneration Committee of the Board was established in 2005 with specific written terms of reference which deal clearly
     with its authorities and duties. The role and functions of this committee include formulating the remuneration policy, making
     recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of all executive directors and senior management, making
     recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive directors, reviewing and approving performance-based
     remuneration, and ensuring that no director or any of his/her associates is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration.

     In 2024, the Remuneration Committee met once to review and discuss the remuneration policy for the directors of the Company
     and the remuneration packages of all directors of the Company. The Company’s policy on remuneration is to maintain fair and
     competitive packages based on business needs and industry practice. For determining the level of fees paid to the directors,
     market rates and factors such as each director’s workload and required commitment will be taken into account. No individual
     director will be involved in decisions relating to his/her own remuneration. The Remuneration Committee adopts the model of
     making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive directors and senior management.
     Information relating to the remuneration of each director for 2024 is set out in Note 8 to the Company’s 2024 Financial
     Statements.

     The members of the Remuneration Committee during the year and their attendance record at the meeting are as follows:

     Name of member                                                                                 Meeting attended/Eligible to attend


     Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund (Chairman) (Independent non-executive director)                                                         1/1
     Mr. Qi Zi Xin                       (Executive director)                                                                         1/1
     Mr. Chak Chi Shing                  (Independent non-executive director)                                                         1/1




18   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                          Annual Report 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The Nomination Committee of the Board was established in 2012 with specific written terms of reference which deal clearly
with its authorities and duties. Its terms of reference amended and adopted by the Board in December 2018 can be found
on the Company’s website (www.irasia.com/listco/hk/founder) and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited’s website
(www.hkexnews.hk). The role and functions of the Nomination Committee include determining the policy for the nomination
of directors, setting out the nomination procedures and the process and criteria adopted to select and recommend candidates
for directorship. Only the most suitable candidates who are experienced and competent and able to fulfill the fiduciary duties
and duties of skill, care and diligence would be recommended to the Board for selection. Appointments of directors are first
considered by the Nomination Committee and recommendations of the Nomination Committee are then put to the Board for
decision. The Nomination Committee is also responsible for reviewing the structure, size and diversity of the board.

The Board Diversity Policy was adopted by the Board on 30 August 2013. In designing the Board’s composition, the diversity
of the Board has been considered from a number of aspects including, but not limited to, gender, age, cultural and educational
background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of services. Candidates will be considered against objective
criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity of the Board. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the
Board Diversity Policy on an annual basis; and reviewing the measurable objectives that have been set for implementing the
board Diversity Policy, and reviewing the progress on achieving the objectives.

Out of the nine directors comprising the board, one of them is women. The Company is of the view that gender diversity in
respect of the Board has been achieved. Three of the nine directors are independent non-executive directors, thereby promoting
critical review and control of the management process. The Board is also characterised by significant diversity, whether
considered in terms of age, cultural and educational background, professional expertise and skills. The Board endeavours to steer
forward and ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of aspects appropriate to the requirements of
the Company’s business, and is committed to improving gender diversity as and when suitable candidates are identified.

Of the 1,020 employees (including senior management) of the Group during the reporting period, in which 424 are female,
representing 41.6% of all employees. Accordingly, the Company considers that gender diversity is also achieved in its workforce
generally.

The nomination policy of directors of the Company was adopted by the Board on 28 December 2018. The policy sets out the
procedures, process and criteria for identifying and recommending candidates for election to the Board.

Selection Criteria
When evaluating and selecting candidates for directorships, the members of the Nomination Committee or the Board shall
consider the following criteria:

(a)    Character and integrity;

(b)    Qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience that are relevant to the Company’s
       business and corporate strategies;

(c)    The Board Diversity Policy and any measurable objectives adopted by the Nomination Committee for achieving diversity
       on the Board;

(d)    Willingness to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a Board member and other directorships and significant
       commitments;


Annual Report 2024                                                                                   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED       19
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     (e)    In case of independent non-executive Directors, whether the candidates would be considered independent in accordance
            with the Listing Rules;

     (f)    In case of re-election, the overall contribution and service to the Company of the Director to be re-elected and the level of
            participation and performance on the Board and the other criteria set out in this section; and

     (g)    Such other perspectives appropriate to the Company’s business.

     These factors are for reference only, and not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The Nomination Committee has the discretion
     to nominate any person, as it considers appropriate.

     Nomination Procedures
     (a)    The Nomination Committee and/or the Board identifies potential candidates including but not limited to internal
            promotion, re-designation, referral by other member of the management and external recruitment agencies and/or
            advisors. The Nomination Committee then develops a short list of candidates and agrees on proposed candidate(s);

     (b)    Proposed candidate(s) will be asked to submit the necessary personal information, biographical details, together with their
            written consent to be appointed as a director. The Nomination Committee may request candidates to provide additional
            information and documents, if considered necessary;

     (c)    The Nomination Committee shall, upon receipt of the proposal on appointment of new director(s) and the personal
            information (or relevant details) of the proposed candidate(s), evaluate such candidate(s) based on the criteria as set out
            above to determine whether such candidate(s) is qualified for directorship;

     (d)    For any person that is nominated by a shareholder for election as a Director at the general meeting of the Company, the
            Nomination Committee shall evaluate such candidate based on the criteria as set out above to determine whether such
            candidate is qualified for directorship;

     (e)    If the process yields one or more desirable candidates, the Nomination Committee shall rank them by order of preference
            based on the needs of the Company and reference check of each candidate (where applicable);

     (f)    The secretary of the Nomination Committee shall convene a meeting of the Nomination Committee. For filling a
            casual vacancy, the Nomination Committee shall make recommendations for the Board’s consideration and approval.
            For proposing candidates to stand for re-election or election at a general meeting, the Nomination Committee shall
            make nominations or recommendations for the Board’s consideration and the Board shall make recommendations to
            shareholders in respect of the proposed re-election or election of Director(s) at the general meeting;

     (g)    In order to provide information of the candidates nominated by the Board to stand for election or re-election at a
            general meeting, a circular will be sent to shareholders. The circular will set out the names, brief biographies (including
            qualifications and relevant experience), independence, proposed remuneration and any other information, as required
            pursuant to the applicable laws, rules and regulations including the Listing Rules, of the proposed candidates; and

     (h)    The Board shall have the final decision on all matters relating to its recommendation of candidates to stand for election or
            re-election at any general meeting.




20   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                         Annual Report 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




In 2024, the Nomination Committee met once to review the structure, size and diversity of the Board, nomination procedure
and the independence of the independent non-executive directors, and to recommend the Board on the appointment and
reappointment of directors and the succession planning for directors.

The members of the Nomination Committee during the year and their attendance record at the meeting are as follows:

Name of member                                                                                 Meeting attended/Eligible to attend

Mr. Qi Zi Xin (Chairman)                   (Executive director)                                                                  1/1
Mr. Chan Chung Kik, Lewis                  (Independent non-executive director)                                                  1/1
Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund                   (Independent non-executive director)                                                  1/1


AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee of the Board was established in 1998 in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules with specific written
terms of reference which deal clearly with its authorities and duties. Its terms of reference amended and adopted by the Board
in December 2018, can be found on the Company’s website (www.irasia.com/listco/hk/founder) and The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited’s website (www.hkexnews.hk). The Audit Committee now solely comprises independent non-executive
directors of the Company, namely, Mr. Chan Chung Kik, Lewis (Chairman), Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund and Mr. Chak Chi
Shing. All the committee members possess appropriate professional accounting and financial qualifications.

The primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee include making recommendations to the Board on the appointment,
reappointment and removal of the external auditors, approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external
auditors, reviewing and monitoring the external auditors’ independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process
in accordance with applicable standards, developing and implementing policy on the engagement of external auditors to provide
non-audit services, monitoring the integrity of the financial statements and the reports of the Company, overseeing the Company’s
financial reporting system, risk management and internal control systems and developing and reviewing policies and practices or
corporate governance.

In 2024, the Audit Committee met three times. During the meetings, the Audit Committee reviewed the reports from the
independent auditors regarding their audit on annual financial statements, review on interim financial results, discussed the internal
control of the Group, and met with the independent auditors.

The attendance report of the members of the Audit Committee at the meetings during the year are as follows:

Name of member                                                                                Meetings attended/Eligible to attend


Mr. Chan Chung Kik, Lewis (Chairman) (Independent non-executive director)                                                        3/3
Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund             (Independent non-executive director)                                                        3/3
Mr. Chak Chi Shing                   (Independent non-executive director)                                                        3/3




Annual Report 2024                                                                                       FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        21
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
     The Board has the ultimate responsibility to maintain appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems for
     the Group to safeguard the interests of shareholders and the Group as a whole and to ensure strict compliance with relevant
     laws, rules and regulations. The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the risk management and
     internal control systems and reporting to the Board.

     The Group’s risk management and internal control systems comprise a well established organisational structure and
     comprehensive policies and standards. Areas of responsibilities for each business and functional unit are clearly defined to ensure
     effective checks and balances. Procedures have been designed for safeguarding assets against unauthorised use or disposition;
     for maintaining proper accounting records; and for ensuring the reliability of financial information used within the business or for
     publication. The Board also clarifies that the system is designed to manage, rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve
     business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

     During the year, the internal audit department has carried out an overview on the effectiveness of the risk management and
     internal control systems of the Group. Based on the risk-based approach, the internal audit department continuously review and
     monitor the sufficiency of the risk control measures of every business unit of the Group and to examine if relevant measures have
     been implemented. The procedures involve assuring the existence of related risks in the first place, then assessing the levels to
     which the potential risks are attributed based on the following two risk factors, i.e., the level of significance of the risk and the
     possibility of occurrence. No material internal control aspects of any significant problems were identified. With reference to the
     assessment of the internal audit department, both the Audit Committee and the Board conducted review of the risk management
     and internal control systems maintained by the Group including the financial, operational and compliance controls and risk
     management functions for the year ended 31 December 2024 and were satisfied that the risk management and internal control
     systems of the Group had functioned effectively and was adequate during the year.


     INSIDE INFORMATION DISCLOSURE POLICY
     An Inside Information Policy was adopted by the Company which sets out guidelines to the directors of the Company, officers
     and all relevant employees of the Group to ensure inside information (as defined in the Listing Rules) (the “Inside Information”) of
     the Group would be disseminated to the public in equal and timely manner in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
     The Company also established Group Internal Notification Policies and Procedures for setting out guidelines for identification and
     notification of Inside Information and notifiable transactions (as defined in the Listing Rules). A whistleblowing policy was also
     adopted by the Group.




22   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                         Annual Report 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
During the year, the remuneration in respect of audit and non-audit services provided by the Company’s auditor, Ernst & Young, is
summarised as follows:

                                                                                                                        HK$’000


Statutory audit services                                                                                                   2,913

Non-audit services:
 Agreed-upon procedures on interim results                                                                                   435
 Agreed-upon procedures on continuing connected transactions                                                                  55
 Compliance and tax advisory services                                                                                         98


                                                                                                                             588


Total                                                                                                                      3,501


DIRECTORS’ AND AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company acknowledge their responsibility for the preparation of the financial statements of the Group for
the year ended 31 December 2024 which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the Group
on a going concern basis in accordance with the statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards. The statement
of the Auditors of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the financial statements of the Group is set out in the
Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 70 to 74 of this Annual Report.


COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms Cheang Yee Wah Eva (“Ms Cheang”), who is responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance matters and
ensuring that the Board policies and procedures, and the applicable laws, rules and regulations were followed, has been the
company secretary of the Company since 11 May 2018. Ms Cheang has taken relevant professional trainings which are in
compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules for the year ended 31 December 2024.


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Company affirms its commitment to maintaining a high degree of corporate transparency, communicating regularly with its
shareholders and ensuring, in appropriate circumstances, the investment community at large being provided with ready, equal
and timely access to balanced and understandable information about the Company (including its financial performance, strategic
goals and plans, material developments, governance and risk profile), in order to enable the shareholders to exercise their rights
in an informed manner.

The Company’s Annual General Meeting (the “AGM”) is one of the principal channels of communication with its shareholders.
It provides an opportunity for shareholders to ask questions about the Company’s performance. Separate resolutions will be
proposed for each substantially separate issue at the AGM. Directors of the Company, including the Board members and
Chairmen of the Board committees and Board committee members, and the Company’s external auditor attended the 2024
AGM and were available to answer questions from shareholders.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        23
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Under the Listing Rules, all resolutions proposed at general meetings must be voted by poll except where the chairman of a
     general meeting, in good faith and in compliance with the Listing Rules, decides to allow a resolution which relates purely
     to a procedural or administrative matter to be voted on by a show of hands. Details of the poll procedures will be explained
     during the proceedings of general meetings. The poll results will be released and posted on the websites of the Stock Exchange
     (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.irasia.com/listco/hk/founder).

     To provide effective communication, the Company adopts a Shareholders’ communication policy which aims at establishing
     a two-way relationship and communication between the Company and its Shareholders and maintains a website at
     www.irasia.com/listco/hk/founder. All the financial information and other disclosures including, inter alia, annual reports,
     interim reports, announcements, circulars, notices and Memorandum of Association and New Bye-Laws are available on the
     Company’s website. The Board has reviewed its prevailing Shareholders’ Communication Policy during the year, and believes
     the Shareholders’ Communication Policy is still appropriate and effective.

     Shareholders may direct their questions about their shareholdings to the Company’s Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor
     Services Limited, at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong or contact the Customer Service Hotline
     of the Company’s Registrar at (852) 2862 8555. Shareholders may send their enquiries to the Board or the Company Secretary
     in written form to the head office and principal place of business in Hong Kong of the Company.


     THE SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
     Convene a Special General Meeting
     Pursuant to Section 74 of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda and Bye-law 62 of the Bye-laws of the Company, special
     general meetings shall be convened on the requisition of one or more shareholders of the Company holding, at the date of
     deposit of the requisition, not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general
     meetings of the Company. Such requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the Secretary for the purpose of requiring a
     special general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. Such meeting
     shall be held within three months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed
     to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner.

     Put forward proposals at shareholders’ meetings
     Shareholder(s) representing not less than one-twentieth (5%) of the total voting rights of all the shareholders of the Company or of
     not less than 100 shareholders of the Company may by requisition, at their own expense unless the Company otherwise resolves,
     to put forward proposals at general meetings of the Company pursuant to Clauses 79 and 80 of the Companies Act 1981 of
     Bermuda (as amended). A written notice to that effect signed by the shareholder(s) concerned together with a sum reasonably
     sufficient to meet the expenses in giving effect thereto must be deposited at the registered office of the Company not less than six
     weeks before the meeting for requisition(s) requiring notice of a resolution, or not less than one week before the meeting for any
     other requisition(s).


     COMPANY CULTURE
     The Board plays a leading role in defining the purpose, values and strategies of the Company, and aligning them with the culture
     of the Company. The Board sets the tone and shapes the company culture of the Company, which is instilled and continuously
     reinforced by the core values of acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly across all levels of the Company. The Company
     endeavours to act responsibly and maintain accountability to its employees, shareholders, other stakeholders, as well as the
     community. The Company’s purpose, values and strategies form the foundations of the culture of the Company, which adheres to
     strong ethical values and strives for sustainable development.




24   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                          Annual Report 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




DIVIDEND POLICY
Policy on Payment of Dividend of the Company is in place setting out the factors in determination of dividend payment of the
Company, including results of operations, working capital, financial position, future prospects, and capital requirements, as well
as any other factors which the Board may consider relevant from time to time. The policy shall be reviewed periodically and
submitted to the Board for approval if amendments are required.


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
The Company did not make any changes in its constitutional documents during the year.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        25
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     ABOUT THIS REPORT
     This Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Report (the “Report”) aims to describe the system construction and
     performances of Founder Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) in fulfilling environmental and social
     responsibilities. This Report is published on the websites of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) (www.
     hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.irasia.com/listco/hk/founder).The Report describes the Group’s ESG performances
     during the financial year from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024 (the “Year”).

     Scope of reporting
     The reporting scope of this ESG Report is discussed and confirmed by the senior management of the Group. This ESG Report
     covers the operating activities which are considered as material by the Group, including the operation of headquarter office and
     marketing campaigns of Beijing Founder Electronics Co., Ltd. (“Founder Electronics”), the wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group.
     The headquarter office of Founder Electronics is located at Beijing, in which its business activities represent approximately 100%
     of the Group’s total revenue.

     Reporting standard
     This Report is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (the “Guide”) as set
     out in Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules of the Stock Exchange on the basis of the four reporting principles (i.e. materiality,
     quantitative, balance and consistency).

     Materiality:    The Group reviews and defines the reporting scope based on the significance of different operations. Business
                     units and operations with significant ESG impacts are disclosed in the report.

     Quantitative:   The Group presents quantitative environmental and social key performance indicators (“KPIs”) as well as historical
                     data in the report for comparison where applicable.

     Balance:        The Report aims to disclose data in an objective way, which aims to provide stakeholders with a balance
                     overview of the Group’s overall ESG performance.

     Consistency:    Unless otherwise stated, the Group adopts consistent methodologies and retrieves social and environmental KPIs
                     from the Group’s internal record system. The scope of reporting and KPIs are consistent with those of the previous
                     report to allow meaningful comparison over time.

     Confirmation
     As at the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group confirmed that it has established appropriate and effective management
     policies and internal control systems for ESG issues and confirmed that the disclosed contents are in compliance with the
     requirements of the Guide.

     Feedback
     The Group welcomes stakeholders to provide their opinions and suggestions. You can provide valuable advice in respect of the
     ESG Report or the Group’s performances in sustainable development at ir@founder.com.hk.




26   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                       Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




BOARD STATEMENT ON ESG GOVERNANCE
The Group has established a sustainable corporate governance structure to ensure that the measures of sustainable development
are integrated into the operations. The Group’s corporate governance structure stipulates the responsibilities of the departments
and subsidiaries, under the supervision of the Board of Directors (the “Board”), which has the overall responsibility for the Group’s
ESG strategy and reporting. The Board is responsible for evaluating and determining the Group’s ESG-related risks, and ensuring
that appropriate and effective ESG risk management and internal control systems are in place.

The Board reviews issues and policies related to the Group’s sustainable development annually, make amendments to the policies
in a timely manner and review and approve the Report.


STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
The Group values our stakeholders and their views relating to its businesses and ESG issues. One of the key approaches
is through stakeholder engagement, which enables two-way communication to receive valuable feedback and to act on
improvement measures. The communication channels with respective stakeholder groups are highlighted as below:

Stakeholders                           Communication channels                         Possible issues concerned


Shareholders and Investors             •      General meeting and                     •      Business strategies and sustainability
                                              shareholders’ meetings                  •      Financial performance
                                       •      Financial reports, announcements        •      Corporate governance
                                              and circulars
                                       •      Company’s website
                                       •      Company hotline and email

Customers                              •      Company hotline and email               •      Services quality and reliability
                                       •      Business meetings                       •      Fair and reasonable pricing
                                                                                      •      Customer information security

Employees                              •      Employee activities                     •      Training and development
                                       •      Training, seminars and workshops        •      Occupational health and safety
                                                                                      •      Employee remuneration
                                                                                      •      Equal opportunity

Suppliers                              •      Business meetings                       •      Fair competition

The Public                             •      ESG Report                              •      Investor relationship
                                       •      Company hotline and email

Intelligent consumption reduction, the use of resources in the headquarters office, staff training and social welfare are the most
important factors for the Company in terms of environment, society and governance, so they constitute the important reporting
divisions in this report. Other measures related to environment, energy and climate change will be reviewed and considered by
the Company in the next annual report.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                      FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        27
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     I.      ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
             The Group serves in the fields of printing, media, publishing, big data and fonts library and is committed to providing
             leading information processing technology, products, system solutions and value-added services to customers, enabling
             customers to experience an information technology life in the era of mobile Internet via different devices without time and
             space limitation. Apart from continuously enhancing business quality and providing value-added services to customers,
             the Group also recognises the importance of greater environmental stewardship and sustainable development of the
             community in order to ensure the holistic and harmonious development of our business alongside the environment and
             communities in which we operate. Throughout the past years, the Group has been actively fulfilling its corporate social
             responsibilities. It has a proven record in utilizing technology and combining comprehensive staff on-the-job training with
             its well-established governance system to actively reduce its overall impact on the environment from various aspects.

             Due to the Group’s office-based business nature, the Group does not cause a significant impact on the environment. The
             Group nevertheless continuously improves existing policies and incorporates new policies with the intention of mitigating
             potential direct and indirect negative environmental impacts arising from its business operations. Further details are
             included in the part of “Resource utilisation”.

             1.        Carbon emission
                       The Group comprehensively enhanced its corporate image on both the environment and the community aspects
                       and actively responded to the challenges and impact of climate changes on the global economy. Starting from
                       2017, the Group discloses its carbon emission data every year and integrated energy conservation and emission
                       reduction into its long-term plan, pursuant to which it has formulated corresponding carbon reduction measures
                       to lower the impact of its total emission of greenhouse gases to the community and the environment. The carbon
                       emission of Founder Electronics was mainly resulted from energy consumption and electricity used in computers,
                       printing systems, lighting systems and information technology (“IT”) systems for its core media business as well as
                       exhaust gas from commercial vehicles. As the major source of power generation in Beijing was coal burning,
                       Founder Electronics has focused its work in relation to energy conservation and emission reduction by saving
                       electricity and reducing consumption of resources with an aim to reduce the greenhouse gases generated from
                       coal burning.

                       The total emission of greenhouse gases generated from purchased electricity for the year of Founder Electronics
                       are as follows:


                                TOTAL EMISSION OF GREENHOUSE GASES
                          GENERATED FROM PURCHASED ELECTRICITY (LAST 5 YEARS)


          2024                                                     1,025,340

          2023                                         980,223

          2022                                                        1,035,378

          2021                                                1,008,417

          2020                                                                                1,121,336

           850,000        900,000       950,000      1,000,000    1,050,000       1,100,000   1,150,000    1,200,000     1,250,000
           CO2e (kg)




28   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                          Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




       1.        Carbon emission (continued)

                                    THE TOTAL GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS
                                          PER EMPLOYEE (LAST 5 YEARS)

   2024                                                                                      714

   2023                                                                                670

   2022                                                                                665
   2021                                                                          608
   2020                                                                                                           912

          0        100        200        300         400        500        600         700         800      900         1,000
     CO2e (kg)



                 The continuous increasing trend of total emission of greenhouse gases generated from purchased electricity by
                 year is mainly due to the increasing business volume of Founder Electronics and the appropriate overtime work
                 of employees. The total greenhouse gas emissions per employee increased from approximately 670 kg in 2023
                 to approximately 714 kg in 2024 which was mainly due to the increase in power consumption of the office
                 building as a result of the increase in business volume. The Group will encourage employees to save electricity in
                 accordance with the “Measurements for energy saving” in the “Resource utilization” section below.

       2.        Climate change
                 One of the major reasons for climate change which is global warming driven by human emissions of greenhouse
                 gases has raised the public’s concern for many years. The Group is aware of significant climate-related issues
                 such as high temperature, typhoon, flooding, wildfire or other extreme weathers, have threatened the human lives
                 and economic activities. Despite having only minimal direct emissions, our Group strives to reduce the greenhouse
                 gases generated from our operations so as to relieve the climate change. The Group identifies the global warming
                 issue and concerns about its impacts, and commits to reduce the emissions of greenhouse gases by encouraging
                 our employees to switch off lights and electronic equipment when not in use, travel to work by public transportation
                 and recycle the working papers.

       3.        Resource utilisation
                 The Group worked diligently to enhance the utilization rate of various materials and resources, including energy,
                 water and paper, and strive to enhance the reutilization rate and recycling rate of resources and reduce the
                 amount of waste produced so as to consistently implement its environmental protection concepts to all operational
                 levels and production processes. Founder Electronics always exercises stringent control over its production process
                 to minimize any hazardous or non-hazardous waste to be generated from the company’s operation. By doing so,
                 it has reduced waste from production, eased the pressure of waste handling of the community and enhanced the
                 environmental standards of the company.

                 During the reporting period, the Company has no hazardous waste, and when disposing of harmless waste, the
                 Company will select qualified waste-collection companies for the handling.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                       FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED       29
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




           3.     Resource utilisation (continued)
                  Reducing consumption by intelligent solution
                  Given its leading position in the printing industry and in terms of modern media technology, Founder Electronics
                  actively undertook its environmental mission and launched the innovative “Founder All-in-one Solution”. The solution
                  integrates printing and digital network and applies intelligent printing to the whole production process, including
                  automatic review, analysis and categorization of orders as well as automatic allocation of necessary materials
                  and assessment of the amount of consumables needed for the orders. The accurate data on actual volume of
                  production and demand would enable more precise control over utilization of materials and thus realize printing
                  on demand, resulting in significant decrease in both consumption of materials and unnecessary paper and
                  improvement in production efficiency.

                  Reducing waste by high-end digital printing technology
                  The high-end digital inkjet printing technology developed by Founder Electronics can maximize the utilization
                  rate of ink and reduce the amount of unnecessary unrecyclable waste with the use of recyclable toner cartridge
                  and ink cartridge. Looking forward, Founder Electronics will put consistent efforts in development and innovation,
                  improving its production process, and enhancing productivity with an aim to truly realise green production.

                  Measurements for energy saving
                  The Group focused on reducing various pollutants and proactively reduced the volume of waste generated and
                  enhanced the utilization efficiency of resources through various methods.

                  Light energy
                  The Group reduces unnecessary lighting energy consumption; maximize the use of daylight and turn off the light
                  of office rooms that are not being used; clean the lighting and lamps regularly to improve energy efficiencies; use
                  lighting with high energy efficiencies (e.g. T5 fluorescent light and LED).

                  Air conditioning resources
                  The Group established policies on better use of air conditioning resources with the lowest temperature of air
                  conditioner being set at 25.5℃ and turn off the air conditioner of office rooms that are not being used during the
                  office hours. After work, all departments shall turn off the power supply of office equipment in time. Special email
                  will be sent before every holiday to remind all employees to turn off the power supply of office equipment.

                  Paper resources
                  The Group promotes paperless office by using an electronic working system that replaces paper records and
                  communicate through electronic technical equipment to reduce paper documentation.

                  Printing resources
                  The computers and printers are preset for double-sided printing and ink-saving mode; staff are reminded to print
                  documents on both sides and the files to be printed may use thinner fonts and row spacing.

                  Water resources
                  To enhance the utilization efficiency of water resources, the Group can obtain the suitable water source steadily,
                  lower the water pressure to the lowest possible level; install double flush toilets in the washroom; conduct leakage
                  testing of concealed water pipes regularly and use the products with first-class water efficiency label.

                  Information and communication technology equipment
                  The information and communication technology equipment are completely turned off during non-office hours, and
                  the computers are set to enter automatic standby and sleep mode when it is idle. A wireless network recorder
                  is installed to monitor the temperature and humidity of the data center, so as to better regulate the energy
                  consumption of air conditioning.




30   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                      Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




        3.       Resource utilisation (continued)
                 Measurements for energy saving (continued)
                 Recycling and retrieve
                 The headquarters office building of the Group is equipped with recycling boxes and facilities. Evaluation for the
                 material consumption is needed when purchasing office supplies so as to avoid excessive inventory. The Group
                 also reduces the purchase and use of disposable and non-recyclable products, such as purchasing recyclable
                 toner boxes and ink cartridges.

                 Staff commuting
                 Employees are encouraged to share the use of cars and choose public transportation and green commuting to
                 alleviate road burden and vehicle exhaust gas emissions.

                 Starting from 2017, the Group discloses its utilization of resources to the public every year, the specific details of
                 recent 5 years are as follows:

                                     THE TOTAL FUEL CONSUMPTION OF
                                  THE HEADQUARTERS’ SELF-OWNED VEHICLES

     2024                                                                                         7,473

     2023                                                                                                 8,100

     2022                                           3,300
     2021                                                               5,000
     2020                                               3,661

             0        1,000     2,000       3,000      4,000         5,000      6,000    7,000      8,000         9,000    10,000
 Fuel consumption (liter)


                 The total fuel consumption of the headquarters self-owned vehicles in 2024 was approximately 7,473 liters, a
                 decrease of 7.7%, as compared to 8,100 liters in 2023. As it has reached a low level in the reporting year and
                 has declined significantly year by year, the Group aims to maintain the current level in the next year.

                                                Category                                                      Emission this year (kg)


                 Exhaust gas                    Sulphur oxides                                                                  0.110
                                                Nitrogen oxides                                                                  56.1
                                                Particulate matter                                                                5.4

                 Scope                                                                           GHG emission this year (CO2-e kg)


                 Scope 1: Direct GHG Emissions                                                                             20,234.6
                 Scope 2: Energy Indirect GHG Emissions                                                                   707,406.8
                 Scope 3: Other Indirect GHG Emissions                                                                        204.3
                 Total GHG emission                                                                                       727,845.7
                 GHG intensity (CO2-e kg/employee)                                                                            713.6



Annual Report 2024                                                                                        FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        31
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




           3.     Resource utilisation (continued)
                  Due to the business nature of the Company, the non-hazardous waste produced is immaterial data, the Company
                  considers to try and to collect more data and improve the report scope in the future.

                                                                                                 Energy consumption of this year
                                                Category                                                          (1,000 kWh)


                  Energy use                    Direct energy                                                               72.4
                                                Indirect energy                                                         1,159.49
                                                Total energy consumption                                                1,231.91
                                                Energy intensity (1,000 kWh/employee)                                        1.2

                  Resource use                  Total water consumption (tonne)                                             223.3
                                                Water consumption intensity
                                                  (tonne/employee)                                                           0.22
                                                Total packing material used (tonne)                                            10


     II.   QUALITY OF WORKING ENVIRONMENT
           1.     Working environment
                  The Group has been actively devoting significant resources with a vision of providing a safe and comfortable
                  working environment for its staff and creating a healthy, positive, harmonious and efficient corporate culture
                  that supports its staff at different locations to unleash their potential and hence create more values for the
                  Group continuously. The office building of headquarter rented by Founder Electronics in Beijing has an area of
                  approximately 13,274 sqm. The building was divided into different sections according to departmental functions,
                  which include sales department, research and development department, functional departments and public areas,
                  complemented by pantries and staff rest areas, offering a spacious and comfortable working environment for 1,020
                  staff.

           2.     Health and safety
                  Occupational health of employee
                  Founder Electronics always regards staff interests as the foundation of long-term corporate development and cares
                  for physical and mental wellness as well as safety of its staff. We understand that the staff would be devoted to
                  the Group’s business in their best conditions and continuously create values for the Group only if they have good
                  physical fitness and mental being. Throughout the years, the Group has made strenuous efforts in maintaining
                  occupational safety and caring for its staff. Previously, we have engaged professionals of Chinese medicine
                  to organize a salon, at which the professionals made diagnosis for our staff and gave professional advice on
                  healthcare.




32   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                   Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




       2.     Health and safety (continued)
              Operational compliance
              The Group has complied with local safety regulations, striving to place safety in the first place at every operational
              level. The Group organises fire drills on a regular basis, through which the staff gain knowledge regarding fire
              safety and their safety awareness raises. In the future, Founder Electronics will continue to adhere to the core
              people-oriented principle to care for its staff from various aspects and organize different activities to enhance the
              wellness and safety awareness of its staff.

              Internal policy
              The Group adopts the following occupational health and safety measures to ensure the occupational safety of
              staff.

              The Group has formulated “The safety management rules of Beijing Founder Electronics Co., Ltd. (北京北大方
              正電子有限公司安全管理規則)” to provide all staff of the Group with safety guidance within the office and
              working scope, as well as management rules for safety supervision. In addition, the Group has formulated “The
              comprehensive emergency plan for safety incidents of Beijing Founder Electronics Co., Ltd. (北京北大方正電子
              有限公司安全事故綜合應急預案)” to provide emergency plans for emergencies and safety accidents caused
              by energy, fire protection, network safety and public health, so as to ensure the health and safety of staff and to
              enhance the strain capacity of the Group in continuous operation.

              Employment contract
              In the employment contract entered into between the Group and the staff, relevant provisions on labour protection
              and occupational hazard protection are included. For example, Article 3 states that Founder Electronics has
              to provide necessary office conditions and labour safety protection for the staff, and establish and improve the
              working process, job specification and system for labour safety and health. In addition, Article 5 also states
              that Founder Electronics has to create working environment and conditions for the staff that meet the national
              occupational health standards and health requirements, and effectively protects the safety and health of staff
              in production in accordance with the relevant national labour protection regulations. The Group has strictly
              implemented the above regulations.

              In 2024, the number of work-related injuries was 2, so there was a loss of working days as 128 days due to
              work-related injuries. The nature of these two work-related injuries was that they occurred while employees were
              commuting and had no direct relationship with the Company’s regulations on labour protection and occupational
              hazard protection. The subsequent handling of the work-related injuries had been carried out in accordance with
              the Labor Law of the PRC. In addition, the number and rate of work-related fatalities were both 0.

       3.     Development and trainings
              The Group always treats its staff as the most important asset and most valuable resource of the Group. They
              drive the continuous development of the Group and take the Group to new heights. The Group strives to provide
              diversified trainings for its staff at different aspects, so that its staff can gain a variety of professional knowledge
              and continue to develop their abilities, explore potential, enhance professional skills and broaden the horizons. In
              this regard, the Group launched a series of training programs, covering staff at all levels from new employees to
              senior management. Apart from free public courses organised by the Human Resources Department, the Group
              also provided diversified professional trainings targeting different business areas. In 2024, training activities
              organized by Founder Electronics attracted 5,308 participants in total. These activities have helped staff to better
              connect with the corporate culture and system and also enhanced their comprehensive capability as well as the
              capacity for sustainable development of the Group.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                      FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED         33
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




           3.     Development and trainings (continued)
                  Target group for training
                  All kinds of training activities of the Group covered the staff of all levels and departments, including human
                  resources, business of EasiPrint, business of media and publishing, operation, induction and all staff, so that
                  employees of all departments can have sufficient and comprehensive understanding of their jobs, industry
                  development, innovative technology and corporate culture. In addition, training activities included workshops for
                  workplace social and interest class. The number of participated employees from all departments is as follows:

                                              PERCENTAGE OF PARTICIPANTS IN TOTAL




                                                            25.3%                          Human resources
                                                                                           Business of EasiPrint
                                                                                           Business of media and publishing
                                                                                           Operation
                                                                    2.9%                   Induction
                                70.5%
                                                                             0.5%          All staff
                                                                           0.2%

                                                                           0.6%




                   AVERAGE TRAINING HOURS PER CAPITA BY EMPLOYMENT TYPE


                                                 9.8
            General
               staff                           8.8


            Middle           3.1
        Management
                                                     10.7


             Senior                     6.3
        Management                                                                                                                     39.8

                       0                        10                           20                         30                           40

                                                              Male                Female




34   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




       3.     Development and trainings (continued)
              Target group for training (continued)


             PERCENTAGE OF TRAINED EMPLOYEES OF RELEVANT CATEGORY
                         BY GENDER AND EMPLOYEE TYPE

                                                                                                              57.0
        General
           staff                                                                                      53.0


        Middle                                                                       43.0
    Management
                                                                      33.0


         Senior                                                                                                           67.0
    Management                                                                                 50.0

                   0               14%                   28%                   42%                     56%                 70%

                                                               Male           Female


              Founder Electronics actively organized various activities targeting different types of business for its staff with a view
              to providing them with the most thoughtful and effective staff training programs.

              Training for Software Exam (軟考培訓 )
              In order to enhance the competitiveness of the enterprise and improve the professional skills of employees, the
              Company encouraged employees to obtain intermediate and advanced qualifications in software exams. We
              organized systematic training courses such as “System Analyst” (《系統分析師》), “Information Security Engineer”
              (《信息安全工程師》), “System Architect” (《系統架構設計師》), “Network Planner” (《網絡規劃師》), and
              “System Planning and Management Professional” (《系統規劃與管理師》). A total of 578 people participated in
              the training, with 10 people obtaining intermediate certificates and 11 people obtaining advanced certificates.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                           FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED     35
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




           3.     Development and trainings (continued)
                  Target group for training (continued)
                  “Orange Successful Start” (橙啟航 ) – New Staff Training
                  The “Orange Successful Start” – New Staff Training was held quarterly to help the new employees quickly adapt
                  to the work environment, so as to integrate into the corporate culture and inherit the corporate values. This year,
                  52 new employees finished training and gained a deep understanding of the company’s strategy, products and
                  culture, enhancing their sense of belonging and successfully passing through the “Newcomer period” (新人期).




                  Sharing of Professional Knowledge in Research and Development
                  In order to promote in-depth exchange of professional knowledge in research and development and promote the
                  application of new technologies, 20 experienced research and development teachers from media publishing,
                  font library, and business of technical middle platform actively participated in the sharing sessions. They closely
                  focused on cutting-edge topics such as AI empowered software development, agile development and localization.
                  They had well prepared and successively launched ten themed sharing sessions, including “Code Review by Big
                  Models” (《大模型幫忙 Code Review》), “Experience Sharing for Adapting to localized Platforms of Fei Xiang”
                  (《飛翔國產化平台適配經驗分享》) and “The Road to Cross Platform Energy Efficiency Based on Electron
                  Desktop for Font+” (《字加基於 Electron 桌面跨平台能效之路》). The sharing sessions attracted 914 people to
                  participate in learning, injecting new impetus into the overall improvement of research and development level and
                  the expansion of research and development ideas.




36   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                     Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




       3.     Development and trainings (continued)
              Target group for training (continued)
              Sharing of Product Expertise
              In order to promote the dissemination of expertise and experience in the products, three senior product teachers
              from media publishing shared their insights through live broadcasts, including the topics of “How to Present Product
              Demonstrations to Customers” (《如何給客戶做好產品演示》), “How to Empower SAAS Products with Artificial
              Intelligence Technology” (《如何用人工智能技術給SAAS產品賦能》) and “Presentation on Product Images,
              Packaging, and Content Expression” (《產品宣講形像包裝和內容表達呈現》). A total of 172 people participated
              the sharing online.

              Specialized Item Learning – Learning and Research Plan, Learning and Application Plan (專項學習－學研計劃、
              學貫計劃 )
              In the second half of the year, the Media Publishing Research and Development Center launched the “Learning
              and Application Plan” (學貫計劃) to achieve ISO and CMMI5 system learning with application, and the “Learning
              and Research Plan” (學研計劃) to promote AI deep learning and practicing, so as to improve efficiency on
              delivering. During the learning process, we formed a cross-departmental virtual team and achieved phased results
              through lightweight and agile team learning, practical application, sharing and review.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        37
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




           3.     Development and trainings (continued)
                  Target group for training (continued)
                  Team Workshops
                  In July, the Department of Media Publishing Integrated Media Product (媒體出版融媒體產品部) and the Founder
                  EasiPrint Service Center (印捷服務中心) successively held the team workshops. The team collaborated with
                  consensus around business goals, with each member fully committed and utilized their wisdom to form the new
                  business paths and new collaborative mechanisms, and to meet challenges with a positive, proactive, and
                  responsible attitude. In December, the Department of EasiPrint Inkjet Product held a consensus workshop on
                  the product development process. At the meeting, everyone spoke candidly, worked together, bravely faced
                  challenges, and reached a consensus on the roles, responsibilities, results, and efficiency indicators in the product
                  development process. Based on improving the overall chain, the current phase improvements and customized
                  improvement plans were determined.




38   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                       Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




       3.     Development and trainings (continued)
              Target group for training (continued)
              Orange Talent Cloud School Online Learning Courses (橙才雲塾線上學習課程 )
              The Company had launched nearly 300 course resources through the Orange Talent Cloud School Online
              Learning Platform, covering various aspects such as workplace skills, emotional management, communication
              skills, sales skills, time management, project management and tools coaching, etc., encouraging everyone to learn
              on their demands and independently through the online platform. In 2024, a total of 220 people studied 128
              courses through the Orange Talent Cloud School Online Learning Platform, with a cumulative total of 2,292 study
              hours.

       4.     Labour standards
              Equal and diversified employment opportunities
              The Group strives to provide equal and diversified employment opportunities for its staff and strictly complied
              with the principle of fairness and anti-discrimination. Founder Electronics respects gender equality. Staff are
              provided with the same benefits and their remuneration are determined with the same method for new recruitment,
              promotion and determining level of remuneration. Promotion is based on personal competence instead of other
              factors such as gender and age. Furthermore, Founder Electronics includes its commitment to fairness and equity in
              the Company’s rules, so that all employees are treated equally and all kinds of discrimination are strictly forbidden.
              The Group also encourages mutual respect among staff members in a view to creating a harmonious and friendly
              working environment.

              In 2024, the Company had 1,020 regular employees, including the increase of 56 full-time employees and nil
              part-time employees. In addition, the Company has 44 contract employees, including 26 interns and 18 retirees
              by reemployment. Regarding the data of part-time employees, contract employees and interns divided by gender,
              age group, employment type and region, due to the limitations of the data collected this year, it will be improved
              in the next annual report.

              Ensure the rest time of staff
              Moreover, the Group strictly abides by the Labour Law of the PRC and the Labour Contract Law of the PRC and
              will review its employment terms on a regular basis and issued the “Management Rules for Attendance and
              Holiday (考勤及假期管理制度)”, which effectively avoids the problem of prolonged working hours or forced
              labour and ensures the rest time of its staff by imposing stipulated number of working hours.

              Prevention of the employment of child labour
              The Group strictly abides by the provision of Article 15 of the Labour Law of the PRC, Article 28 of the Law on
              the Protection of Minors of PRC and Article 2 of the Prohibition of Child Labour Provisions (Order No. 364 of
              the State Council) that all the minors under the age of 16 are forbidden to be recruited. For staff recruitment, the
              Group strictly abides by the Labour Contract Law of the PRC. Founder Electronics has established a requirement for
              minimum academic qualification for employment to ensure that no child labour is employed and only adults over
              18 years old are recruited.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                    FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED         39
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




           4.     Labour standards (continued)
                  A detailed classification of our staff by gender, age groups, employment type and region set out as below:


                   EMPLOYEE BY GENDER                                              EMPLOYEE BY AGE GROUPS



                                                                                                      34%



                                                42%                                                                       17%
                            58%


                                                                                                                          3%
                                                                                                                                    2%
                                                                                                   44%




                             Male             Female                                          18–25       26–35     36–45

                                                                                                  46–55      Above 55


            EMPLOYEE BY EMPLOYMENT TYPE                                                 EMPLOYEE BY REGION




                          98.5%                                                                                   29.8%



                                                                                             70.2%
                                                       1.0%
                                                                0.5%




                           Senior Management                                                      Headquarters, Beijing
                           Middle Management (Note)                                               Other region
                           General staff


                  Note:    The Middle Management defined as “the principal and deputy positions of the first level departments except the Senior
                           Management”.




40   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                               Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




       4.       Labour standards (continued)
                A detailed classification of staff turnover rate by gender, age groups, employment type and region set out below:


                     STAFF TURNOVER IN NUMBER AND IN RATE BY GENDER

                                                                                                            61
         Male
                                10.2%

                                                                          37
       Female
                              8.7%


                0                           20                            40                           60                          80

                                       Turnover in total number           Turnover rate in that group (%)


                 STAFF TURNOVER IN NUMBER AND IN RATE BY AGE GROUPS

                                            11
            18–25
                                                                                 31.4%


                                                                                                             47
            26–35
                                            10.5%


                                                                  22
            36–45
                                     6.3%


                                          10
            46–55
                                5.7%


                                 6
        Above 55
                                                                                         35.3%

                     0               10                  20               30                 40                  50              60

                                               Turnover in total number        Turnover rate in that group (%)




Annual Report 2024                                                                                                    FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED   41
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




           4.        Labour standards (continued)

                                                      STAFF TURNOVER IN NUMBER AND
                                                  RATE OF THAT GROUP BY EMPLOYMENT TYPE


                   General staff                                                                                     95
                                                9.5%

          Middle Management             2
                                                       20%

                                       1
          Senior Management
                                                       20%

                                   0                         30                       60                        90                      120

                               Senior Management                   Middle Management              General staff           Turnover rate in that group (%)


                                                               STAFF TURNOVER IN NUMBER AND
                                                                RATE OF THAT GROUP BY REGION

                                                                                                                     67
                Headquarters, Beijing
                                                       9.4%


                                                                                31
                        Other region
                                                       10.2%


                                            0                              30                              60                                 90
                                                              Headquarters, Beijing        Other region    Turnover rate in that group (%)




42   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




       5.     Staff welfare
              The Group adhere to the core people-oriented principle, respecting the rights and interests of our employees
              and has already established a comprehensive welfare system, providing its staff with statutory benefits in strict
              compliance with the provisions of the Labour Law in the PRC, Labour Contract Law of the PRC and Regulations on
              the Administration of Housing Provident Fund, the scope of which covers provident fund, pension insurance, social
              insurance, additional commercial insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, maternity insurance and
              work injury insurance, etc.

              Social insurance
              Regarding the various bases of premium of social insurance for staff, Founder Electronics strictly complies with the
              regulations of Social Insurance Law of the PRC, implements and pays the premium in accordance with the national
              and local regulations to ensure that staff is guaranteed of statutory social protection.

              Additional commercial insurance
              Founder Electronics provides comprehensive medical insurance, personal accident insurance for staff and aviation
              accident insurance, in order to provide staff with better medical and accident protection and more caring as well as
              comprehensive medical benefits.

              Staff dormitory
              Founder Electronics offered first-class accommodation for its staff. The dormitory was equipped with thoughtful
              facilities that take care of all aspects of lives of our staff, making every effort to show its care for the staff and
              providing them with comfortable, home-like dormitory equipment. Furthermore, Founder Electronics added one
              more laundry room for the staff living in youth apartment in order to satisfy the demand for washing and drying of
              clothes, and reduce their waiting time. In addition, there were 8 old air conditioners being replaced for improving
              the quality of lives of staff. Founder Electronics ceaselessly enhanced the overall living standards of the dormitory,
              which has in turn enhanced staff morale and their sense of belonging to the company.

              Other benefits
              To show the Company’s care and attention to staff, Founder Electronics provides health check-ups for free.

              Staff activities
              Chinese New Year Festival and Blessings Sending Event 6.0 2024 by Electronics Family (二零二四年電子家迎
              春送福 6.0活動 )
              The Chinese New Year Festival and Blessings Sending Event was a traditional employee activity of Founder
              Electronics during the Chinese New Year, letting employees to experience the values of enterprise inheriting
              traditional culture and human care in the joyful atmosphere in traditional Chinese festival, and to enhance the
              emotional connection between employees and the Company. The event in 2024 featured the activities such as
              writing couplets (寫楹聯), sending blessings (送福字), filming the blessings videos (拍攝祝福視頻), and tasting
              New Year’s delicious foods (品嘗年味美食), letting employees of Founder Electronics to experience the strong
              flavor of Chinese New Year and to welcome the new year together in an atmosphere of writing blessings
              calligraphy couplets and sending of joyful blessings.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                     FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        43
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




44   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                      Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




       5.     Staff welfare (continued)
              Staff reward
              In the aspect of environmental governance, Founder Electronics sets incentive targets for staff’s performance
              according to two criteria. One is to reward the staff who carried out the replacement of plug-in board with a small
              commemorative prize. The second is the staff who actively put forward effective suggestions on environmental
              improvement to the department of administration, who will be rewarded with an exquisite gift if the suggestions
              were adopted.


III.   OPERATING PRACTICE
       1.     Supply chain guidance on environmental and social risks
              The Group puts great emphasis on quality of supply chain management and the possible impact on the
              environment and society in the supply process, such as how to save on the transportation process of the supply
              chain, so as to reduce the emissions of greenhouse gases and pollutants released from the transportation process.
              The Company has a sound supplier management system, procurement management system, and approval
              authority for supply chain business. The selection of suppliers is strictly carried out in accordance with relevant
              systems and approval authority. In addition, the selection of suppliers will be based on the supply mode, supply
              content, supply cycle, location of customer, special policy requirements of manufacturers or users, business terms
              and other comprehensive conditions. The Group provides the internal guidance on the supply chain:

              Environmental considerations
              Hardware products of suppliers
              The Group will give priority to the local suppliers depending on the situation, and deliver the product directly to the
              customer’s location, instead of arranging shipment through the Company’s warehouse, so as to save transportation
              cost and resources and reduce the emission of greenhouse gases and pollutants.

              Software products suppliers
              The Group will give priority to the suppliers that can provide virtual authorization with non-physical supply methods
              in order to reduce transportation.

              On site implementation and service suppliers
              Based on the actual project situation, the Group will prioritise customers’ location when considering supply made
              thereto.

              Production and processing suppliers
              In the early stage of cooperation, the Group will conduct a comprehensive assessment on its business qualification,
              and require it to have environmental qualification to prove that the production and processing does not constitute
              a negative impact on the environment, otherwise the Group will not cooperate with such suppliers.

              The links of supplier selection and procurement contract signing
              After receiving the demand of procurement, the procurement staff first selects the supplier according to the factors
              such as the limitation of supply area of the procurement product, the special requirements of user, and the
              location of service. For products with a long delivery period, the signing of sales contract, payment collection,
              environmental conditions of customer site will be confirmed to the relevant departments and approved according
              to the company’s approval authority.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                     FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED         45
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




           1.     Supply chain guidance on environmental and social risks (continued)
                  The links of product delivery or service implementation
                  Before the delivery of products, the procurement staff should clarify the specific requirements of the sales contract
                  before delivery, and the management staff of sales contract of the Operation Department should notify the
                  procurement staff with the status of signing of the contract, the customer’s payment for goods, the satisfaction of
                  delivery conditions, the availability to arrange direct delivery to the customer’s designated location, and other
                  information about the customer’s on-site receiving and unloading conditions. If the delivered products are easy to
                  be damaged and will cause pollution and damage to the environment, the procurement staff will notify the shipper
                  to reinforce the packaging before delivery.

                  For virtual authorization and other non-physical supply of goods, after the confirming the satisfaction of delivery
                  conditions, the procurement staff shall notify the supplier to provide authorization or account information by e-mail
                  and activate relevant services.

                  For the service requirements that need to be implemented on site, the payment terms of procurement are linked
                  with the quality of implementation in the contract, and a reasonable default ratio is agreed to constrain the
                  supplier. At the same time, the procurement staff are required to follow up the procurement progress on a regular
                  basis, and give early warning in case of special circumstances, so as to avoid the occurrence of situations that
                  affect the delivery and acceptance.

           2.     Supply chain management
                  The background for introduction of suppliers
                  In response to the changes in the business environment and needs for business development, the Company
                  exercises caution in introducing new suppliers while reviewing the existing structure of supply chain on a regular
                  basis. The introduction of new suppliers is due to the needs of new business development. First, there are no
                  existing suppliers in the original supplier system that can meet the needs of new business supply. Second is
                  regarding the original business. There are already suppliers in the original supplier system that can meet the supply
                  requirements, but in order to improve the capacity of the supply channel, suppliers with better quality, pricing or
                  business conditions can be introduced to form a more competitive supplier system.

                  Supplier Introduction Rules
                  The Group puts great emphasis on business quality, thereby adhering to the principles of fairness, justice and
                  openness in terms of selection of suppliers. Therefore, Founder Electronics has formulated the “Supplier Introduction
                  Rules (供應商引入規則)” to select appropriate suppliers in strict compliance with the rules and regulations. Any
                  supplier that have never traded with the Group are required to complete comprehensive assessment on business
                  qualification and the relevant approval procedures for introduction of supplier before a new transaction.

                  The supply chain department introduces qualified suppliers through the evaluations of the suppliers annually based
                  on factors such as price, service, and quality. We select the best option through performing the real-time price
                  comparison when placing purchase orders. Monitoring and optimising will be conducted according to specific
                  business situations during the execution process.




46   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                       Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




       2.     Supply chain management (continued)
              The procedures for introduction of suppliers
              The Group will arrange on-site visits to the manufacturers regularly in light of its attention to the testing and
              verification on product quality. In addition, a set of stringent standards for selection of suppliers with qualifications is
              in place and the specific requirements are as follows:

              •       Basic qualification requirement: Suppliers shall provide respective records of their qualifications, including
                      the certificate of Unified Social Credit Number, identity card of legal person, basic information and
                      financial statements of suppliers. If the supplier is a channel provider, it is also required to provide the
                      qualification document proving that it is duly authorised by the manufacturers;

              •       Focus of Review: Founder Electronics will perform due diligence on basic information of suppliers and
                      evaluate if their operating condition is excellent from the corporate financial statements to estimate its
                      performance ability;

              •       Requirements on commercial conditions: Founder Electronics will enter into supplier contracts/agreements
                      and non-corruption agreement with the suppliers who satisfy the qualification requirements. The agreements
                      will specify the terms upon mutual agreement, such as the payment condition, delivery date and after-sale
                      terms and will be subject to approval by the legal, operation, procurement and financial departments;

              •       Qualifications of environmental assessment: For suppliers engaging in processing, Founder Electronics
                      maintains strict qualification requirement on the environmental assessment of manufacturers, otherwise such
                      cooperation will not be considered;

              •       Special requirements: Founder Electronics exercises caution to a certain extent in introducing new
                      suppliers, in which the differences of commercial conditions between newly introduced and the existing
                      suppliers must be specified. For long-term corporate suppliers, Founder Electronics pays attention to where
                      the supplier is located, whether the supplier can supply high-quality products in a long-term and stable
                      manner, and whether it will continue to offer at relatively reasonable costs; while for project-specific based
                      corporate suppliers, we pay attention to the degree to which the project is satisfied, such as delivery date
                      and after-sales guarantee of the project, etc..

              Scope of application
              The relevant management system for introduction of new suppliers is applicable to all suppliers cooperating for the
              first time. In terms of the cooperative suppliers, the suppliers for the major business, which have transactions within
              the year, need to be evaluated. For the one-time cooperative suppliers of non-major business, option is available
              for arranging the evaluation frequency depends on the anticipation of future cooperation.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                         FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED          47
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




           2.     Supply chain management (continued)
                  Evaluation mechanism for existing cooperative suppliers
                  1.     Evaluation cycle
                         For the suppliers in cooperation, the comprehensive assessment is carried out quarterly and annually, with
                         the consideration of different assessment elements.

                  2.     Evaluators
                         According to the type of the supplier and the business direction of main business, each supplier will
                         be evaluated by the personnel in different sectors such as development, service, sales, products and
                         procurement, depending on the situation.

                  3.     Evaluation dimension
                         According to the different service contents of suppliers, the evaluation dimensions of suppliers include but
                         are not limited to the several of large aspects of quality, cost, service, date of delivery, financial position,
                         technical ability and system flow, etc.

                  Founder Electronics will conduct regular assessment on the existing suppliers. Comprehensive evaluation shall be
                  conducted on product qualification rate, frequency of quality accidents, price, payment terms, enthusiasm for cost
                  reduction, on-time delivery rate, delivery time optimization, service satisfaction, technical capabilities, and system
                  processes. If there are bad records in the annual cooperation, evaluation points will be deducted according to
                  different degrees. If the total score is less than 60 marks, the cooperation will be terminated.

                  Selecting criteria for suppliers that meet environmental protection products and services
                  1.      In relation to product solution, according to the requirements of national environmental protection policies
                          in the field, enterprises meeting environmental protection requirements shall be selected for strategic
                          cooperation, and relevant products meeting environmental protection requirements shall be used, or
                          equipped with environmental protection, so as to provide customers with high-quality products in the form
                          of comprehensive solutions.

                  2.     Product suppliers in special fields shall provide relevant certification recognized by the field such as
                         3C certification, quality management system certification, etc. before the first cooperation. If there is no
                         relevant certification, the approval for new supplier introduction will not be passed.

                  3.     For products delivered in short distance, on the premise of ensuring product quality and safety, unnecessary
                         packaging materials will be reduced so as to reduce procurement costs on the one hand and save
                         resources on the other hand. The relevant implementation and supervision of this part can be reflected
                         through the optimization of case’s procurement cost.

                  4.     For the strategic co-operative suppliers that supplying the liquated products, the quality and specification
                         of the products should be optimized, under the predominance status and market satisfaction of the
                         Group. By using the environmental materials which are difficult to damage and increasing the capacity of
                         specification packing material will be reduced in the mass. In addition, the decreased volume of delivery
                         can be achieved by further altering the ordering habit of customers, changing the order mode of high-
                         frequency-low-capacity to low-frequency-appropriate-amount.




48   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                        Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




       2.     Supply chain management (continued)
              Selecting criteria for suppliers that meet environmental protection products and services (continued)
              5.      Concerning the situation of damaged and hurt to environment during the transportation, the Group
                      will increase the strength of management towards the suppliers. The goods should be insured in light
                      of appropriate proportion before delivery. If the situation of the damage still exists, the procurement
                      department should inform the business department immediately in order to claim the equal or above-equal
                      compensation cooperatively towards the suppliers and alert the attention of suppliers. Furthermore, grade
                      deducting will be conducted in the suppliers’ annual evaluation by examining from the after-sale defection
                      record. If the circumstances are serious, the cooperation shall be terminated.

              6.     For production-oriented suppliers, field inspection shall be carried out before the introduction. The
                     requirements of the inspectors include not only the personnel of product technical direction, but also
                     personnel of procurement. The key points of the inspection shall include: production environment
                     management, production personnel management, production equipment management, production
                     efficiency management, etc., and meeting minutes shall be formed according to the investigation process
                     and results. After the supplier passes the inspection, it will be reflected when the supplier is officially
                     introduced.

              7.     For product services, if there is no need for on-site solution, remote solutions such as network and telephone
                     are preferred in order to void waste of human and material resources.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                    FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        49
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




           3.           Source of suppliers


                                                          SUPPLIERS BY PROVINCE/REGION IN CHINA
                    Gansu           1
                        Jilin       1
                  Ningxia           1
             Heilongjiang            2
                    Hunan            2
                    Shanxi            3
                    Tianjin           3
                    Henan                 5
               Shandong                   5
                  Shaanxi                 5
                     Hubei                 6
                   Yunnan                  6
          Inner Mongolia                       7
                     Hebei                     8
                 Liaoning                      8
                     Fujian                      9
                  Sichuan                        9
                   Jiangsu                           11
                 Zhejiang                                 17
             Guangdong                                         23
                Shanghai                                            35
                   Beijing                                                                                             141
                                0                                        50                                 100           150
                                                                                 Number of suppliers


                                                                    OVERSEAS SUPPLIERS BY COUNTRY

               Britain                                                       1
           Malaysia                                                          1
           Slovakia                                                          1
            Sweden                                                           1
                Japan                                                                                            2
              U.S.A.                                                                                             2
                         0                                               1                                   2                  3



                                                                                      Number of suppliers




50   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                        Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




       4.     Product responsibility
              Printing development promoted by innovation products
              Founder Electronics is always committed to research and development of innovative products, with a view to
              providing customers with leading information processing technology, products, solutions and value-added services
              with high efficiency and quality through enhancement in service quality of business and advanced technologies. In
              2020, the Company continued to deepen its strategic goal of realizing POD service (on-demand publishing) for
              PRC’s publishing industry, aiming at promoting the current situation of lagging behind in the process of intelligence
              and automation in the industry by pouring the resources. A comprehensive solution which is suitable for POD on-
              demand printing system has been constructed, specifically including:

              •      EagleJet P5600 digital inkjet production line (桀鷹P5600數位噴墨生產線): an industrial grading
                     piezoelectric nozzle on demand, the first-to-none paper circuit design, a brand new structure of inkjet
                     module, an open interface standards.

              •      Founder Yunshu Cloud Platform for Books and Periodicals Production (方正雲舒書刊製作雲平台): build
                     a digital management platform for book production process, and get through the publishing and printing
                     chain.

              •      New Generation of On-Demand Intelligent Production System (新一代按需智慧生產體系): using digital
                     printing, information and communication technology to realize the connection between people and things,
                     to help enterprises construct flexible, efficient and intelligent work paradigm.

              For the press, publishing and printing industries, the promotion of the progress of the industry with technique and
              technology has always been the company’s diligent pursuit, tireless exploration and development goals. In the
              future, Founder Electronics will build a Chinese version of the intelligent and digital on-demand printing factory,
              through the Internet cloud service platform to form an integrated information system as a whole with publishers and
              distributors.

              The Group is in strict compliance with the stringent requirements laid down by the national and local regulatory
              authorities on customer services and products. Founder Electronics, adhering to the principle of being customer-
              oriented, has developed a stringent system on controlling product quality in addition to the legal requirements,
              checking every process in respect of products and services to ensure steady and reliable quality of products, so as
              to provide the best customer service experience.

              The main business of the Group is research and development of software, and there is no major production activity
              related to hardware, the products thus are not polluted to the environment and do not involve in the environmental
              protection issues. During the reporting period, there were no products sold or delivered that need to be reclaimed
              for safety and health reasons and no complaints about products and services sold.

              Handling procedures for customer complaints
              The Group’s handling procedures for customer complaints has the following correspondent management process,
              which describe the acceptance of customer complaints, handling of complaints, supervision of the handling
              process, confirmation of complaint results and analysis of complaints, etc., so as to ensure the timely and efficient
              handling of complaints.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                    FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        51
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




           4.     Product responsibility (continued)
                  Handling procedures for customer complaints (continued)
                  Complaints’ acceptance and recording
                  The business support department has set up a complaint hotline, fax and mailbox, where a specially assigned
                  person (customer service specialist) handles complaints from customers about the company’s products, services,
                  sales and other aspects. The customer service specialist shall fill in the “complaint acceptance record form” in a
                  timely and detailed manner to record the information and handling process of complaints from the beginning of
                  accepting complaints from customers.

                  Handling of complaints
                  Handling of complaints by responsible department
                  The business support department shall determine the department responsible for handling the complaint and
                  submit the complaint to the relevant responsible person. The responsible department includes the relevant business
                  departments, regions and business departments involved in the leftover problems and complaints. The person in
                  charge of handling must complete the problem analysis, preliminarily decision plan and notify the customer and
                  business support department within 2 working days to ensure that the complaints are handled as soon as possible.
                  The person in charge of handling shall coordinate the relevant departments to implement the solutions and timely
                  inform the business support department of the service center concerning the development. If necessary, the business
                  support department can participate in coordinating and solving problems.

                  Tracking the process by Business support department
                  The business support department shall follow up and supervise the handling process, and the frequency of follow-
                  up shall be determined according to the solution provided by the person in charge of handling, and coordinate
                  with the customer if necessary.

                  The handling results for complaint
                  When the complaint is solved, the business support department will communicates with the customer to obtain
                  the customer’s approval. The complaint will be filed when the handling result is approved by the customer. The
                  business support department shall coordinate with the person in charge of handling if the handling result is not
                  accepted by customer. If no agreement is reached by the customer and the person in charge of handling, the
                  director of the business support department shall give handling opinions according to the investigation, and the
                  general manager of the service center shall give handling opinions in case of serious problems. If the customer
                  does not accept the final solution or adopt other solutions such as appeal, or arbitration, the business support
                  department can terminate the coordination and the follow-up of this complaint.

                  After-complaint
                  After handling each complaint, the business support department shall sort out the complaint record, summarize
                  and analyze the complaint, and form a report to the relevant management. The Group’s management process
                  for handling customer complaints complies with the requirements of ISO 9001 quality control system. During the
                  reporting year, the Group received 0 complaint.

                  Protection on intellectual property
                  The Group has developed an internal patent application process in which the patent review committee of
                  the technology management department assists in reviewing the writing and the submission of application for
                  technical patent documents, and employs an external patent agent to assist in patent application, so as to protect
                  the intellectual property of the Group. In addition, the Group will conduct annual assessment on patents every
                  year, abandon invalid patents, and carry out patent early warning locally and abroad from time to time to avoid
                  infringement and being infringed. The Group also applies for and protects intellectual property in accordance with
                  the Patent Law of the PRC, the Trademark Law of the PRC and the Copyright Law of the PRC.



52   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                     Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




       4.     Product responsibility (continued)
              Verification process for product quality
              The Group has developed “Test Regulations (測試規程)” internally, with a special team to verify the quality of
              software products. The verification process includes test planning, test implementation, test evaluation and program
              error handling post-product release, so as to ensure customers to receive high-quality products.

              Protection on customer data
              The relevant customer data is stored and maintained in the enterprise resource planning system (ERP). The Group
              sets the access authority of the corresponding operation module. Unauthorized personnel cannot access and use
              the customer data, and the aforesaid operation does not involve the export of customer so that the customers are
              protected.

       5.     Anti-corruption
              The Group firmly opposes corruption, favoritism and irregularities. To eliminate corruption and deceit and uphold
              the principle of impartiality and integrity, Founder Electronics has formulated a series of standards and regulations
              to eliminate such acts in every business. Staff is prohibited from accepting advantages from suppliers, customers,
              colleagues and others when performing duties. The Group is also committed to promoting the style of honesty and
              justice, and have relevant management rules in relation to business ethics, integrity construction and accountability
              and responsibility for violations (商業道德及廉潔建設管理、違規責任追究的相關制度) in which the requirements
              for business ethics and integrity self-disciplined, as well as related accountability and responsibility measures have
              been specified to prevent corruptions and illegal acts, and requiring staff to comply with the ethical standards and
              develop business adhering to the highest standard of integrity, so as to enhance the overall integrity of the Group.
              During the reporting period, there were no legal cases regarding corruption practices brought against the Group
              or its employees.

              Measures and trainings on Anti-corruption
              When employees of the Group are inducted, they are required to participate in new employee training, including
              the promotion of content of business ethics and incorruptibility self-disciplined. When cadres of the Company
              are promoted, the new managers need to participate in compliance training, focusing on the provisions and
              requirements on anti-corruption and bribery. The legal department will also carry out the corresponding training of
              business ethics and incorruptibility construction from time to time every year.

              In 2024, the Company has formulated and released relevant regulations on punishment and accountability for
              violations. In order to regulate employee behavior and promote all employees to abide by laws and regulations.

              In 2024, the anti-corruption training of the Company was attended by a total a 67 participants, including 0
              people from senior management and 67 people from general staff.

              Compliance training
              The Group mainly carried out the legal and compliance training in the new employee training session. In addition,
              the Group also regularly carried out the class or issued guidance documents for employees to learn by themselves.

              In 2024, the compliance training of Founder Electronics was mainly held in the induction training and all new
              employees were required to participate, with a total of 56 participants.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                     FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        53
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




           5.     Anti-corruption (continued)
                  Reporting mechanism
                  The Group encourages employees to report the possible corruption of the company. Employees and departments
                  of the Group both have the right and obligation to report the violations concerning such behaviours. If there is any
                  reporting materials, the company will investigate the corruption and give handling comments on the results of the
                  investigation.


     IV.   FOCUS AREAS OF CONTRIBUTIONS
           As a leading enterprise in the modern printing and media technology in China, Founder Electronics leveraged its
           advantages in text information processing technology and font design, continuously launching high-quality fonts, making
           contributions in the education and culture aspects.

           In the field of education, Founder continued to promote the Industry-academia cooperation (產學合作) to educate the next
           generation and collaborated with the universities to cultivate innovative talents. On 20 December 2024, the conference
           on topic of ”Systematic Transformation of Mainstream Media in the AGI Era” (AGI時代下的主流媒體系統性變革) jointly
           organized by the School of Journalism and Communication (新聞與傳播學院) of Minzu University of China (中央民族大學)
           and Peking University Founder Electronics Co., Ltd. was held at the Shangdi Founder Building. The conference conducted
           in-depth discussions on the topics of the technological development of generative artificial intelligence, media applications
           and teaching applications, and the systematic transformation of mainstream media in the AGI era. This seminar was
           also one of the industry-academia exchange activities of the intelligence Integrated Media Practice Innovation Teaching
           Platform project (智慧融媒實踐創新教學平台項目). This project is an industry-academia cooperation education project
           between Minzu University of China and Founder Electronics, jointly established by the Ministry of Education. Its aim is
           to build an Intelligence Integrated Media Practice cooperation platform between schools and enterprises, promoting
           the close integration of cutting-edge technology and theoretical teaching, exploring the teaching system of Intelligence
           Integrated Media Practice and work together to cultivate applied-oriented innovative talents that meet the needs of the
           times.




54   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                        Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




       In the cultural field, Founder actively promoted the integration of calligraphy with information technology and the
       application of Chinese font, innovatively promoting the inheritance and development of Chinese font culture. The
       “Exquisite Chinese Font Library Project” (中華精品字庫工程) as one of the projects supported by the ”Chinese Excellent
       Traditional Culture Inheritance and Development Project” (中華優秀傳統文化傳承發展工程), Founder was responsible
       for the development of the font library classic calligraphy masterpieces (經典書法名家名作字庫). It was jointly guided
       by the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles (中國文學藝術界聯合會) and the National Language and Font Work
       Committee (國家語言文字工作委員會), and the Chinese Calligraphers Association (中國書法家協會) was responsible
       for the selection and quality review of the developed fonts. In 2024, the key product of the “Exquisite Chinese Font Library
       Project”, Founder Semi-cursive Script Font of Wang Xizhi-style (方正王羲之行書), which was upgraded to a simplified and
       traditional version of Chinese font, contained more than 9,800 font, which could meet the application needs of the vast
       majority of scenarios. Through the innovative combination of calligraphy classics and computer font libraries, calligraphy
       would bloom with new charm in the information era and facilitate the promotion and dissemination of Chinese font
       culture. At the same time, the Japanese versions of four fonts from Exquisite Chinese Font Library Project, including Founder
       Regular Script Font of Yan Zhenqing-style (方正顏真卿楷書), Founder Regular Script Font of Liu Gongquan-style (方正柳公
       權楷書), Founder Semi-cursive Script Font of Su Shi-style (方正蘇軾行書), and Founder Stele Regular Script of Cuan Baozi-
       style (方正爨寶子碑楷書), had been launched for Japanese users. These fonts not only reflected the fusion of Chinese
       and Japanese design aesthetics in design, but also retained the traditional charm of Chinese font, achieving cross-cultural
       communication.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                     FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        55
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




           A large number of ancient books in our country were written in classical Chinese or vernacular Chinese, which not only
           required a large number of traditional fonts and variant fonts with different usage, but also a large number of inherited
           fonts. In order to solve the problem of confusion in printing the fonts of ancient books, Founder had specially developed
           the Founder Typewriting for the standard version of ancient book, which was based on the “General Font Table for
           Ancient Book Printing” (《古籍印刷通用字規範字形表》). In addition, according to the computer-based standard version
           of Song-style fonts (計算機宋體字字形規範) in the guiding document, Founder had also developed a supporting font for
           the typewriting, namely “Song-style Standardized Fonts of Founder Ancient Book” (方正古籍規範宋), to meet the needs of
           digitalization and printing of ancient books. The Song-style Standardized Fonts of Founder Ancient Book (方正古籍規範
           宋) was originated from the Founder First Song-style (方正宋一) (also known as Dictionary of Song-style (字典宋)), which
           was a formal text and fonts specifically designed and published for dictionary and lexicon. The specifications of such
           font shape were fully complied with the standard of “GB/Z40637-2021 General Font Table for Ancient Book Printing”
           (《GB/Z40637-2021古籍印刷通用字規範字形表》).




           Founder Electronics promoted the global dissemination, exchange, and development of Chinese culture, especially
           Chinese font culture, through innovative design of Chinese fonts. On 22 November 2024, Founder Electronics held its
           first overseas brand launching event, namely – “Dialogue on Hanzi FounderType 2024 Tokyo Launch Conference” (漢
           字對話•方正字庫2024東京發佈會) at the Chuo ku Social Education Hall in Tokyo (東京中央區立社會教育會館).
           This press conference focused on the design, application, and future development trends of Chinese font in China and
           Japan, using ”Chinese fonts” as a communication carrier. The aim was to share the achievements of Founder Electronics
           in innovation research and font design of Chinese font with Japanese and global users through thematic sharing and
           dialogue, showcasing the different understandings and practices of Chinese font application in the Chinese and Japanese




56   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                    Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




       design industry, and building a communication platform for cooperation and communication between China and Japan in
       the field of Chinese font and font design. At the same time, by showcasing the collaborative practices and excellent cases
       of Chinese font design between Founder Electronics and Japanese font manufacturers such as Fontworks, Visual Design
       Laboratory (VDL) (視覺設計研究所) and Kinkido (欣喜堂), a solid foundation was laid for future win-win cooperation.
       The successful holding of this press conference marked an important step forward for Founder Electronics in promoting the
       international dissemination of Chinese font culture and deepening the cooperation in the design industry between China
       and Japan. This event comprehensively presented the achievements of Founder in Chinese font innovation research and
       font design through professional sharing by several Chinese and Japanese guests, including Zhang Yichen (張依晨) who
       is the director of FounderType Customization Service, Taitian Changhong (太田昌宏) who is the director of marketing of
       Fontworks, YUI TAKADA (高田唯) who is the renowned graphic designer, Pan Yanrong (潘焰榮) who is the founder and
       creative director of T-Change Design (推塵設計), and Du Xiao (杜瀟) who is partner and artistic director of Beijing branch
       of wx-design. It showcased the deep cooperation relationship between Founder and Fontworks, as well as the different
       understandings and practices of Chinese font application by Chinese and Japanese graphic designers, promoting cultural
       exchanges and deep cooperation in the fields of Chinese font and font design between China and Japan.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                  FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        57
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     V.    AN OVERVIEW OF SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
           Pursuant to the Appendix C2 of Listing Rules, the Company has complied with the relevant laws and regulations of
           Environmental, Social and Governance Indicator as follows:

           Environmental, Social and
           Governance Aspect                 Compliance with National Laws and Regulations Internal Policies


           A Environmental                   Law of the PRC on the Prevention and Control of   –
                                               Environmental Pollution by Solid Wastes
                                             Law of the PRC on the Environmental Protection

           B1 Employment                     Labour Law of the PRC                             Management
                                             Labour Contract Law of the PRC                     Rules for Attendance
                                             Social Insurance Law of the PRC                    and Holiday
                                             Prohibition of Child Labour Provisions
                                             Regulation on Management of Housing
                                               Provident Fund

           B2 Health and Safety              Labour Law of the PRC                             The safety management rules
                                             Work Safety Law of the PRC                          of Beijing Founder
                                             Regulation on Work-Related Injury Insurances        Electronics Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               The comprehensive emergency
                                                                                                 plan for safety accidents of
                                                                                                 Beijing Founder
                                                                                                 Electronics Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               The assessment rules for
                                                                                                 safety production of Beijing
                                                                                                 Founder Electronics Co., Ltd.

           B4 Labour Standard                Labour Law of the PRC                             Management
                                             Labour Contract Law of the PRC                     Rules for Attendance
                                             Law on the Protection of Minors of the PRC         and Holiday
                                             Prohibition of Child Labour Provisions

           B5 Supply Chain Management        –                                                 Supplier Introduction
                                                                                                 Rules

           B6 Product Responsibility         Patent Law of the PRC                             Testing Regulation
                                             Copyright Law of the PRC
                                             Trademark Law of the PRC

           B7 Anti-corruption                Criminal Law of the PRC                           Management rules for
                                             Company Law of the PRC                             business ethics and integrity
                                             Anti-Money Laundering Law of the PRC               construction
                                             Law of the PRC on Anti-Unfair Competition




58   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                               Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




CONCLUSION AND PROSPECT
Founder Electronics will continuously invest the resources on research and development and actively promote the integration
among technology, education and culture. During the development process of Font Library in computer and the artificial
intelligence products on calligraphy education, Founder Electronics has invested professional human resources including font
designers and engineers of research and development, and has continued to cultivate and train relevant professionals. At the
same time, in the process of promoting the inheritance and development of Chinese character culture, Founder Electronics is
actively mobilizing communication resources, giving full play to the advantages of media communication, and helping to enhance
the attention and influence of Chinese character culture in the public.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED       59
     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Mr. Zhang Jian Guo, aged 55, is an executive director of the Company since June 2022. He is appointed as the president of
     the Company and chairman of the Board in December 2024 and January 2025 respectively. He is a director, president and
     authorised representative of Beijing Founder Electronics Co., Ltd. (北京北大方正電子有限公司) (“Founder Electronics”), a wholly-
     owned subsidiary of the Company. Mr. Zhang received his bachelor degree in information mathematics from Peking University
     and his master degree in Business Administration at Guanghua School of Management of Peking University. Mr. Zhang is a
     director of the Chinese Information Society of China (中國中文信息學會理事), the head of the Professional Committee of Chinese
     Character Font Information (漢字字形信息專業委員會主任委員), a deputy head of the Chinese Character Font Design and
     Research Centre (中國文字字體設計與研究中心副主任), a member of the National Language and Character Standardization
     Technical Committee (全國語言文字標準化技術委員會委員). Mr. Zhang has extensive business and management experience in
     the key business areas of Founder Electronics.

     Mr. Wang Jin Chao, aged 50, is an executive director of the Company since July 2023. He holds the position of head of
     the Planning and Operation Department of New Founder Holdings Development Company Limited* (“New Founder”) (新方正
     控股發展有限責任公司, the indirect substantial shareholder of the Company). He had served in multiple positions at Ping An
     Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. (中國平安保險(集團)股份有限公司) (stock code: 2318), a company listed on the
     main board (the “Main Board”) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) (the substantial shareholder
     of the Company) and its subsidiaries and had also worked at an international firm of Certified Public Accountants. He is also the
     director of several subsidiaries of the Company. He is a director of China Hi-Tech Group Co., Ltd. (“China Hi-Tech”) (中國高科
     集團股份有限公司) (stock code: 600730), a company in which 20.03% of equity interest is indirectly held by New Founder
     since June 2023. Mr. Wang received his Master’s degree in Business Administration from Tsinghua University. He holds the
     professional qualifications of Chinese Certified Public Accountant, Chartered Financial Analyst and Financial Risk Manager.
     He has solid professional skills and rich management experience in the aspects of corporate financial management, strategic
     management, and planning and operation.

     Mr. Guo Song, aged 45, is an executive director of the Company since January 2025. He is the vice president of Founder
     Electronics. He is a director of several subsidiaries of the Company. Since 2013, he has held various positions in Ping An
     Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. and its subsidiaries. Mr. Guo obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering from Jilin
     University in 2002 and a Master’s degree from York University in 2010. He is a mid-level economist in China and has obtained
     qualifications in various fields such as securities and funds. He has a solid professional foundation and rich management
     experience in corporate investment management and financial management.

     Mr. Xu Chengjie, aged 41, is an executive director of the Company since January 2025. He serves as the Assistant to the
     chairman of Founder Information Industry Co., Ltd.* (方正信息產業有限責任公司), the substantial shareholder of the Company.
     He is a director of a subsidiary of the Company. He has held various positions in Ping An Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. and its
     subsidiaries, and has worked in multiple international accounting firms, consulting firms, and investment management companies.
     Mr. Xu obtained a Bachelor’s degree from Carleton University in Canada. He has a solid professional foundation and rich
     management experience in corporate investment management, strategic management, and financial management.

     Mr. Li Shuo Feng, aged 39, is an executive director of the Company since April 2024. He is a senior director of department
     of For
     *  capital   operations
            identification      of only
                           purpose New Founder. Mr. Li received a bachelor’s degree of accountancy from Renmin University of China
     in 2009 and received a master’s degree of business administration from The Chinese University of Hong Kong in 2023
     respectively. He has been a Chinese Certified Public Accountant in an international firm of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Li
     has extensive business experience and managerial experience in the aspect of finance and treasury management.




60   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                      Annual Report 2024
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Ms. Wu Jing, aged 43, is an executive director of the Company since October 2022. She is the employee of New Founder.
Ms. Wu received her bachelor’s degree in civil and commercial law from East China University of Political Science and Law in
2004, she received a master’s degree in international commercial law from Vrije University Amsterdam in 2005 and a master’s
degree in international law and European Union Law from University of Amsterdam in 2007. Ms. Wu has extensive business
experience and managerial experience in the field of law, especially international law.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Chan Chung Kik, Lewis, aged 52, is an independent non-executive director of the Company since March 2017. He is the
chief financial officer and company secretary of T.S. Lines Limited (stock code: 2510), a company listed on the Main Board of
the Stock Exchange. He serves as the independent non-executive director of Wing Chi Holdings Limited (stock code: 6080),
a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, since September 2017. He also served as an independent non-
executive director of HG Semiconductor Limited (formerly known as Hongguang Lighting Holdings Company Limited, a company
which was previously listed on the GEM (stock code: 8343) in December 2016 and was subsequently transferred to the Main
Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 6908) in November 2019) from December 2016 to June 2023. Mr. Chan obtained
a bachelor degree of commerce in accounting from the University of Canberra in Australia in September 1997. He is currently a
fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and a member of CPA Australia. He has extensive
experience in auditing, accounting and corporate finance.

Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund, aged 41, is an independent non-executive director of the Company since April 2020. He is the
company secretary of Luxxu Group Limited (stock code: 1327), a company listed on Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Mr. Lai
received a Bachelor of Arts (Honours) in Accountancy from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University and is a member of HKICPA.
He has accumulated extensive experience in auditing and accounting by working in various international firms of Certified Public
Accountants, listed and multinational companies in Hong Kong such as Grant Thornton Hong Kong, BDO Hong Kong and SDM
Group Holdings Limited (stock code: 8363), a company listed on the GEM.

Mr. Chak Chi Shing, aged 44, is an independent non-executive director of the Company since June 2023. He holds a
Bachelor’s degree in commerce in Accounting and Finance from Curtin University of Technology. He is a certified public
accountant of HKICPA and Certified Public Accountant Australia. Mr. Chak has more than 15 years of experience in auditing,
accounting, corporate finance and financial management and years of experience in company secretarial matter and corporate
governance in listed companies. Mr. Chak is the chief financial officer and company secretary of Tokyo Chuo Auction Holdings
Limited (stock code: 1939), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. He has been an independent non-
executive director of (i) SDM Group Holdings Limited (stock code: 8363), a company listed on the GEM from May 2019 to
November 2024; (ii) China Energy Storage Technology Development Limited (Formerly known as Link-Asia International MedTech
Group Limited) (stock code: 1143), a company listed on the Main Board of Stock Exchange from June 2021 to September
2023; (iii) Sunyes Electronics Manufacturing (Guangdong) Co., Ltd* (stock code: 002388), a company listed on the Shenzhen
Stock Exchange since February 2023; and (iv) Net Pacific Financial Holdings Limited (stock code: 5QY), a company listed on
the Singapore Exchange since November 2023.




*   For identification purpose only



Annual Report 2024                                                                                  FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED       61
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



     The directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024.


     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. Details of the principal activities of the principal subsidiaries are set
     out in note 1 to the financial statements. There were no significant changes in the nature of the principal activities of the Company
     and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) during the year.


     RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
     The Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2024 and the Group’s financial position at that date are set out in the
     financial statements on pages 75 to 157.

     The directors do not recommend the payment of any dividend in respect of the year.


     BUSINESS REVIEW
     A review of the business of the Group during the year and a discussion on the Group’s future business development, possible
     risks and uncertainties that the Group may be facing are set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” on
     pages 4 to 14 of the annual report.

     The financial risk management objectives and policies of the Group are set out in note 36 to the financial statements.

     An analysis of the Group’s performance during the year using financial key performance indicators is set out in the sections
     headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 4 to 14 and “Financial Highlights” on page 3 of the annual report.

     Discussion on the Group’s environment policies, relationships with its employees, customers, suppliers and other key stakeholders
     and compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group are set out in the section
     headed “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” on pages 26 to 59 of the annual report.


     SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the last five financial years, as
     extracted from the audited financial statements, is set out on page 160. This summary does not form part of the audited financial
     statements.


     SHARE CAPITAL
     There were no movements in the Company’s share capital during the year.


     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws or the laws of Bermuda which would oblige the
     Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders.


     PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY
     Neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company’s listed securities during the
     year.




62   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                               Annual Report 2024
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




MANAGEMENT CONTRACT
No contracts in respect of the management or administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Group
were entered into or subsisted during the year.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
At 31 December 2024, the Company’s reserves available for distribution amounted to approximately HK$162,856,000. In
addition, the Company’s share premium account, in the amount of approximately HK$53,597,000, may be distributed in the
form of fully paid bonus shares.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
In the year under review, sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for less than 30% of the total sales for the year.
Purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for 40% of the total purchase for the year and purchase from the
largest supplier included therein amounted to 12%.

None of the directors of the Company or any of their associates or any shareholders of the Company (which, to the best
knowledge of the directors, own more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) had any beneficial interests in the Group’s
five largest suppliers and customers.


DIRECTORS
The directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report were:

Executive directors:
Mr. Zhang Jian Guo (Chairman and President, appointed as chairman on 9 January 2025 and appointed as president on
 17 December 2024)
Mr. Wang Jin Chao
Mr. Guo Song (appointed on 9 January 2025)
Mr. Xu Chengjie (appointed on 9 January 2025)
Mr. Li Shuo Feng (appointed on 10 April 2024)
Ms. Wu Jing
Mr. Qi Zi Xin (The former chairman, resigned as chairman and executive director on 9 January 2025)
Mr. Shao Xing (The former president, resigned as president on 17 December 2024 and resigned as executive director on
 9 January 2025)
Mr. Hu Bin (resigned on 10 April 2024)

Independent non-executive directors:
Mr. Chan Chung Kik, Lewis
Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund
Mr. Chak Chi Shing

The Company has received annual confirmations of independence from each of its independent non-executive directors, and as
at the date of this report still considers them to be independent.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        63
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




     DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S BIOGRAPHIES
     Biographical details of the directors of the Company and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages 60 to 61 of
     the annual report.


     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     No director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service agreement with the Company which is
     not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.


     DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS
     The emoluments of the directors of the Company are determined by reference to the market rates, commitments, contribution and
     their duties, responsibilities within the Group.


     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
     A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the directors is currently in force and was in force throughout the financial year.
     The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate insurance cover in respect of potential legal actions against its directors
     and officers.


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
     No director nor a connected entity of a director had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions,
     arrangements or contracts of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, or any of the Company’s
     subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party during the year.


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES
     AND DEBENTURES
     At 31 December 2024, the interests and short positions of the directors in the share capital, underlying shares and debentures of
     the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)),
     as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to
     the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to the Model Code for Securities
     Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”), were as follows:

     Long positions in ordinary shares of the Company:

                                                                                                                            Percentage of
                                                                                         Number of ordinary               the Company’s
     Name of director                       Capacity and nature of interest                     shares held          issued share capital


     Mr. Shao Xing                          Directly beneficially owned                          12,685,556                          1.05
     Mr. Zhang Jian Guo                     Directly beneficially owned                           1,160,000                          0.09


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, none of the directors had registered an interest or short position in the
     shares or underlying shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations that was required to be recorded pursuant to
     section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




64   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                          Annual Report 2024
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




DIRECTORS INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
During the year ended 31 December 2024, none of the directors of the Company had any interest in a business (other than
those businesses where the Directors of the Company were appointed as directors to represent the interests of the Company
and/or any member of the Group) which is considered to compete or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the
businesses of the Group.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
At 31 December 2024, so far it is known to the directors of the Company, the following interests of 5% or more of the issued
share capital of the Company were recorded in the register of interests required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section
336 of the SFO:

Long positions:

                                                                                                                 Percentage of
                                                                                             Number of         the Company’s
                                                     Capacity and                             ordinary            issued share
Name                                         Notes   nature of interest                     shares held                 capital


中國平安保險（集團）股份有限公司                               1     Through a controlled                367,179,610                    30.60
(Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of                corporation
   China, Ltd.*) (“Ping An”)

中國平安人壽保險股份有限公司                                 2     Through a controlled                367,179,610                    30.60
(Ping An Life Insurance Company of                   corporation
   China, Ltd.*) (“Ping An Life”)

新方正（北京）企業管理發展有限公司                              3     Through a controlled                367,179,610                    30.60
(New Founder (Beijing) Enterprise                    corporation
  Management Development Co., Ltd.*)
  (“New Founder (Beijing)”)

新方正控股發展有限責任公司                                  4     Through a controlled                367,179,610                    30.60
(New Founder Holdings Development                    corporation
  Co., Ltd.*) (“New Founder”)

方正信息產業有限責任公司                                         Directly beneficially owned         367,179,610                    30.60
(Founder Information Industry Co., Ltd.*)
   (“Founder Information”)

北京漢儀創新科技股份有限公司                                 5     Through a controlled                134,350,000                    11.20
(Beijing Hanyi Innovation Technology                 corporation
  Co., Ltd.*) (“Beijing Hanyi”)



*   For identification purpose only


Annual Report 2024                                                                                 FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED       65
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




                                                                                                                                              Percentage of
                                                                                                                      Number of             the Company’s
                                                                      Capacity and                                     ordinary                issued share
     Name                                                  Notes      nature of interest                             shares held                     capital


     Hanyi International (Hong Kong) Limited                          Directly beneficially owned                134,350,000                         11.20
       (“Hanyi International”)

     Growth XIII Investment Company Limited                   6       Directly beneficially owned                  56,230,000                         4.69

     Ms. Liu Xiaodong                                         6       Directly beneficially owned                    3,859,380                        0.32


     Notes:

     1.       Ping An was deemed to be interested in the 367,179,610 shares under the SFO by virtue of its interest in Ping An Life.

     2.       Ping An Life was deemed to be interested in the 367,179,610 shares under the SFO by virtue of its interest in New Founder (Beijing).

     3.       New Founder (Beijing) was deemed to be interested in the 367,179,610 shares under the SFO by virtue of its interest in New Founder.

     4.       New Founder was deemed to be interested in the 367,179,610 shares under the SFO by virtue of its interest in Founder Information.

     5.       Beijing Hanyi was deemed to be interested in the 134,350,000 shares under the SFO by virtue of its interest in Hanyi International.

     6.       Pursuant to an acting in concert agreement dated 21 August 2024, Growth XIII Investment Company Limited and Liu Xiaodong are deemed to be
              interested in the 60,089,380 shares under the SFO, representing approximately 5.01% of the total issued share capital of the Company as at 31
              December 2024.


     Save as disclosed above, so far it is known to the directors of the Company, as at 31 December 2024, no person had
     registered an interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company that was required to be recorded
     pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.




66   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
During the year, the Company and the Group had the following continuing connected transactions, certain details of which are
disclosed in compliance with the requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

(a)        On 29 December 2023, 北京北大方正電子有限公司 (Beijing Founder Electronics Co., Ltd.) ("Founder Electronics") and
           北京方正印捷數碼技術有限公司 (Beijing Founder EasiPrint Digital Technology Co., Ltd.*) ("Founder EasiPrint") renewed
           the lease agreements and management agreements with New Founder and 北京北大資源物業經營管理集團有限公司
           (Beijing Peking University Resource Property Management Group Co., Ltd.*) ("Beida Management"), an associate of New
           Founder as at the date of the agreements, to lease the premises in Beijing and accept property management services from
           1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024, for the total amount of rental of RMB12,348,000 and management fees of
           RMB4,267,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$13,544,000 and HK$4,680,000), respectively. Further details of the
           transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated 29 December 2023.

           On 17 May 2024, each of Founder Electronics and Founder EasiPrint entered into a change of management entity
           agreements with 上海德麟物業管理有限公司 (Shanghai Delin Property Management Co., Ltd.*) (“Shanghai Delin”), a
           subsidiary of New Founder as at the date of the agreements. Pursuant to the change of management entity agreements,
           Shanghai Delin will take up the rights and obligations of Beida Management under 2024 management agreements
           from 1 June 2024 to 31 December 2024 for the total amount of RMB2,489,000 (equivalent to approximately
           HK$2,730,000). Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated 17 May
           2024.

           On 25 June 2024, each of Founder Electronics and Founder EasiPrint entered into a change of leasing entity agreements
           with 北京新方正博雅不動產管理有限公司 (Beijing New Founder Boya Real Estate Management Co., Ltd.*)(“New
           Founder Boya”), an associate of New Founder as at the date of the agreements. Pursuant to the change of leasing entity
           agreements, New Founder Boya will take up the rights and obligations of New Founder under 2024 lease agreements
           from 1 July 2024 to 31 December 2024 for the total amount of RMB6,174,000 (equivalent to approximately
           HK$6,772,000). Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated 25 June
           2024.

           During the year, the rental expenses of Founder Electronics and Founder EasiPrint payable to New Founder and New
           Founder Boya were approximately HK$6,772,000 and HK$6,772,000, respectively (2023: payable to New Founder
           approximately HK$7,491,000). The management fees of Founder Electronics and Founder EasiPrint payable to Beida
           Management and Shanghai Delin were approximately HK$1,950,000 and HK$2,730,000, respectively (2023:
           payable to Beida Management approximately HK$5,069,000). The directors consider that the rental and management
           fees were accrued in accordance with the terms of the lease agreements and management agreements.

           On 30 December 2024, Founder Electronics and Founder EasiPrint renewed the lease agreements and management
           agreements with New Founder Boya and Shanghai Delin to lease the premises in Beijing and accept property
           management services from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025, for the total amount of rental of RMB12,348,000
           and management fees of RMB4,267,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$13,469,000 and HK$4,654,000),
           respectively. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated 30 December
           2024.




*     For identification purpose only


Annual Report 2024                                                                                    FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED       67
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




     (b)   On 28 December 2022, the Company and New Founder entered into a master purchase agreement for the three years
           from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024 with annual caps for each year. Further details of the transaction were set
           out in the announcement of the Company dated 28 December 2022.

           During the year, products and services of approximately HK$736,000 were purchased from New Founder and its
           subsidiaries (“New Founder Group”) (2023: HK$811,000). The directors consider that the purchases of products and
           services were made in accordance with the master purchase agreement.

     (c)   On 28 December 2022, the Company and New Founder entered into a master sales agreement for the sales of
           software, hardware and system integration to New Founder Group for the three years from 1 January 2022 to 31
           December 2024 with annual caps for each year. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of
           the Company dated 28 December 2022.

           During the year, sales of software, hardware and system integration of approximately HK$3,341,000 were made to
           New Founder Group (2023: HK$323,000). The directors consider that the sales of software, hardware and system
           integration were made in accordance with the master sales agreement.

     (d)   Ping An indirectly held 66.51% equity interest in New Founder and therefore is a substantial shareholder and a connected
           person of the Company under the Listing Rules. Ping An and its subsidiaries (not within the New Founder Group) (“Ping
           An Group”) from time to time purchase font library products and enter into individual font library licensing agreements on
           substantially the same terms (other than the font library products and licensing periods) with the Company.

           On 28 December 2022, the Company proposed the annual caps for the transaction completed under the font library
           licensing agreements with Ping An Group for the three years from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024. Further details
           of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated 28 December 2022.

           During the year, sales of approximately HK$2,847,000 (2023: HK$1,825,000) were made to Ping An Group.




68   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                     Annual Report 2024
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




The independent non-executive directors of the Company have reviewed the continuing connected transactions as set out above
and have confirmed that these continuing connected transactions were entered into (i) in the ordinary and usual course of business
of the Group; (ii) on normal commercial terms or, if there are not sufficient comparable transactions to judge whether they are on
normal commercial terms, on terms no less favourable to the Group than terms available to or from (as appropriate) independent
third parties; and (iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in
the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

Ernst & Young, the Company’s auditors, were engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance
with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews
of Historical Financial Information and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected
Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Ernst & Young
have issued their unmodified letter containing their findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions
disclosed above by the Group in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the directors, at least 25% of the
Company’s total number of issued shares were held by the public as at the date of this report.


AUDITORS
Ernst & Young will retire and a resolution for their reappointment as auditors of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming
annual general meeting. The Company has not changed its auditor in the preceding three years.

ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD




Zhang Jian Guo
Chairman

Hong Kong
27 March 2025




Annual Report 2024                                                                                   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        69
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



                                                                    Ernst & Young            安永會計師事務所                Tel 電話: +852 2846 9888
                                                                    27/F, One Taikoo Place   香港鰂魚涌英皇道979號            Fax 傳真: +852 2868 4432
                                                                    979 King’s Road          太古坊一座27樓                ey.com
                                                                    Quarry Bay, Hong Kong




     To the shareholders of Founder Holdings Limited
     (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


     OPINION
     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Founder Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the
     “Group”) set out on pages 75 to 157, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December
     2024, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated
     statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
     consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
     as at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
     in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”)
     and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     BASIS FOR OPINION
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA. Our
     responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
     financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for
     Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We
     believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
     financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
     statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each
     matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

     We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
     section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures
     designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of
     our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion
     on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.




70   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                             Annual Report 2024
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

Key audit matter                                                   How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Valuation of land and buildings and investment properties
The Group measured its land and buildings and investment           Our audit procedures included the evaluation of the quality,
properties at fair value as at 31 December 2024 and the            objectivity, independence and expertise of the external
carrying amounts of these properties were HK$174,687,000           property valuation appraisers, and the selected property-
and HK$142,608,000, respectively, which in aggregate               related information (such as, location, age, area and rental
represented 22% of the Group’s total assets. The fair value        income) used in the valuation. In addition, we assessed the
measurement of these properties is subjective and requires         underlying assumptions through comparison with available
management to make significant estimates. To assist with their     external data. We also involved our internal valuation
determination of the fair value, management engaged external       specialists to assist us in assessing the valuation model and the
property valuation appraisers to perform the valuations. The       parameters used.
valuations are based on various assumptions, such as estimated
rental revenue, adopted yield, market knowledge and historical     We also focused on the adequacy of the disclosures of the
transactions.                                                      valuation of the land and buildings and investment properties
                                                                   in the financial statements.
Relevant disclosures are included in note 2.4 Material
accounting policies, note 3 Significant accounting judgements
and estimates, note 12 Property, plant and equipment and
note 13 Investment properties to the consolidated financial
statements.

Impairment of trade receivables
As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of                     Our audit procedures included obtaining an understanding
trade receivables before provision for impairment was              of the design, implementation and operating effectiveness
HK$184,202,000, which was included in the balance of trade         of key internal controls which govern the credit control, debt
and bills receivables. The Group recognised an impairment          collection and estimate of ECLs.
provision based on the expected credit loss (“ECL”) approach
under HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments. The measurement of ECLs       We assessed the reasonableness of ECLs determined by
requires the application of significant judgement and estimates,   management by examining the information used to form such
such as the expected future cash flows and forward-looking         judgement and estimates, including the historical default
factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment. As   information, and the historical loss rates as adjusted for current
at 31 December 2024, the impairment provision recorded for         economic conditions and forward-looking information.
trade receivables was HK$44,724,000.
                                                                   We evaluated the reasonableness of the provision for
Relevant disclosures are included in note 2.4 Material             impairment of trade receivables by reference to the Group’s
accounting policies, note 3 Significant accounting judgements      subsequent collection.
and estimates and note 18 Trade and bills receivables to the
consolidated financial statements.                                 We also reviewed the adequacy of the disclosures of
                                                                   impairment of trade receivables in the financial statements.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                     FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED         71
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included
     in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
     assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
     in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
     knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
     conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
     report in this regard.


     RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
     view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
     Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
     consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
     to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis
     of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic
     alternative but to do so.

     The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s
     financial reporting process.




72   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                        Annual Report 2024
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our report is made
solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
      design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
      to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
      one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
      internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
      the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
      evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
      the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to
      draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures
      are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
      auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
      and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
      achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the
      entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
      are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We
      remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                        FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED         73
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS (continued)
     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
     significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
     independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
     independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit
     of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in
     our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
     we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
     reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Wong Man Kit.




     Ernst & Young
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong

     27 March 2025




74   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                         Annual Report 2024
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




                                                                  2024              2023
                                                     Notes     HK$’000            HK$’000


REVENUE                                               5         924,854           982,029

Cost of sales                                                  (470,519)          (497,159)


Gross profit                                                    454,335           484,870

Other income and gains                                5           56,619             55,534
Selling and distribution expenses                              (208,904)          (209,896)
Administrative expenses                                          (64,258)           (75,525)
Other expenses, net                                            (191,575)          (196,512)
Finance costs                                         7             (115)              (163)
Share of profits/(losses) of associates               15             170               (261)


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                     6          46,272            58,047

Income tax credit                                     10          1,584              1,709


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                              47,856            59,756


Attributable to:
   Owners of the parent                                          47,856            59,756


EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
  HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
  Basic and diluted                                   11     HK4.0 cents        HK5.0 cents




Annual Report 2024                                                 FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED    75
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




                                                                                             2024              2023
                                                                                  Notes   HK$’000            HK$’000


     PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                                   47,856             59,756


     OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

     Other comprehensive loss that may be reclassified to profit or loss in
       subsequent periods:
       Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income of associates                    15        (216)                 32
       Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                          (18,711)            (11,070)


     Net other comprehensive loss that may be reclassified to profit or loss in
      subsequent periods                                                                  (18,927)            (11,038)


     Other comprehensive (loss)/income that will not be reclassified to
       profit or loss in subsequent periods:
       Changes in fair value of equity investments at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                                                16          64                  37
       Revaluation (deficit)/surplus of land and buildings, net of tax                     (9,159)              1,265


     Net other comprehensive (loss)/income that will not be reclassified to
      profit or loss in subsequent periods                                                 (9,095)              1,302


     OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                                    (28,022)             (9,736)


     TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                               19,834             50,020


     Attributable to:
        Owners of the parent                                                               19,834             50,020




76   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                        Annual Report 2024
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
31 DECEMBER 2024




                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                      Notes    HK$’000           HK$’000


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                          12      181,995           241,898
Investment properties                                                  13      142,608           128,680
Right-of-use assets                                                   14(a)      1,662             3,670
Investments in associates                                              15        2,191             2,237
Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income    16          484               420
Pledged deposits                                                       22          722             1,742


Total non-current assets                                                       329,662           378,647


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                            17       73,942            89,911
Trade and bills receivables                                            18      154,221           181,898
Contract assets                                                        19       17,401            15,703
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                        20       57,339            47,178
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  21        1,237               946
Pledged deposits                                                       22        5,254             3,113
Cash and cash equivalents                                              22      805,428           749,021


Total current assets                                                          1,114,822        1,087,770


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                                               23       58,353            63,402
Contract liabilities                                                   24       48,245            47,965
Other payables and accruals                                            25      175,812           206,725
Lease liabilities                                                     14(b)      1,110             2,152
Tax payable                                                                        310               302


Total current liabilities                                                      283,830           320,546


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                             830,992           767,224


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                         1,160,654        1,145,871


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities                                                     14(b)        540             1,273
Deferred tax liabilities                                               26       40,192            44,510


Total non-current liabilities                                                   40,732            45,783


Net assets                                                                    1,119,922        1,100,088




Annual Report 2024                                                                FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED   77
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

     31 DECEMBER 2024




                                                                   2024              2023
                                                    Notes       HK$’000            HK$’000


     EQUITY
     Equity attributable to owners of the parent
     Issued capital                                  27         119,975            119,975
     Reserves                                        29         999,947            980,113


     Total equity                                              1,119,922         1,100,088




                            Zhang Jian Guo                  Guo Song
                               Director                      Director


78   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                              Annual Report 2024
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




                                                                                            Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                                                                Equity
                                                                                                          investments
                                                                                                         at fair value
                                                                                                       through other
                                                                Share                    Land and     comprehensive
                                                             premium    Contributed       buildings           income          Exchange       General
                                                   Issued     account        surplus   revaluation        revaluation         fluctuation     reserve   Accumulated         Total
                                                  capital   (note 29)     (note 29)         reserve           reserve             reserve   (note 29)        losses       equity
                                                HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000             HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000


At 1 January 2023                               119,975      53,597      867,910        203,354             (13,537)           (33,190)      85,060       (233,101)    1,050,068
Profit for the year                                   –           –            –              –                   –                  –            –         59,756        59,756
Other comprehensive income for the year:
  Revaluation surplus of land and buildings,
      net of tax                                       –           –              –        1,265                   –                   –           –             –        1,265
  Changes in fair value of equity investments          –           –              –            –                  37                   –           –             –           37
  Share of other comprehensive income of
      associates                                       –           –              –              –                  –                32            –             –            32
  Exchange differences on translation of
      foreign operations                               –           –              –              –                  –          (11,070)            –             –       (11,070)


Total comprehensive income/(loss)
  for the year                                         –           –              –        1,265                  37           (11,038)            –       59,756        50,020
Transfer of revaluation reserve of land and
  buildings to accumulated losses                      –           –              –       (5,923)                   –                  –          –          5,923             –
Transfer to general reserve                            –           –              –            –                    –                  –      8,623         (8,623)            –


At 31 December 2023                             119,975      53,597*     867,910*       198,696*            (13,500)*          (44,228)*     93,683*      (176,045)*   1,100,088




Annual Report 2024                                                                                                                          FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                79
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

     YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




                                                                                               Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                                                                   Equity
                                                                                                            investments
                                                                                                            at fair value
                                                                                                          through other
                                                                     Share                   Land and    comprehensive
                                                                 premium     Contributed     buildings            income        Exchange       General
                                                       Issued      account       surplus   revaluation       revaluation       fluctuation      reserve   Accumulated        Total
                                                       capital   (note 29)     (note 29)       reserve           reserve           reserve    (note 29)        losses       equity
                                                     HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000            HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000


     At 1 January 2024                               119,975      53,597*      867,910*      198,696*           (13,500)*         (44,228)*    93,683*      (176,045)*   1,100,088
     Profit for the year                                   –           –             –             –                  –                 –           –         47,856        47,856
     Other comprehensive loss for the year:
       Revaluation deficit of land and buildings,
           net of tax                                       –           –             –        (9,159)                 –                 –           –              –       (9,159)
       Changes in fair value of equity investments          –           –             –             –                 64                 –           –              –           64
       Share of other comprehensive loss of
           associates                                       –           –             –             –                  –              (216)          –              –         (216)
       Exchange differences on translation of
           foreign operations                               –           –             –             –                  –          (18,711)           –              –      (18,711)


     Total comprehensive (loss)/income
       for the year                                         –           –             –        (9,159)                64         (18,927)            –        47,856       19,834
     Transfer of revaluation reserve of land and
       buildings to accumulated losses                      –           –             –       (32,558)                 –                 –          –          32,558            –
     Transfer to general reserve                            –           –             –             –                  –                 –     10,006         (10,006)           –


     At 31 December 2024                             119,975      53,597*      867,910*      156,979*           (13,436)*         (63,155)*   103,689*      (105,637)*   1,119,922


     *           These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of HK$999,947,000 (2023: HK$980,113,000) in the consolidated statement of
                 financial position.




80   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




                                                                                     2024             2023
                                                                          Notes   HK$’000           HK$’000


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                                  46,272            58,047
Adjustments for:
  Finance costs                                                             7          115                163
  Share of (profits)/losses of associates                                  15         (170)               261
  Interest income                                                           5     (12,448)           (13,624)
  Fair value losses on investment properties                                6      20,669             10,126
  Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment               5            (92)               (77)
  Impairment of trade receivables and contract assets                      6         9,070              7,781
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                            6       12,786             16,550
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                      6         2,544              3,420
  (Reversal of impairment)/impairment of deposits and other receivables    6        (9,012)                 12
  Write-off of inventories                                                 6         1,888              1,316
  Provision/(reversal of provision) for obsolete inventories               6         1,647             (5,430)


                                                                                   73,269            78,545

Decrease in inventories                                                            12,040               2,997
(Increase)/decrease in contract assets                                              (2,202)             1,038
Decrease/(increase) in trade and bills receivables                                 19,111              (8,833)
(Increase)/decrease in prepayments, other receivables and other assets              (8,549)             8,302
Increase/(decrease) in contract liabilities                                            280           (23,922)
(Decrease)/increase in trade and bills payables                                     (5,049)             7,805
Decrease in other payables and accruals                                           (30,913)           (49,454)
Exchange differences                                                                   384              1,476


Cash generated from operations                                                     58,371            17,954
Interest received                                                                  10,247            13,624
Interest element of lease liabilities                                                (115)             (163)
Hong Kong profits tax recovered/(paid)                                                 11                (36)


Net cash flows from operating activities                                           68,514            31,379




Annual Report 2024                                                                   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED     81
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

     YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                             Notes   HK$’000              HK$’000


     CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
     Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                      12       (2,082)              (2,431)
     Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                      95                   79
     Repayment of entrusted loans from related companies                      20        9,601                    –
     Placement of non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of more
        than three months when acquired                                              (280,774)                   –
     (Placement)/withdrawal of pledged deposits                                         (1,121)                150


     Net cash flows used in investing activities                                     (274,281)              (2,202)


     CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     Principal portion of lease payments                                               (2,313)              (3,268)


     Net cash flows used in financing activities                                       (2,313)              (3,268)


     NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                            (208,080)              25,909
     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                   749,021             733,315
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                      (16,287)            (10,203)


     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                        524,654              749,021


     ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
     Cash and bank balances                                                   22     218,793              653,775
     Non-pledged time deposits                                                22     586,635               95,246


     Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement of
      financial position                                                      22     805,428              749,021
     Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of more than three
      months when acquired                                                           (280,774)                    –


     Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement of
      cash flows                                                                     524,654              749,021




82   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                     Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 DECEMBER 2024




1.     CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION
       Founder Holdings Limited (the “Company”) is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The registered office of
       the Company is located at Victoria Place, 5th Floor, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton HM 10, Bermuda. The head office and
       principal place of business of the Company is located at Unit 1408, 14th Floor, Cable TV Tower, 9 Hoi Shing Road, Tsuen
       Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong.

       During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) were principally engaged in
       sales of software, hardware and system integration.

       Information about subsidiaries
       Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                 Place of                                   Percentage of
                                                 incorporation/      Issued ordinary/     equity attributable
                                                 registration and    registered            to the Company
       Name                                      business            share capital           Direct       Indirect   Principal activities

       Founder (Hong Kong) Limited               Hong Kong           Ordinary                 100               –    Investment holding
         (“Founder HK”)                                                HK$977,974,378

       北京北大方正電子有限公司                              Mainland of the      Registered                 –           100     Sales of software,
        Beijing Founder Electronics Co., Ltd.#    People’s Republic of HK$230 million                                  hardware and system
        (“Founder Electronics”)                   China (“Mainland                                                     integration
                                                  China” or
                                                  the “PRC”)

       北京方正印捷數碼技術有限公司                            PRC/                Registered                  –           100     Sales of software, and
        (Beijing Founder EasiPrint Digital         Mainland China      RMB50 million                                   hardware
        Technology Co., Ltd.@)^

       北京方正數字印刷技術有限公司                            PRC/                Registered                  –           100     Sales of hardware
        (Beijing Founder Digital Printing          Mainland China      RMB5 million
        Technology Co., Ltd.@)^

       Founder Electronics (HK) Limited          Hong Kong           Ordinary HK$2               –           100     Sales of hardware

       Royal Bright Limited                      Hong Kong           Ordinary HK$2               –           100     Property holding

       Royal Leader Limited                      Hong Kong           Ordinary HK$2               –           100     Property holding

       Royal Power Limited                       Hong Kong           Ordinary HK$2               –           100     Property holding

       Sharp Century Limited                     Hong Kong           Ordinary HK$2               –           100     Property holding

       PUC Founder (M) Sdn. Bhd.                 Malaysia            Ordinary RM500,000          –           100     Investment holding




Annual Report 2024                                                                                           FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED         83
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     31 DECEMBER 2024




     1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (continued)
           Information about subsidiaries (continued)
           @
                  For identification purposes only

           #
                  Registered as a wholly-foreign-owned enterprise under PRC law

           ^
                  Registered as limited liability companies under PRC law


           The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results
           for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in
           the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.


     2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           2.1    Basis of preparation
                  These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards (which include
                  all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations)
                  as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and the disclosure requirements
                  of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except
                  for investment properties, land and buildings classified as property, plant and equipment, equity investments at fair
                  value through other comprehensive income, bills receivable, and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                  which have been measured at fair value. These financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars and all
                  values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

                  Basis of consolidation
                  The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
                  (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2024. A subsidiary is an entity (including
                  a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is
                  exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those
                  returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the
                  relevant activities of the investee).

                  Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has
                  less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and
                  circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

                  (a)      the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

                  (b)      rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

                  (c)      the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

                  The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using
                  consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group
                  obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.




84   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                         Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       2.1    Basis of preparation (continued)
              Basis of consolidation (continued)
              Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent of
              the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit
              balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
              between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

              The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
              changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of a
              subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

              If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related assets (including goodwill), liabilities
              any non-controlling interest and the exchange fluctuation reserve; and recognises the fair value of any investment
              retained and any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously
              recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the
              same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.

       2.2    Changes in accounting policies and disclosures
              The Group has adopted the following revised HKFRS Accounting Standards for the first time for the current year’s
              financial statements.

              Amendments to HKFRS 16                                   Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
              Amendments to HKAS 1                                     Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
                                                                         (the “2020 Amendments”)
              Amendments to HKAS 1                                     Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
                                                                         (the “2022 Amendments”)
              Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7                         Supplier Finance Arrangements

              The nature and the impact of the revised HKFRS Accounting Standards are described below:

              (a)    Amendments to HKFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability
                     arising in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount
                     of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. Since the Group has no sale and leaseback
                     transactions with variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate occurring from the
                     date of initial application of HKFRS 16, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position
                     or performance of the Group.

              (b)    The 2020 amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current, including
                     what is meant by a right to defer settlement and that a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting
                     period. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer
                     settlement. The amendments also clarify that a liability can be settled in its own equity instruments, and that
                     only if a conversion option in a convertible liability is itself accounted for as an equity instrument would the
                     terms of a liability not impact its classification. The 2022 Amendments further clarify that, among covenants
                     of a liability arising from a loan arrangement, only those with which an entity must comply on or before the
                     reporting date affect the classification of that liability as current or non-current. Additional disclosures are
                     required for non-current liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12
                     months after the reporting period.

                     The Group has reassessed the terms and conditions of its liabilities as at 1 January 2023 and 2024 and
                     concluded that the classification of its liabilities as current or non-current remained unchanged upon initial
                     application of the amendments. Accordingly, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial
                     position or performance of the Group.

Annual Report 2024                                                                                         FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED           85
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     31 DECEMBER 2024




     2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           2.2    Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (continued)
                  (c)    Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7 clarify the characteristics of supplier finance arrangements and
                         require additional disclosure of such arrangements. The disclosure requirements in the amendments are
                         intended to assist users of financial statements in understanding the effects of supplier finance arrangements
                         on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk. As the Group does not have supplier
                         finance arrangements, the amendments did not have any impact on the Group’s financial statements.

           2.3    Issued but not yet effective HKFRS Accounting Standards
                  The Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRS Accounting Standards, that have been issued
                  but are not yet effective, in these financial statements. The Group intends to apply these new and revised HKFRS
                  Accounting Standards, if applicable, when they become effective.

                  HKFRS 18                                                    Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3
                  HKFRS 19                                                    Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures3
                  Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                           Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                                                Financial Instruments2
                  Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                           Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity2
                  Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                          Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                                                its Associate or Joint Venture4
                  Amendments to HKAS 21                                       Lack of Exchangeability1
                  Annual Improvements to HKFRS                                Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10
                    Accounting Standards – Volume 11                            and HKAS 72

                  1
                         Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
                  2
                         Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
                  3
                         Effective for annual/reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
                  4
                         No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption


                  Further information about those HKFRS Accounting Standards that are expected to be applicable to the Group is
                  described below.

                  HKFRS 18 replaces HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. While a number of sections have been brought
                  forward from HKAS 1 with limited changes, HKFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation within the
                  statement of profit or loss, including specified totals and subtotals. Entities are required to classify all income and
                  expenses within the statement of profit or loss into one of the five categories: operating, investing, financing,
                  income taxes and discontinued operations and to present two new defined subtotals. It also requires disclosures
                  about management-defined performance measures in a single note and introduces enhanced requirements on
                  the grouping (aggregation and disaggregation) and the location of information in both the primary financial
                  statements and the notes. Some requirements previously included in HKAS 1 are moved to HKAS 8 Accounting
                  Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors, which is renamed as HKAS 8 Basis of Preparation of
                  Financial Statements. As a consequence of the issuance of HKFRS 18, limited, but widely applicable, amendments
                  are made to HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows, HKAS 33 Earnings per Share and HKAS 34 Interim Financial
                  Reporting. In addition, there are minor consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards. HKFRS
                  18 and the consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards are effective for annual periods
                  beginning on or after 1 January 2027 with earlier application permitted. Retrospective application is required. The
                  Group is currently analysing the new requirements and assessing the impact of HKFRS 18 on the presentation and
                  disclosure of the Group’s financial statements.




86   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                          Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       2.3    Issued but not yet effective HKFRS Accounting Standards (continued)
              HKFRS 19 allows eligible entities to elect to apply reduced disclosure requirements while still applying the
              recognition, measurement and presentation requirements in other HKFRS Accounting Standards. To be eligible, at
              the end of the reporting period, an entity must be a subsidiary as defined in HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial
              Statements, cannot have public accountability and must have a parent (ultimate or intermediate) that prepares
              consolidated financial statements available for public use which comply with HKFRS Accounting Standards. Earlier
              application is permitted. As the Company is a listed company, it is not eligible to elect to apply HKFRS 19. Some
              of the Company’s subsidiaries are considering the application of HKFRS 19 in their specified financial statements.

              Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
              Instruments clarify the date on which a financial asset or financial liability is derecognised and introduce an
              accounting policy option to derecognise a financial liability that is settled through an electronic payment system
              before the settlement date if specified criteria are met. The amendments clarify how to assess the contractual cash
              flow characteristics of financial assets with environmental, social and governance and other similar contingent
              features. Moreover, the amendments clarify the requirements for classifying financial assets with non-recourse
              features and contractually linked instruments. The amendments also include additional disclosures for investments
              in equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial instruments with
              contingent features. The amendments shall be applied retrospectively with an adjustment to opening retained
              profits (or other component of equity) at the initial application date. Prior periods are not required to be restated
              and can only be restated without the use of hindsight. Earlier application of either all the amendments at the same
              time or only the amendments related to the classification of financial assets is permitted. The amendments are not
              expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

              Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity clarify the application
              of the “own-use” requirements for in-scope contracts and amend the designation requirements for a hedged item
              in a cash flow hedging relationship for in-scope contracts. The amendments also include additional disclosures
              that enable users of financial statements to understand the effects these contracts have on an entity’s financial
              performance and future cash flows. The amendments relating to the own-use exception shall be applied
              retrospectively. Prior periods are not required to be restated and can only be restated without the use of hindsight.
              The amendments relating to the hedge accounting shall be applied prospectively to new hedging relationships
              designated on or after the date of initial application. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments to HKFRS 9
              and HKFRS 7 shall be applied at the same time. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact
              on the Group’s financial statements.

              Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in HKFRS 10 and in
              HKAS 28 in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture.
              The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a downstream transaction when the sale
              or contribution of assets constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business,
              a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of the
              unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied prospectively.
              The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 was removed by the HKICPA.
              However, the amendments are available for adoption now.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                     FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED         87
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     31 DECEMBER 2024




     2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           2.3    Issued but not yet effective HKFRS Accounting Standards (continued)
                  Amendments to HKAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another
                  currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when exchangeability is lacking.
                  The amendments require disclosures of information that enable users of financial statements to understand the
                  impact of a currency not being exchangeable. Earlier application is permitted. When applying the amendments,
                  an entity cannot restate comparative information. Any cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments
                  shall be recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits or to the cumulative amount of
                  translation differences accumulated in a separate component of equity, where appropriate, at the date of initial
                  application. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

                  Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11 set out amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7
                  (and the accompanying Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7), HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7. Details of the
                  amendments that are expected to be applicable to the Group are as follows:

                  •      HKFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures: The amendments have updated certain wording in paragraph
                         B38 of HKFRS 7 and paragraphs IG1, IG14 and IG20B of the Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7
                         for the purpose of simplification or achieving consistency with other paragraphs in the standard and/or
                         with the concepts and terminology used in other standards. In addition, the amendments clarify that the
                         Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7 does not necessarily illustrate all the requirements in the referenced
                         paragraphs of HKFRS 7 nor does it create additional requirements. Earlier application is permitted. The
                         amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

                  •      HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments: The amendments clarify that when a lessee has determined that a lease
                         liability has been extinguished in accordance with HKFRS 9, the lessee is required to apply paragraph
                         3.3.3 of HKFRS 9 and recognise any resulting gain or loss in profit or loss. In addition, the amendments
                         have updated certain wording in paragraph 5.1.3 of HKFRS 9 and Appendix A of HKFRS 9 to remove
                         potential confusion. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any
                         significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

                  •      HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements: The amendments clarify that the relationship described in
                         paragraph B74 of HKFRS 10 is just one example of various relationships that might exist between the
                         investor and other parties acting as de facto agents of the investor, which removes the inconsistency with
                         the requirement in paragraph B73 of HKFRS 10. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not
                         expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

                  •      HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows: The amendments replace the term “cost method” with “at cost” in
                         paragraph 37 of HKAS 7 following the prior deletion of the definition of “cost method”. Earlier application
                         is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any impact on the Group’s financial statements.

           2.4    Material accounting policies
                  Investments in associates and joint ventures
                  An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less than 20% of the equity
                  voting rights and over which it has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the
                  financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.

                  A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement
                  have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an
                  arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the
                  parties sharing control.


88   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                       Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       2.4    Material accounting policies (continued)
              Investments in associates and joint ventures (continued)
              The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of financial
              position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses.
              Adjustments are made to bring into line any dissimilar accounting policies that may exist.

              The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures
              is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
              respectively. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associate or
              joint venture, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated statement of
              changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates
              or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates or joint ventures, except
              where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill arising from the
              acquisition of associates or joint ventures is included as part of the Group’s investments in associates or joint
              ventures.

              Upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the Group measures and
              recognises any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount of the associate
              or joint venture upon loss of significant influence or joint control and the fair value of the retained investment and
              proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss.

              Fair value measurement
              The Group measures its land and buildings, investment properties, financial assets at fair value through profit or
              loss, bills receivable and equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income at the end of each
              reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
              orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on
              the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market
              for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or
              liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an
              asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or
              liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

              A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate
              economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that
              would use the asset in its highest and best use.

              The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
              are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of
              unobservable inputs.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                        FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED          89
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     31 DECEMBER 2024




     2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           2.4    Material accounting policies (continued)
                  Fair value measurement (continued)
                  All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
                  within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
                  value measurement as a whole:

                  Level 1         –       based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

                  Level 2         –       based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
                                          value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly

                  Level 3         –       based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
                                          value measurement is unobservable

                  For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines
                  whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based on the
                  lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.

                  Impairment of non-financial assets
                  Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other than
                  inventories, contract assets, deferred tax assets, financial assets and investment properties), the asset’s recoverable
                  amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in
                  use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not
                  generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case
                  the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

                  An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In assessing
                  value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
                  reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is
                  charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with
                  the function of the impaired asset.

                  An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously
                  recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the
                  recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is
                  reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that
                  asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any
                  depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such
                  an impairment loss is credited to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises, unless the asset is
                  carried at a revalued amount, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is accounted for in accordance
                  with the relevant accounting policy for that revalued asset.




90   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                          Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       2.4    Material accounting policies (continued)
              Related parties
              A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

              (a)    the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

                     (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;

                     (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or

                     (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

              or

              (b)    the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

                     (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

                     (ii)     one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
                              subsidiary of the other entity);

                     (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

                     (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

                     (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an
                              entity related to the Group;

                     (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                     (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                              management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

                     (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                              services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                            FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED    91
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     31 DECEMBER 2024




     2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           2.4    Material accounting policies (continued)
                  Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
                  Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost or valuation less accumulated depreciation and any impairment
                  losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly
                  attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

                  Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs
                  and maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In
                  situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the
                  carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are
                  required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives
                  and depreciates them accordingly.

                  Valuations are performed frequently enough to ensure that the fair value of a revalued asset does not differ
                  materially from its carrying amount. Changes in the values of property, plant and equipment are dealt with as
                  movements in a revaluation reserve. If the total of this reserve is insufficient to cover a deficit, on an individual asset
                  basis, the excess of the deficit is charged to the statement of profit or loss. Any subsequent revaluation surplus is
                  credited to the statement of profit or loss to the extent of the deficit previously charged. An annual transfer from
                  the asset revaluation surplus to accumulated losses is made for the difference between depreciation based on the
                  revalued carrying amount of the assets and depreciation based on its original cost. On disposal of a revalued
                  asset, the relevant portion of the asset revaluation reserve realised in respect of previous valuations is transferred to
                  accumulated losses as a movement in reserves.

                  Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and
                  equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as
                  follows:

                  Land and buildings                                       Over the lease term
                  Leasehold improvements                                   20%
                  Furniture, fixtures and office equipment                 20% to 331/3%
                  Machinery and equipment                                  12.5%
                  Motor vehicles                                           10% to 25%

                  Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost or valuation of that
                  item is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values,
                  useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year
                  end.

                  An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon
                  disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal
                  or retirement recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference
                  between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.




92   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                            Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       2.4    Material accounting policies (continued)
              Investment properties
              Investment properties are interests in land and buildings held to earn rental income and/or for capital
              appreciation. Such properties are measured initially at cost, including transaction costs. Subsequent to initial
              recognition, investment properties are stated at fair value, which reflects market conditions at the end of the
              reporting period.

              Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair values of investment properties are included in the statement of
              profit or loss in the year in which they arise.

              Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in the statement of profit
              or loss in the year of the retirement or disposal.

              For a transfer from investment properties to owner-occupied properties or inventories, the deemed cost of a
              property for subsequent accounting is its fair value at the date of change in use. If a property occupied by the
              Group as an owner-occupied property becomes an investment property, the Group accounts for such property in
              accordance with the policy stated under “Property, plant and equipment and depreciation” for owned property
              and/or accounts for such property in accordance with the policy stated under “Right-of-use assets” for property
              held as a right-of-use asset up to the date of change in use, and any difference at that date between the carrying
              amount and the fair value of the property is accounted for as a revaluation in accordance with the policy stated
              under “Property, plant and equipment and depreciation” above.

              Leases
              The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains,
              lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
              consideration.

              Group as a lessee
              The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and
              leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets
              representing the right to use the underlying assets.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                     FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        93
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     31 DECEMBER 2024




     2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           2.4    Material accounting policies (continued)
                  Leases (continued)
                  Group as a lessee (continued)
                  (a)    Right-of-use assets
                         Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the underlying
                         asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and
                         any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets
                         includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made
                         at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Unless the Group is reasonably
                         certain to obtain ownership of the leased asset at the end of the lease term, the recognised right-of-use assets
                         are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful life and the lease term.

                  (b)    Lease liabilities
                         Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease
                         payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in
                         substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an
                         index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments
                         also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and
                         payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to
                         terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised
                         as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

                         In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the
                         lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After
                         the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and
                         reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if
                         there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future
                         lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to
                         purchase the underlying asset.

                  (c)    Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
                         The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of properties (that is
                         those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain
                         a purchase option). Lease payments on short-term leases are recognised as an expense on a straight-line
                         basis over the lease term.




94   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                        Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       2.4    Material accounting policies (continued)
              Leases (continued)
              Group as a lessor
              When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification) each of its
              leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

              Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an
              asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group
              allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental
              income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is included in revenue in the statement
              of profit or loss due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating
              lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as
              rental income. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

              Investments and other financial assets
              Initial recognition and measurement
              Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through
              other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

              The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
              characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that
              do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient
              of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at
              its fair value, plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade
              receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical
              expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set
              out for “Revenue recognition” below.

              In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other
              comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”)
              on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured
              at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

              The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order
              to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual
              cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are
              held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows,
              while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within
              a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets
              which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through
              profit or loss.

              Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by
              regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group
              commits to purchase or sell the asset.


Annual Report 2024                                                                                      FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED         95
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     31 DECEMBER 2024




     2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           2.4    Material accounting policies (continued)
                  Investments and other financial assets (continued)
                  Subsequent measurement
                  The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

                  Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
                  Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject
                  to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognised,
                  modified or impaired.

                  Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)
                  For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign exchange
                  revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognised in the statement of profit or loss and computed
                  in the same manner as for financial assets measured at amortised cost. The remaining fair value changes are
                  recognised in other comprehensive income. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognised in
                  other comprehensive income is recycled to the statement of profit or loss.

                  Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity investments)
                  Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity investments
                  designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the definition of equity under
                  HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The classification is determined on an
                  instrument-by-instrument basis.

                  Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss. Dividends are
                  recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established,
                  except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in
                  which case, such gains are recorded in other comprehensive income. Equity investments designated at fair value
                  through other comprehensive income are not subject to impairment assessment.

                  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value
                  with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

                  This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected
                  to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on the equity investments are also
                  recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established.




96   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                       Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       2.4    Material accounting policies (continued)
              Derecognition of financial assets
              A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is
              primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:

              •      the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

              •      the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation
                     to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through”
                     arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset,
                     or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but
                     has transferred control of the asset.

              When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through
              arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset.
              When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred
              control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing
              involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated
              liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.

              Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the
              original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required
              to repay.

              Impairment of financial assets
              The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at
              fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due
              in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an
              approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale
              of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

              General approach
              ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase
              in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are
              possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a
              significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected
              over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

              At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased
              significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default
              occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial
              instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is
              available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information. The Group considers
              that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than three years past
              due.


Annual Report 2024                                                                                     FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED         97
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     31 DECEMBER 2024




     2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           2.4    Material accounting policies (continued)
                  Impairment of financial assets (continued)
                  General approach (continued)
                  The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are aged more than three years.
                  The Group has rebutted the 90 days past due presumption of default based on reasonable and supportable
                  information, including the Group’s credit risk control practices and the historical recovery rate of financial assets
                  over 90 days past due. However, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or
                  external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before
                  taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group.

                  A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

                  Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortised cost
                  are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following stages for
                  measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract assets which apply the simplified approach as
                  detailed below.

                  Stage 1        –       Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial
                                         recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month
                                         ECLs

                  Stage 2        –       Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition
                                         but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is
                                         measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs

                  Stage 3        –       Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased
                                         or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount
                                         equal to lifetime ECLs

                  Simplified approach
                  For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group
                  applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies
                  the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in
                  credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has
                  established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking
                  factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

                  For trade receivables and contract assets that contain a significant financing component and lease receivables,
                  the Group chooses as its accounting policy to adopt the simplified approach in calculating ECLs with policies as
                  described above.




98   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                         Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       2.4    Material accounting policies (continued)
              Financial liabilities
              Initial recognition and measurement
              Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss,
              loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as
              appropriate.

              All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables,
              net of directly attributable transaction costs.

              The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and bills payables, financial liabilities included in other payables
              and accruals and lease liabilities.

              Subsequent measurement
              The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

              Financial liabilities at amortised cost (trade and other payables)
              After initial recognition, trade and other payables and lease liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised
              cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case
              they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the liabilities are
              derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.

              Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that
              are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance costs
              in the statement of profit or loss.

              Derecognition of financial liabilities
              A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.

              When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms,
              or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as
              a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the
              respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

              Offsetting of financial instruments
              Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial
              position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to
              settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                         FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED          99
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            2.4    Material accounting policies (continued)
                   Inventories
                   Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the weighted average
                   basis. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be incurred to
                   completion and disposal.

                   Cash and cash equivalents
                   Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at banks, and short-
                   term highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily convertible into known
                   amounts of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held for the purpose of meeting short-term
                   cash commitments.

                   For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand
                   and at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand
                   and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.

                   Provisions
                   A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event
                   and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that a
                   reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

                   When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the end of
                   the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The increase in the
                   discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs in the statement of
                   profit or loss.

                   The Group provides for warranties in relation to the sale of certain products for general repairs of defects occurring
                   during the warranty period. Provisions for these assurance-type warranties granted by the Group are initially
                   recognised based on sales volume and past experience of the level of repairs and returns, discounted to their
                   present values as appropriate.

                   Income tax
                   Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is
                   recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

                   Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the
                   taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end
                   of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which
                   the Group operates.

                   Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting period
                   between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.




100   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                       Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       2.4    Material accounting policies (continued)
              Income tax (continued)
              Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

              •       when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in
                      a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
                      accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
                      temporary differences; and

              •       in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
                      ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable
                      that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

              Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax
              credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable
              profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax
              credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

              •       when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial
                      recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the
                      transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal
                      taxable and deductible temporary differences; and

              •       in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and
                      joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary
                      differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the
                      temporary differences can be utilised.

              The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
              extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred
              tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and
              are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all
              or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

              Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the
              asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
              enacted by the end of the reporting period.

              Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right
              to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate
              to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities
              which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the
              liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are
              expected to be settled or recovered.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                        FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED         101
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            2.4    Material accounting policies (continued)
                   Government grants
                   Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be
                   received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is
                   recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, which it is intended to compensate,
                   are expensed.

                   Revenue recognition
                   Revenue from contracts with customers
                   Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the
                   customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for
                   those goods or services.

                   When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to
                   which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The variable
                   consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue
                   reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the
                   variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

                   When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of
                   financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the
                   present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate
                   financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains
                   a financing component which provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year,
                   revenue recognised under the contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the
                   effective interest method. For a contract where the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer
                   of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a
                   significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.

                   (a)    Sale of software, hardware and system integration
                          Revenue from the sale of software, hardware and system integration is recognised at the point in time
                          when control of the asset is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of the software, hardware
                          and system integration.




102   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                        Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       2.4    Material accounting policies (continued)
              Revenue recognition (continued)
              Revenue from other sources
              Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms.

              Other income
              Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that
              exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter
              period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

              Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is
              probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the
              dividend can be measured reliably.

              Contract assets
              If the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before being unconditionally entitled to
              the consideration under the contract terms, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that is
              conditional. Contract assets are subject to impairment assessment, details of which are included in the accounting
              policies for impairment of financial assets. They are reclassified to trade receivables when the right to the
              consideration becomes unconditional.

              Contract costs
              Other than the costs which are capitalised as inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets,
              costs incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following criteria are met:

              (a)     The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically identify.

              (b)     The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to
                      satisfy) performance obligations in the future.

              (c)     The costs are expected to be recovered.

              The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to the statement of profit or loss on a systematic basis
              that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates. Other contract
              costs are expensed as incurred.

              Contract liabilities
              A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from
              a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as
              revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the
              customer).




Annual Report 2024                                                                                        FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        103
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            2.4    Material accounting policies (continued)
                   Employee benefits
                   Pension schemes
                   The Group operates defined contribution retirement benefit schemes for those employees who are eligible to
                   participate. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries and are charged to
                   the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the respective schemes. The
                   assets of the schemes are held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund.

                   When an employee leaves the Mandatory Provident Fund Exempted Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance
                   retirement benefits scheme prior to his/her interest in the Group’s employer contributions vesting fully, the ongoing
                   contributions payable by the Group will be reduced by the relevant amount of forfeited employer contributions. In
                   respect of the Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme, the Group’s employer mandatory contributions
                   vest fully with the employees when contributed into the scheme except for the Group’s employer voluntary
                   contributions, which are refunded to the Group when the employee leaves employment prior to the contributions
                   vesting fully, in accordance with the rules of the scheme.

                   The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are required to participate in a
                   central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. Contributions are made based on a certain
                   percentage of the participating employees’ salaries and are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they
                   become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.

                   Termination benefits
                   Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those
                   benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination benefits.

                   Borrowing costs
                   Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, i.e., assets
                   that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalised as part
                   of the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases when the assets are substantially
                   ready for their intended use or sale. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are
                   incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing
                   of funds.

                   Events after the reporting period
                   If the Group receives information after the reporting period, but prior to the date of authorisation for issue, about
                   conditions that existed at the end of the reporting period, it will assess whether the information affects the amounts
                   that it recognises in its financial statements. The Group will adjust the amounts recognised in its financial statements
                   to reflect any adjusting events after the reporting period and update the disclosures that relate to those conditions
                   in light of the new information. For non-adjusting events after the reporting period, the Group will not change the
                   amounts recognised in its financial statements, but will disclose the nature of the non-adjusting events and an estimate
                   of their financial effects, or a statement that such an estimate cannot be made, if applicable.




104   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                         Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       2.4    Material accounting policies (continued)
              Dividends
              Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting.

              Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum and articles
              of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are
              recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.

              Foreign currencies
              These financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, which is the Company’s functional currency.
              Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of
              each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities
              in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the
              transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional
              currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or translation
              of monetary items are recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

              Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
              exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign
              currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss
              arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the
              gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is
              recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or
              profit or loss, respectively).

              In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
              derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date
              of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-monetary
              liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group
              determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.

              The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries and associates not operating in Hong Kong are
              currencies other than the Hong Kong dollar. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these
              entities are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period
              and their statements of profit or loss are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates that approximate
              to those prevailing at the dates of the transactions.

              The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
              exchange fluctuation reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount in the reserve relating to
              that particular foreign operation is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

              For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are translated
              into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash flows
              of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the weighted
              average exchange rates for the year.


Annual Report 2024                                                                                        FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED          105
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
            The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions
            that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures, and the
            disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could
            require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.

            Judgements
            In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart from
            those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements:

            Deferred tax assets
            Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be
            available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement is required to determine the amount
            of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits, together
            with future tax planning strategies.

            The Group has tax losses of HK$933,899,000 (2023: HK$857,801,000) carried forward. These losses related to
            subsidiaries that have a history of losses, have not expired, and may not be used to offset taxable income elsewhere in
            the Group. The subsidiaries have neither any taxable temporary difference nor any tax planning opportunities available
            that could partly support the recognition of these losses as deferred tax assets. On this basis, the Group has determined
            that it cannot recognise deferred tax assets on the tax losses carried forward.

            If the Group had been able to recognise all unrecognised deferred tax assets, the profit and equity would have increased
            by HK$145,665,000. Further details on deferred taxes are disclosed in note 26 to the financial statements.

            Classification between investment properties and owner-occupied properties
            The Group determines whether a property qualifies as an investment property, and has developed criteria in making that
            judgement. Investment property is a property held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or both. Therefore, the Group
            considers whether a property generates cash flows largely independently of the other assets held by the Group. Some
            properties comprise a portion that is held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation and another portion that is held for use
            in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. If these portions could be sold separately
            or leased out separately under a finance lease, the Group accounts for the portions separately. If the portions could not
            be sold separately, the property is an investment property only if an insignificant portion is held for use in the production
            or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. Judgement is made on an individual property basis to
            determine whether ancillary services are so significant that a property does not qualify as an investment property.




106   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                         Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)
       Estimation uncertainty
       The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting
       period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within
       the next financial year, are described below.

       Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables and contract assets
       The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables and contract assets. The provision rates are
       based on the invoice date for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns.

       The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate the matrix
       to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For instance, if forecast industry conditions
       are expected to deteriorate over the next year which can lead to an increased number of defaults, the historical default
       rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-
       looking estimates are analysed.

       The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is
       a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast economic conditions.
       The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of a
       customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade receivables and contract assets
       are disclosed in notes 18 and 19 to the financial statements, respectively.

       Provision for obsolete inventories
       Management reviews the ageing analysis of inventories of the Group at the end of each reporting period, and makes
       provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventory items identified that are no longer suitable for sale. Management estimates
       the net realisable value for such inventories based primarily on the latest invoice prices and current market conditions. If
       the market condition was to deteriorate so that the actual provision might be higher than expected, the Group would be
       required to revise the basis of making the provision and its future results would be affected.

       Fair value of investment properties and land and buildings
       Investment properties and land and buildings are carried in the statement of financial position at their fair values. The fair
       value was based on a valuation on the properties conducted by an independent firm of professionally qualified valuers using
       property valuation techniques which involve making assumptions on certain market conditions. Favourable or unfavourable
       changes to these assumptions would result in changes in the fair values of the Group’s investment properties and land
       and buildings and the corresponding adjustments to the gain or loss recognised in the statement of profit or loss and the
       land and buildings revaluation reserve, respectively. Further details, including the key assumptions used for fair value
       measurement, are given in notes 12 and 13 to the financial statements.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                      FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED         107
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
            The Group is primarily engaged in the sale of software, hardware and system integration. Given that the chief operating
            decision maker of the Company considers that the Group’s business is operated and managed as a single segment,
            accordingly, no segment information is presented.

            Geographical information
            (a)    Revenue from external customers

                                                                                                       2024                  2023
                                                                                                    HK$’000                HK$’000


                   Mainland China                                                                    920,245               977,042
                   Hong Kong                                                                           4,462                 4,626
                   Other                                                                                 147                   361


                   Total revenue                                                                     924,854               982,029


                   The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.

            (b)    Non-current assets

                                                                                                       2024                  2023
                                                                                                    HK$’000                HK$’000


                   Mainland China                                                                    177,193               199,287
                   Hong Kong                                                                         149,072               174,961
                   Other                                                                               2,191                 2,237


                   Total non-current assets                                                          328,456               376,485


                   The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes financial instruments
                   and pledged deposits.

            Information about major customers
            During the year, there was no revenue derived from transactions with a single external customer which individually
            accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue (2023: Nil).




108   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                    Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




5.     REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
       An analysis of revenue is as follows:

                                                                      2024             2023
                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000


       Revenue from contracts with customers                       919,251           977,244

       Revenue from other sources
       Rental income from investment property operating leases       5,603              4,785


       Total                                                       924,854           982,029


       Revenue from contracts with customers
       (i)     Disaggregated revenue information
               For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                                        Total
                                                                                     HK$’000


               Types of goods or services
               Sale of software, hardware and system integration                      919,251


               Geographical markets
               Mainland China                                                         919,104
               Others                                                                     147


               Total                                                                  919,251


               Timing of revenue recognition
               Goods transferred at a point in time                                   919,251




Annual Report 2024                                                    FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED   109
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
            (i)    Disaggregated revenue information (continued)
                   For the year ended 31 December 2023

                                                                                                                              Total
                                                                                                                          HK$’000


                   Types of goods or services
                   Sale of software, hardware and system integration                                                      977,244


                   Geographical markets
                   Mainland China                                                                                         976,883
                   Others                                                                                                     361


                   Total                                                                                                  977,244


                   Timing of revenue recognition
                   Goods transferred at a point in time                                                                   977,244


                   The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that were included in
                   the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:

                                                                                                       2024                 2023
                                                                                                    HK$’000               HK$’000


                   Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities
                     at the beginning of the reporting period:
                   Sale of software, hardware and system integration                                 35,687                41,361


                   Total                                                                             35,687                41,361




110   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




5.     REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (continued)
       Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
       (ii)   Performance obligations
              Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:

              Sale of software, hardware and system integration
              The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of software, hardware and system integration and payment
              is generally due within 90 days from the invoice date, except for new customers, where payment in advance is
              normally required. A certain percentage of payment is retained by customers until the end of the retention period as
              the Group’s entitlement to the final payment is conditional on the satisfaction of the goods’ quality by the customers
              over a certain period as stipulated in the contracts.

              The amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially
              unsatisfied) as at 31 December are as follows:

                                                                                                              2024                     2023
                                                                                                           HK$’000                   HK$’000

              Amounts expected to be recognised as revenue:
               Within one year                                                                               42,978                    45,373


              The amounts disclosed above do not include variable consideration which is constrained.

                                                                                                              2024                     2023
                                                                                                           HK$’000                   HK$’000

              Other income
              Bank interest income                                                                           12,448                    13,624
              Government grants (note)                                                                       39,363                    34,683
              Others                                                                                          4,347                     7,150

              Total other income                                                                             56,158                    55,457

              Gains
              Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                                           92                        77
              Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through
                profit or loss, net                                                                              369                           –


              Total gains                                                                                        461                         77

              Total other income and gains                                                                   56,619                    55,534


              Note:   Various government grants have been received for the sale of software approved by the PRC tax authority and the development
                      of software in Mainland China. The government grants have been recognised upon sales of approved software and completion
                      of the development of related software. There are no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these grants.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                              FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED            111
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      6.    PROFIT BEFORE TAX
            The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                                              Notes                      HK$’000            HK$’000


            Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                         2,913              2,870
            Cost of inventories sold and services provided**                                                             468,872            502,589
            Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                      12                         12,786             16,550
            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                               14(a)                        2,544              3,420
            Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease                           14(c)
               liabilities                                                                                                20,690              21,492
            Impairment of trade receivables and contract assets*                             18/19                         9,070               7,781
            (Reversal of impairment)/impairment of deposits and other                          20
               receivables*                                                                                               (9,012)                  12
            Loss on write-off of inventories*                                                                              1,888                1,316
            Provision/(reverse of provision) for obsolete inventories**                                                    1,647               (5,430)
            Research and development costs:
               Current year expenditure*                                                                                 166,035            174,001

            Employee benefit expense (including directors’ and chief
              executive’s remuneration (note 8)):
              Wages and salaries                                                                                         208,362            217,550
              Pension scheme contributions***                                                                             39,770             39,506


            Total                                                                                                        248,132            257,056


            Foreign exchange differences, net                                                                              2,701                1,827
            Direct operating expenses (including repair and maintenance)
              arising on rental-earning investment properties                                                               434                   525
            Fair value (gains)/losses on financial assets at fair value
              through profit or loss, net                                                                                   (369)                126*
            Fair value losses on investment properties*                                         13                        20,669              10,126


            *       These items are included in “Other expenses, net” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

            **      These items are included in “Cost of sales” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

            ***     At 31 December 2024, the Group had no forfeited contributions available to reduce its contributions to the pension schemes in future
                    years (2023: Nil).




112   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




7.     FINANCE COSTS
       An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

                                                                                                               2024                     2023
                                                                                                            HK$’000                   HK$’000

       Interest on lease liabilities                                                                              115                       163


8.     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
       Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Rules Governing the Listing of
       Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”), section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies
       Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                                               2024                     2023
                                                                                                            HK$’000                   HK$’000

       Fees                                                                                                       540                       497

       Other emoluments:
         Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                              2,048                     3,218
         Performance related bonuses*                                                                           1,107                     1,414
         Pension scheme contributions                                                                             142                       183

       Subtotal                                                                                                 3,297                     4,815

       Total                                                                                                    3,837                     5,312


       *       Certain executive directors of the Company are entitled to bonus payments which are determined with reference to the performance of
               the Group’s operations.


       (a)     Independent non-executive directors
               The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

                                                                                                               2024                     2023
                                                                                                            HK$’000                   HK$’000

               Mr Chan Chung Kik, Lewis                                                                           180                       180
               Mr Lau Ka Wing                                                                                       –                        38
               Mr Lai Nga Ming                                                                                    180                       180
               Mr Chak Chi Shing                                                                                  180                        99

               Total                                                                                              540                       497


               There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year (2023: Nil).




Annual Report 2024                                                                                               FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED            113
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      8.    DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (continued)
            (b)    Executive directors

                                                                              Salaries,
                                                                           allowances       Performance            Pension
                                                                          and benefits            related           scheme             Total
                                                               Fees            in kind          bonuses       contributions     remuneration
                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000


                   2024
                   Mr Shao Xing#                                     –           1,159                  –                 71             1,230
                   Mr Zhang Jian Guo#                                –             889              1,107                 71             2,067
                   Mr Wang Jin Chao                                  –               –                  –                  –                 –
                   Mr Hu Bin1                                        –               –                  –                  –                 –
                   Mr Li Shuo Feng2                                  –               –                  –                  –                 –
                   Mr Qi Zi Xin                                      –               –                  –                  –                 –
                   Ms Wu Jing                                        –               –                  –                  –                 –


                   Total                                             –           2,048              1,107                142             3,297


                   2023
                   Mr. Cheung Shuen Lung3                            –           1,132                  –                 43            1,175
                   Mr. Shao Xing#                                    –           1,182                946                 70            2,198
                   Mr. Zhang Jian Guo                                –             904                468                 70            1,442
                   Mr. Wang Jin Chao4                                –               –                  –                  –                –
                   Mr. Hu Bin                                        –               –                  –                  –                –
                   Mr. Qi Zi Xin                                     –               –                  –                  –                –
                   Ms. Wu Jing                                       –               –                  –                  –                –


                   Total                                             –           3,218             1,414                183             4,815


                   #
                           Mr Shao Xing was the former chief executive officer (“CEO”) of the Group, resigned as the CEO on 17 December 2024. Mr
                           Zhang Jian Guo was appointed as the CEO on 17 December 2024.
                   1
                           Resigned on 10 April 2024
                   2
                           Appointed on 10 April 2024
                   3
                           Resigned on 31 July 2023
                   4
                           Appointed on 31 July 2023


                   There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any
                   remuneration during the year.




114   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                             Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




9.     FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
       The five highest paid employees during the year included two (2023: two) directors, details of whose remuneration are
       set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration of the remaining three (2023: three) highest paid employees who are
       neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                                   2024                  2023
                                                                                                HK$’000                HK$’000


       Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                   3,133                  2,775
       Performance related bonuses                                                                   931                  1,261
       Pension scheme contributions                                                                  219                    210


       Total                                                                                       4,283                  4,246


       The number of non-director and non-chief executive, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following
       band is as follows:

                                                                                                   2024                  2023
                                                                                                HK$’000                HK$’000


       HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                                     3                      3


10. INCOME TAX

                                                                                                   2024                  2023
                                                                                                HK$’000                HK$’000


       Current – Hong Kong
         Overprovision in prior years                                                                 (11)                     –
       Current – Mainland China
         Charge for the year                                                                            6                     9
         Underprovision in prior years                                                                  2                     6
       Deferred (note 26)                                                                          (1,581)               (1,724)


       Total tax credit for the year                                                               (1,584)               (1,709)


       Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2023: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits arising
       in Hong Kong during the year, except for the first HK$2,000,000 of assessable profits for Founder Electronics (HK)
       Limited which is taxed at the rate of 8.25% as Founder Electronics (HK) Limited elects the two-tiered profits tax rates in
       2024 and 2023.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                  FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        115
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      10. INCOME TAX (continued)
            Taxes on profits assessable in Mainland China have been calculated at the statutory PRC corporate income tax (“CIT”)
            rate of 25%. Certain subsidiaries of the Group are entitled to preferential tax treatments of reduction in the CIT rate to
            15% or 5%.

            The share of tax attributable to associates amounting to HK$33 (2023: negative HK$34,000) is included in “Share of
            profits/(losses) of associates” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

            A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rates for the jurisdictions in which the
            Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled and/or operate to the tax expense at the effective tax rates,
            and a reconciliation of the applicable rates (i.e., the statutory tax rates) to the effective tax rates are as follows:

                                                                          2024                                   2023
                                                                    HK$’000                     %          HK$’000                      %


            Profit before tax                                         46,272                                 58,047


            Tax at the statutory tax rate                             13,806                29.8             16,456                 28.3
            Lower tax rate for specific provinces or
               enacted by local authority                              (7,206)              (15.6)           (8,215)                (14.2)
            Adjustments in respect of current tax of
               previous periods                                             (9)                  –                 6                     –
            Effect on changes in tax rates                              (848)                 (1.8)            (686)                  (1.2)
            (Profits)/losses attributable to associates                   (34)                (0.1)               52                   0.1
            Income not subject to tax                                   (335)                 (0.7)            (429)                  (0.7)
            Expenses not deductible for tax                            4,637                 10.0             3,552                    6.1
            Research and development super deduction                 (22,407)               (48.4)          (23,768)                (40.9)
            Tax losses utilised from previous periods                       (2)                  –               (21)                    –
            Temporary difference not recognised                            16                    –            2,107                    3.6
            Tax losses not recognised                                 10,798                 23.3             9,237                  15.9


            Tax credit at the Group’s effective rate                   (1,584)               (3.4)           (1,709)                 (2.9)


      11. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE
          PARENT
            The calculation of the basic earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity
            holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 1,199,746,993 (2023: 1,199,746,993)
            outstanding during the year.

            The Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares outstanding during the years ended 31 December 2024 and
            2023.




116   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                          Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
       31 December 2024

                                                                        Furniture,
                                                                          fixtures    Machinery
                                            Land and     Leasehold     and office           and           Motor
                                            buildings improvements     equipment      equipment         vehicles       Total
                                            HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


       At 1 January 2024
         Cost or valuation                  232,080         20,790        44,699          5,090           5,366      308,025
         Accumulated depreciation                 –        (17,932)      (40,261)        (2,917)         (5,017)      (66,127)


       Net carrying amount                  232,080         2,858          4,438         2,173              349      241,898


       At 1 January 2024, net of
         accumulated depreciation           232,080         2,858          4,438         2,173              349      241,898
       Additions                                  –             –          2,072            10                –        2,082
       Transfers from inventory                   –             –            394             –                –          394
       Disposals                                  –             –              (3)           –                –            (3)
       Transfers to investment properties
         (note 13)                           (35,456)             –              –            –               –      (35,456)
       Deficit on revaluation                (10,971)             –              –            –               –      (10,971)
       Depreciation provided during the
         year (note 6)                        (7,933)       (1,218)        (2,981)         (599)            (55)     (12,786)
       Exchange realignment                   (3,033)           (38)           (48)          (37)             (7)      (3,163)


       At 31 December 2024, net of
         accumulated depreciation           174,687         1,602          3,872         1,547              287      181,995


       At 31 December 2024
         Cost or valuation                  174,687         20,602        40,536          4,991           3,562      244,378
         Accumulated depreciation                 –        (19,000)      (36,664)        (3,444)         (3,275)      (62,383)


       Net carrying amount                  174,687         1,602          3,872         1,547              287      181,995




Annual Report 2024                                                                                  FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED     117
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
            31 December 2023

                                                                             Furniture,
                                                                               fixtures   Machinery
                                               Land and        Leasehold    and office         and        Motor
                                                buildings   improvements    equipment     equipment     vehicles         Total
                                               HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000


            At 1 January 2023
               Cost or valuation               240,911           20,961       44,483         7,213        5,702      319,270
               Accumulated depreciation              –          (15,390)     (38,567)       (3,918)      (5,083)      (62,958)


            Net carrying amount                240,911            5,571        5,916         3,295         619       256,312


            At 1 January 2023, net of
               accumulated depreciation        240,911            5,571        5,916         3,295         619       256,312
            Additions                                –              209        2,212            10           –          2,431
            Transfers from inventory                 –                –             –        3,890           –          3,890
            Disposals                                –                –            (2)           –           –              (2)
            Transfers to inventory                   –                –             –       (4,250)          –         (4,250)
            Surplus on revaluation               2,799                –             –            –           –          2,799
            Depreciation provided during the
               year (note 6)                     (9,065)         (2,875)       (3,615)        (732)        (263)      (16,550)
            Exchange realignment                 (2,565)             (47)          (73)         (40)          (7)       (2,732)


            At 31 December 2023, net of
               accumulated depreciation        232,080            2,858        4,438         2,173         349       241,898


            At 31 December 2023
              Cost or valuation                232,080           20,790       44,699         5,090        5,366      308,025
              Accumulated depreciation               –          (17,932)     (40,261)       (2,917)      (5,017)      (66,127)


            Net carrying amount                232,080            2,858        4,438         2,173         349       241,898




118   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                              Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
       The Group’s land and buildings consist of one residential property and one commercial property in the PRC and certain
       commercial properties and car parking spaces in Hong Kong. The directors of the Company have determined that the
       land and buildings consist of three classes of asset, i.e., commercial properties, residential property and car parking
       spaces, based on the nature, characteristics and risks of each property. The Group’s land and buildings were revalued
       on 31 December 2024 and 2023 based on valuations performed by LCH (Asia-Pacific) Surveyors Limited, independent
       professionally qualified valuers, at HK$174,687,000 and HK$232,080,000, respectively. Each year, the Group’s
       management decides to appoint which external valuer to be responsible for the external valuations of the Group’s land
       and buildings. Selection criteria include market knowledge, reputation, independence and whether professional standards
       are maintained. The Group’s management has discussions with the valuer on the valuation assumptions and valuation
       results when the valuation is performed for annual financial reporting.

       Had these land and buildings been carried at historical cost less accumulated depreciation, their carrying amount would
       have been approximately HK$12,263,000 (2023: HK$14,550,000).

       At 31 December 2024 and 2023, none of the Group’s land and buildings was pledged to secure general banking
       facilities granted to the Group.

       Fair value hierarchy
       The following table illustrates the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s land and buildings:

                                                                      Fair value measurement
                                                                   as at 31 December 2024 using

                                                                 Quoted         Significant        Significant
                                                               prices in        observable       unobservable
                                                         active markets               inputs             inputs
                                                                (Level 1)          (Level 2)          (Level 3)         Total
                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000


       Recurring fair value measurement for:
       Commercial properties                                           –                   –           41,120          41,120
       Residential properties                                          –                   –          132,147         132,147
       Car parking spaces                                              –                   –            1,420           1,420


       Total                                                           –                   –          174,687         174,687




Annual Report 2024                                                                                    FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED   119
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
            Fair value hierarchy (continued)

                                                                             Fair value measurement
                                                                         as at 31 December 2023 using

                                                                      Quoted          Significant        Significant
                                                                     prices in        observable       unobservable
                                                               active markets              inputs             inputs
                                                                     (Level 1)          (Level 2)          (Level 3)               Total
                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000              HK$’000


            Recurring fair value measurement for:
            Commercial properties                                            –                  –           48,621              48,621
            Residential properties                                           –                  –          179,429             179,429
            Car parking spaces                                               –                  –            4,030               4,030


            Total                                                            –                  –          232,080             232,080


            During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or
            out of Level 3 (2023: Nil).

            Reconciliation of fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                             Commercial              Residential            Car parking
                                                                              properties              properties                 spaces
                                                                               HK$’000                 HK$’000                HK$’000


            Carrying amount at 31 December 2022                                  54,190                182,591                    4,130
            Net (losses)/gains from a fair value adjustment
              recognised in other comprehensive income                            (3,401)                 6,135                      65
            Depreciation provided during the year                                 (2,168)                (6,732)                   (165)
            Exchange realignment                                                       –                 (2,565)                      –


            Carrying amount at 31 December 2023 and
              1 January 2024                                                      48,621                179,429                   4,030
            Net loss from a fair value adjustment recognised in
              other comprehensive income                                          (5,474)                 (4,985)                   (512)
            Transfers to investment properties                                         –                (33,441)                  (2,015)
            Depreciation provided during the year                                 (2,027)                 (5,823)                     (83)
            Exchange realignment                                                       –                  (3,033)                       –


            Carrying amount at 31 December 2024                                   41,120                132,147                   1,420




120   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                         Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
       Fair value hierarchy (continued)
       Below is a summary of the valuation techniques used and the key inputs to the valuation of land and buildings:

                                                                                                         Range
                                  Valuation              Significant
                                  techniques             unobservable inputs                         2024                   2023


       Commercial properties      Market approach        Adjustment on market unit       -35.9% to -4.9%          -25.3% to 0.8%
                                                           price (per sq.m.)

       Residential properties     Market approach        Adjustment on market unit        -46% to -13.6%         -29.9% to -11.0%
                                                           price (per sq.m.)

                                  Income approach        Adjustment on market           -17.0% to -13.0%          -12.0% to -8.0%
                                                           rental (per sq.m. and
                                                           per month)
                                                         Adopted yield                      1.6% to 2.0%                    1.7%

       Car parking spaces         Market approach        Adjustment on market unit         -8.8% to -1.0%           -11.7% to 5%
                                                           price (per sq.m.)

       Under the market approach, fair value is estimated based on the unit prices of comparable properties with certain
       adjustments made to reflect the differences in location, neighbourhood, environment, facilities, etc. Comparable properties
       of similar size, character and location are analysed and carefully weighed against all the respective advantages and
       disadvantages of each property in order to arrive at a fair comparison of capital values. Physical, locational and
       economical characteristics are important criteria to be analysed when comparing such comparable properties against the
       subject properties.

       The adjustment on the market unit price is determined by referring to the differences of the subject properties against
       the comparable properties in terms of time, building facilities, floor, view, size, loading and the listing nature of the
       comparable properties.

       A significant increase/(decrease) in the unit price of comparable properties in isolation would result in a significant
       increase/(decrease) in the fair value of the land and buildings. A significant increase/(decrease) in a positive adjustment
       or a significant decrease/(increase) in a negative adjustment on the unit price would result in a significant increase/
       (decrease) in the fair value of the land and buildings.

       Under the income approach, fair value is estimated by capitalising the adjusted market rental income at an adjusted
       market capitalisation rate. Market rental and the market capitalisation rate are determined by making reference to market
       listing prices and rentals of comparable properties.

       The adjustment on market rental is determined by referring to the differences of the subject property against the
       comparable properties in terms of building facilities, size, floor and the listing nature of the comparable properties. The
       adjustment on the market capitalisation rate is determined by referring to the class of comparable properties.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        121
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
            Fair value hierarchy (continued)
            A significant increase/(decrease) in market rental in isolation would result in a significant increase/(decrease) in the fair
            value of the land and buildings. A significant increase/(decrease) in a positive adjustment or a significant decrease/
            (increase) in a negative adjustment on market rental would result in a significant increase/(decrease) in the fair value of
            the land and buildings. A significant increase/(decrease) in the capitalisation rate in isolation would result in a significant
            decrease/(increase) in the fair value of the land and buildings. A significant increase/(decrease) in the adjustment to the
            capitalisation rate in isolation would result in a significant decrease/(increase) in the fair value of the land and buildings.


      13. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                                            2024                  2023
                                                                                                         HK$’000                HK$’000


            Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                 128,680                138,914
            Net losses from a fair value adjustment                                                       (20,669)               (10,126)
            Transfers from owner-occupied property (note 12)                                               35,456                      –
            Exchange realignment                                                                             (859)                  (108)


            Carrying amount at 31 December                                                               142,608                128,680


            The Group’s investment properties consist of certain commercial properties, residential properties and car parking spaces
            in Hong Kong and one commercial property and two residential properties in the PRC. The directors of the Company
            have determined that the investment properties consist of three classes of asset, i.e., commercial, residential and car
            parking spaces, based on the nature, characteristics and risks of each property. The Group’s investment properties were
            revalued on 31 December 2024 and 2023 based on valuations performed by LCH (Asia-Pacific) Surveyors Limited,
            independent professionally qualified valuers, at HK$142,608,000 and HK$128,680,000, respectively. Each year, the
            Group’s management decides to appoint which external valuer to be responsible for the external valuations of the Group’s
            investment properties. Selection criteria include market knowledge, reputation, independence and whether professional
            standards are maintained. The Group’s management has discussions with the valuer on the valuation assumptions and
            valuation results when the valuation is performed for annual financial reporting.

            The investment properties are leased to third parties under operating leases, further details of which are included in note
            14 to the financial statements.

            At 31 December 2024, none of the Group’s investment properties was pledged.

            Further particulars of the Group’s investment properties are included on pages 158 to 159 of the annual report.




122   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                         Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




13. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
       Fair value hierarchy
       The following table illustrates the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s investment properties:

                                                                       Fair value measurement
                                                                    as at 31 December 2024 using

                                                                  Quoted         Significant        Significant
                                                                prices in        observable       unobservable
                                                          active markets               inputs             inputs
                                                                 (Level 1)          (Level 2)          (Level 3)         Total
                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000


       Recurring fair value measurement for:
       Commercial properties                                            –                  –            88,427          88,427
       Residential properties                                           –                  –            48,851          48,851
       Car parking spaces                                               –                  –             5,330           5,330


       Total                                                            –                  –           142,608         142,608


                                                                        Fair value measurement
                                                                    as at 31 December 2023 using

                                                                  Quoted         Significant         Significant
                                                                 prices in       observable        unobservable
                                                           active markets             inputs              inputs
                                                                 (Level 1)         (Level 2)           (Level 3)          Total
                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000             HK$’000         HK$’000


       Recurring fair value measurement for:
       Commercial properties                                            –                  –          103,804         103,804
       Residential properties                                           –                  –           20,026          20,026
       Car parking spaces                                               –                  –            4,850           4,850


       Total                                                            –                  –          128,680         128,680


       During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or
       out of Level 3 (2023: Nil).




Annual Report 2024                                                                                     FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED   123
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      13. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
            Fair value hierarchy (continued)
            Reconciliation of fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                             Commercial              Residential               Industrial
                                                                              properties              properties                property
                                                                               HK$’000                 HK$’000                 HK$’000


            Carrying amount at 1 January 2023                                   112,492                  21,382                   5,040
            Net losses from a fair value adjustment recognised in
              profit or loss                                                      (8,590)                (1,346)                   (190)
            Exchange realignment                                                      (98)                   (10)                     –


            Carrying amount at 31 December 2023 and
              1 January 2024                                                    103,804                  20,026                   4,850
            Net losses from a fair value adjustment recognised in
              profit or loss                                                     (15,246)                 (3,888)                (1,535)
            Transfer from an owner-occupied property                                   –                 33,441                   2,015
            Exchange realignment                                                    (131)                   (728)                     –


            Carrying amount at 31 December 2024                                   88,427                 48,851                   5,330


            Below is a summary of the valuation techniques used and the key inputs to the valuation of investment properties:

                                                                                                                Range
                                        Valuation              Significant
                                        techniques             unobservable inputs                          2024                   2023

            Commercial properties       Income approach        Adjustment on market unit       -50.8% to -4.9%           -25.3% to 0.8%
                                                                 price (per sq.m.)
                                                               Adopted yield                       3.8% to 9.2%            2.2% to 5.2%

                                        Market approach        Adjustment on market unit                                -49.8% to -44.8%
                                                                 price (per sq.m.)

            Residential properties      Income approach        Adjustment on market unit       -29.6% to -0.1%           -10.1% to 3.5%
                                                                 price (per sq.m.)
                                                               Adopted yield                       1.6% to 3.1%            2.5% to 2.7%

                                        Market approach        Adjustment on market unit                                 -44.1% to 0.6%
                                                                 price (per sq.m.)

            Car parking spaces          Income approach        Adjustment on market unit       -18.1% to -1.0%               -7.0% to 0%
                                                                 price (per sq.m.)
                                                               Adopted yield                       2.8% to 3.8%            2.5% to 3.2%




124   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                      Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




13. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
       Fair value hierarchy (continued)
       Under the income approach, fair value is estimated by capitalising the current rental income and the reversionary value of
       the properties after tenancies expire and by referring to market sales transactions after making relevant adjustments.

       The adjustment on the market unit price is determined by referring to the differences of the subject properties against
       the comparable properties in terms of time, size, view, floor and floor loading. The yields adopted are determined
       by referring to the current yields of the subject properties and the market yields published by the Rating and Valuation
       Department regarding the respective property types.

       A significant increase/(decrease) in the market unit price in isolation would result in a significant increase/(decrease)
       in the fair value of the investment properties. A significant increase/(decrease) in a positive adjustment or a significant
       decrease/(increase) in a negative adjustment on the market unit price would result in a significant increase/(decrease)
       in the fair value of the investment properties. A significant increase/(decrease) in the yield in isolation would result in a
       significant decrease/(increase) in the fair value of the investment properties.

       Under the market approach, fair value is estimated based on the unit prices of comparable properties with certain
       adjustments made to reflect the differences in location, neighbourhood, environment, facilities, etc. Comparable properties
       of similar size, character and location are analysed and carefully weighed against all the respective advantages and
       disadvantages of each property in order to arrive at a fair comparison of capital values. Physical, locational and
       economical characteristics are important criteria to be analysed when comparing such comparable properties against the
       subject properties.

       The adjustment on the market unit price is determined by referring to the differences of the subject properties against
       the comparable properties in terms of time, building facilities, floor, view, size, loading and the listing nature of the
       comparable properties.

       A significant increase/(decrease) in the unit price of comparable properties in isolation would result in a significant
       increase/(decrease) in the fair value of the investment properties. A significant increase/(decrease) in a positive
       adjustment or a significant decrease/(increase) in a negative adjustment on the unit price would result in a significant
       increase/(decrease) in the fair value of the investment properties.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                     FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        125
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      14. LEASES
            The Group as a lessee
            The Group leases certain of its offices and warehouse properties under operating lease arrangements, which are
            negotiated for terms ranging from six months to three years.

            (a)    Right-of-use assets
                   The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                             2024                 2023
                                                                                                          HK$’000               HK$’000


                   Carrying amount at 1 January                                                               3,670                4,610
                   Additions                                                                                    585                2,537
                   Depreciation charge                                                                       (2,544)              (3,420)
                   Exchange realignment                                                                          (49)                 (57)


                   Carrying amount at 31 December                                                            1,662                 3,670


            (b)    Lease liabilities
                   The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                             2024                 2023
                                                                                                          HK$’000               HK$’000


                   Carrying amount at 1 January                                                               3,425                4,348
                   New leases                                                                                   585                2,402
                   Accretion of interest recognised during the year                                             115                  163
                   Payments                                                                                  (2,428)              (3,431)
                   Exchange realignment                                                                          (47)                 (57)


                   Carrying amount at 31 December                                                            1,650                 3,425


                   Analysed into:
                   Current portion                                                                           1,110                 2,152
                   Non-current portion                                                                         540                 1,273


                   The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 36 to the financial statements.




126   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                          Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




14. LEASES (continued)
       The Group as a lessee (continued)
       (c)     The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                                   2024              2023
                                                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000


               Interest on lease liabilities                                                        115                 163
               Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                         2,544               3,420
               Expense relating to short-term leases                                             20,690              21,492


               Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                         23,349              25,075


       (d)     The total cash outflow for leases and future cash outflows relating to leases that have not yet commenced are
               disclosed in notes 30 and 32, respectively, to the financial statements.

       (e)     The Group has no termination options expected to be exercised.

       The Group as a lessor
       The Group leases its investment properties (note 13) under operating lease arrangements. The terms of the leases
       generally also require the tenants to pay security deposits. Rental income recognised by the Group during the year was
       HK$5,603,000 (2023: HK$4,785,000), details of which are included in note 5 to the financial statements.

       At 31 December 2024 and 2023, the undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in future periods under
       non-cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:

                                                                                                   2024              2023
                                                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000


       Within one year                                                                            5,003               4,538
       After one year but within two years                                                        3,211               3,230


       Total                                                                                      8,214               7,768




Annual Report 2024                                                                                 FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED     127
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      15. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                        2024                  2023
                                                                                                     HK$’000                HK$’000


            Share of net assets                                                                         2,160                  2,206
            Due from associates                                                                            31                     31


            Total                                                                                       2,191                  2,237


            The amounts due from associates are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. In the opinion of the Company’s
            directors, the amounts due from associates are unlikely to be repaid in the foreseeable future and are considered as part
            of the Group’s net investments in the associates. There was no recent history of default and past due amounts for loans to
            associates. As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the loss allowance was assessed to be minimal.

            The Group’s shareholdings in the associates are held through certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company.

            The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that are not individually
            material:

                                                                                                        2024                  2023
                                                                                                     HK$’000                HK$’000


            Share of the associates’ profits/(losses) for the year                                         170                  (261)
            Share of the associates’ other comprehensive (loss)/income                                    (216)                   32


            Share of the associates’ total comprehensive losses                                            (46)                 (229)
            Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the associates                      2,191                  2,237




128   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                     Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




16. EQUITY INVESTMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME

                                                                                                2024                 2023
                                                                                             HK$’000               HK$’000


       Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
       Listed equity investments, at fair value
          PUC Berhad                                                                              484                   420


       The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at fair value through other comprehensive income as the Group
       considers these investments to be strategic in nature.

       During the year ended 31 December 2024, the gross income in respect of the Group’s equity investments at fair value
       through other comprehensive income recognised in other comprehensive income amounted to HK$64,000 (2023:
       HK$37,000).


17. INVENTORIES

                                                                                                2024                 2023
                                                                                             HK$’000               HK$’000


       Finished goods                                                                          60,699                75,539
       Work in progress                                                                        13,243                14,372


       Total                                                                                   73,942                89,911


18. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                2024                 2023
                                                                                             HK$’000               HK$’000


       Trade receivables                                                                      184,202              206,346
       Bills receivable                                                                         14,743               13,081
       Impairment                                                                              (44,724)             (37,529)


       Net carrying amount                                                                    154,221              181,898




Annual Report 2024                                                                               FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED       129
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      18. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)
            The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit, except for new customers, where payment in advance is
            normally required. Payment is generally due within 90 days from the invoice date. Each customer has a maximum credit
            limit. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly
            by senior management. In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large
            number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any collateral
            or other credit enhancements over its trade and bills receivable balances. Trade and bills receivables are non-interest-
            bearing.

            Included in the Group’s trade and bills receivables are amounts due from Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China,
            Ltd., a substantial shareholder of the Company, and its subsidiaries (“Ping An Group”) of HK$220,000 (2023: due
            from New Founder Holdings Development Co., Ltd. (“New Founder”) and its subsidiaries (“New Founder Group”) of
            HK$296,000), which are repayable on credit terms similar to those offered to the major customers of the Group.

            An ageing analysis of the trade receivables, based on the invoice date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                                          2024                   2023
                                                                                                       HK$’000                 HK$’000


            Within 6 months                                                                              92,597                122,912
            7 to 12 months                                                                               14,228                 19,373
            13 to 24 months                                                                              25,852                 22,136
            Over 24 months                                                                                6,801                  4,396


            Total                                                                                       139,478                168,817


            The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                          2024                   2023
                                                                                                       HK$’000                 HK$’000


            At beginning of year                                                                         37,529                 43,509
            Impairment losses, net (note 6)                                                               8,566                  7,326
            Amount written off as uncollectible                                                            (442)               (12,526)
            Exchange realignment                                                                           (929)                  (780)


            At end of year                                                                               44,724                 37,529




130   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                        Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




18. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)
       An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected credit losses.
       The provision rates are based on the ageing of groupings of various customer segments with similar loss patterns. The
       calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the
       reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. The increase in the net
       loss allowance of HK$7,195,000 was a result of the increase in credit risk exposure of age groups. The individually
       impaired trade receivables are related to customers that were credit-impaired or in default of payments and no receivable is
       expected to be recovered.

       Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables:

       As at 31 December 2024

                                                                                  Ageing

                                                           Less than        7 to 12        13 to 24        Over 24
                                                           6 months         months          months          months           Total


       Impairment of credit loss assessed by credit
         risk portfolio

       Expected credit loss rate                              3.14%         11.86%         30.00%          79.60%         23.37%
       Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)                       95,603         16,143         36,930          33,333        182,009
       Expected credit losses (HK$’000)                       3,006          1,915         11,078          26,532         42,531

       Impairment of credit loss assessed individually

       Expected credit loss rate                              100%            100%           100%            100%           100%
       Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)                           –               –              –            2,193          2,193
       Expected credit losses (HK$’000)                          –               –              –            2,193          2,193




Annual Report 2024                                                                                    FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        131
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      18. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)
            As at 31 December 2023

                                                                                     Ageing

                                                               Less than       7 to 12        13 to 24       Over 24
                                                               6 months         months          months        months            Total


            Impairment of credit loss assessed by credit
              risk portfolio

            Expected credit loss rate                           2.72%          10.91%         25.92%         82.04%         16.62%
            Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)                   126,354          21,746         29,882         24,474        202,456
            Expected credit losses (HK$’000)                    3,442           2,373          7,746         20,078         33,639

            Impairment of credit loss assessed individually

            Expected credit loss rate                             100%           100%           100%           100%           100%
            Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)                          –              –              –           3,890          3,890
            Expected credit losses (HK$’000)                         –              –              –           3,890          3,890

            Transferred financial assets that are derecognised in their entirety
            At 31 December 2024 and 2023, none of the bills receivable accepted by banks in Mainland China (the “Derecognised
            Bills”) was endorsed by the Group.

            During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has not recognised any gain or loss on the date of transfer of the
            Derecognised Bills. No gains or losses were recognised from the right of recourse held by the holders of the Derecognised
            Bills against the Group if the PRC banks default, both during the year or cumulatively. The endorsement has been made
            evenly throughout the year.




132   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                    Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




19. CONTRACT ASSETS

                                                                                                    2024                  2023
                                                                                                 HK$’000                HK$’000


       Contract assets arising from:
         Sale of software, hardware and system integration                                         18,721                16,545
       Impairment                                                                                   (1,320)                (842)


       Net carrying amount                                                                         17,401                15,703


       Contract assets are initially recognised for revenue earned from the sale of software, hardware and system integration as
       the receipt of consideration is conditional on successful delivery of goods or completion of services. Included in contract
       assets for the sale of software, hardware and system integration comprised retention receivables. Upon delivery of
       goods or services and acceptance by the customer, the amounts recognised as contract assets are reclassified to trade
       receivables. The increase in contract assets in 2024 was the result of increased percentage of retention terms in the sales
       contracts this year.

       The expected timing of recovery or settlement for contract assets as at 31 December is as follows:

                                                                                                    2024                  2023
                                                                                                 HK$’000                HK$’000


       Within one year                                                                             15,269                12,903
       After one year                                                                               3,452                 3,642


       Total contract assets                                                                       18,721                16,545


       The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of contract assets are as follows:

                                                                                                    2024                  2023
                                                                                                 HK$’000                HK$’000


       At beginning of year                                                                           842                    259
       Impairment losses, net (note 6)                                                                504                    455
       Exchange realignment                                                                            (26)                  128


       At end of year                                                                               1,320                    842




Annual Report 2024                                                                                   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        133
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      19. CONTRACT ASSETS (continued)
            An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected credit losses.
            The provision rates for the measurement of the expected credit losses of the contract assets are based on those of the
            trade receivables as the contract assets and the trade receivables are from the same customer bases. The provision rates
            of contract assets are based on the ageing of trade receivables for groupings of various customer segments with similar
            loss patterns. The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome and reasonable and supportable information that
            is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. The
            individually impaired contract assets are related to customers that were credit-impaired or in default of payments and no
            receivable is expected to be recovered.

            Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s contract assets using a provision matrix:

                                                                                                           2024                   2023


            Expected credit loss rate                                                                        7%                     5%
            Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)                                                              18,721                 16,545
            Expected credit losses (HK$’000)                                                              1,320                    842


      20. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                                                       HK$’000                HK$’000


            Prepayments                                                                                  25,410                22,870
            Deposits and other receivables                                                               39,111                31,193
            Loan receivables (Note)                                                                           –               281,007


            Subtotal                                                                                     64,521               335,070
            Impairment allowance
              – Deposits and other receivables                                                            (7,182)                (6,885)
              – Loan receivables (Note)                                                                        –              (281,007)


            Net carrying amount                                                                          57,339                 47,178




134   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                       Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




20. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
       The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of deposits, other receivables and loan receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                                       2024                      2023
                                                                                           Note                     HK$’000                    HK$’000

       At beginning of year                                                                                         287,892                    292,319
       (Reversal of impairment)/impairment losses recognised                                 6                        (9,012)                        12
       Amount written off as uncollectible                                                                         (265,680)                       (262)
       Exchange realignment                                                                                           (6,018)                    (4,177)

       At end of year                                                                                                   7,182                  287,892


       Deposits and other receivables mainly represent rental deposits and deposits with customers. Expected credit losses are
       estimated by applying a loss rate approach with reference to the historical loss record of the Group. The loss rate is
       adjusted to reflect the current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions, as appropriate.

       As of 31 December 2024, the Group’s other receivables did not include any amounts due from New Founder Group
       (2023: HK$71,000).

       Note:    As at 31 December 2019, an entrusted loan receivable in a principal amount of RMB370,000,000 (approximately HK$412,180,000)
                and related interest of RMB5,591,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$6,228,000) (collectively the “Outstanding Entrusted Loan”)
                were receivable from 北大方正集團有限公司 (Peking University Founder Group Company Limited*) (“Peking Founder”). On 18 February
                2020, the Company received a notification letter from Peking Founder, regarding a notice received by Peking Founder from The First
                Intermediate People’s Court of Beijing (the “Court”). According to such notice, Bank of Beijing Co., Ltd. applied to the Court for a
                restructuring of Peking Founder. On 19 February 2020, according to the civil order and decision letter received by Peking Founder from
                the Court, the Court decided to accept the application made by Bank of Beijing Co., Ltd. for the initiation of restructuring procedure
                against Peking Founder and appointed Peking Founder’s liquidation team as the administrator of Peking Founder. On 3 March 2020,
                the Company declared that the Outstanding Entrusted Loan became due. According to the relevant laws and regulations about judicial
                restructuring, Peking Founder is not allowed to settle individual debts during the restructuring period, including the Outstanding Entrusted
                Loan. Considering the deterioration of financial condition and repayment ability of Peking Founder and the possibility of recovering the
                balances, management of the Company determined that the recoverability was remote. Therefore, a full provision for impairment was
                made on the Outstanding Entrusted Loan in 2019.

                According to the restructuring proposal (the “Proposal”) of Peking University Founder Group Company Limited, Peking University Founder
                Information Industry Group Co., Ltd., Founder Industry Holdings Co., Ltd., Peking University Healthcare Industry Group Co., Ltd., and
                Peking University Resource Group Limited (collectively “the Five Companies including Peking Founder”), among the equity assets, debt
                assets and other assets that the Five Companies including Peking Founder have the right to dispose, the majority were used to set up
                New Founder and its six subordinate business platform companies. The equity interest of New Founder was transferred to Ping An Life
                Insurance Company of China, Ltd and other new shareholders. The equity interest of the Company originally indirectly held by Peking
                Founder was transferred to and is held indirectly by Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd and other new shareholders.

                Under the Proposal, the entrusted loans lent to Peking Founder were settled on 11 March 2022 as to the amount of RMB993,000
                (equivalent to approximately HK$1,159,000) and, on 28 December 2022 as to the amount of RMB119,778,000 (equivalent to
                approximately HK$139,756,000). The provision for impairment of RMB120,771,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$140,915,000)
                was reversed in 2022. The entrusted loans lent to Peking Founder were further settled on 5 July 2024 as to the amount of approximately
                RMB8,890,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$9,601,000). The provision for impairment of RMB8,890,000 (equivalent to
                approximately HK$9,601,000) was reversed in 2024. As of the date of approval of these financial statements, all the cash settlement
                amounts stipulated in the Proposal have been received.

                As at 31 December 2024, the restructuring of Peking Founder was nearly completed and the recoverability of the remaining Outstanding
                Entrusted Loan was very low, management of the Company considered the write-off of the remaining provision for impairment.

                As at 31 December 2024, the principal was nil (2023: amounted to RMB249,229,000, equivalent to approximately
                HK$275,025,000) and related interest was nil (2023: amounted to RMB5,591,000, equivalent to approximately HK$6,170,000).

       *   For identification purpose only

Annual Report 2024                                                                                                       FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED              135
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      21. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                                                       HK$’000                HK$’000


            Listed equity investments, at market value                                                    1,237                    920
            Listed derivative investments, at market value                                                    –                     26


            Total                                                                                         1,237                    946


            The above equity investments at 31 December 2024 were classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as
            they were held for trading.


      22. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED DEPOSITS

                                                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                                                       HK$’000                HK$’000


            Cash and bank balances                                                                     218,793                653,775
            Time deposits                                                                              592,611                100,101


            Subtotal                                                                                   811,404                753,876
            Less: Pledged time deposits:
              Pledged for long term letters of guarantee                                                   (722)                (1,742)
              Pledged for short term letters of guarantee                                                (5,254)                (3,113)


            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  805,428                749,021


            At the end of the reporting period, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group denominated in Renminbi (“RMB”)
            amounted to approximately HK$705,275,000 (2023: HK$644,791,000). The RMB is not freely convertible into other
            currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement,
            Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through
            banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.

            Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short term time deposits are made for
            varying periods of between seven days and six months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group, and
            earn interest at the respective short term time deposit rates. The bank balances and pledged deposits are deposited with
            creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.




136   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                       Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




23. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
       An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date or
       bills payment date, is as follows:

                                                                                                  2024                2023
                                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000

       Within 6 months                                                                           42,521              44,699
       7 to 12 months                                                                             4,516              12,601
       13 to 24 months                                                                            8,809               2,741
       Over 24 months                                                                             2,507               3,361

       Total                                                                                     58,353              63,402


       Included in the Group’s trade and bills payables are amounts due to New Founder Group of approximately
       HK$112,000 (2023: HK$113,000), which are repayable on agreed terms similar to those offered by other third party
       suppliers.

       The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on terms of 30 to 90 days.

24. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
       Details of contract liabilities as at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                                  2024                2023
                                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000

       Sale of software, hardware and system integration                                         48,245              47,965


       Contract liabilities include short-term advances received for delivery of software, hardware and system integration and
       rendering of software development and system integration services and amounts due to contract customers. The amount of
       contract liabilities has remained relatively stable, with no significant fluctuations.

25. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                                  2024                2023
                                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000

       Accrued salaries and bonuses                                                              82,577              96,115
       Subcontracting fee                                                                        55,517              64,225
       Other tax payables                                                                        17,804              19,323
       Deferred revenue                                                                           5,723              14,677
       Others                                                                                    14,191              12,385

       Total                                                                                    175,812             206,725


       Other payables are non-interest-bearing and have an average term of three months.



Annual Report 2024                                                                                 FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED      137
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      26. DEFERRED TAX
            The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                         Losses
                                                                                                  available for
                                                                                    Temporary        offsetting
                                                                                  difference on          future
                                                                   Revaluation    depreciation         taxable
                                                                  of properties   of properties         profits     Others         Total
                                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000


            At 1 January 2023                                         (65,473)         13,622           6,526            –       (45,325)
            Deferred tax credited/(charged) to the statement of
               profit or loss for the year (note 10)                      175           1,597              (35)        (13)       1,724
            Deferred tax charged to other comprehensive income
               during the year                                         (1,534)               –               –           –        (1,534)
            Exchange realignment                                          866             (241)              –           –           625


            At 31 December 2023 and
               1 January 2024                                         (65,966)         14,978           6,491          (13)      (44,510)
            Deferred tax credited/(charged) to the statement of
               profit or loss for the year (note 10)                      798           1,471             (686)         (2)        1,581
            Deferred tax credited to other comprehensive income
               during the year                                          1,812                –               –           –         1,812
            Exchange realignment                                        1,319             (394)              –           –           925


            At 31 December 2024                                       (62,037)         16,055           5,805          (15)      (40,192)


            In 2024 and 2023, the Group evaluated a variety of factors including the Group’s operating history, accumulated tax
            losses, existence of taxable temporary differences, future taxable profit and reversal periods, and made determination that
            no deferred tax assets should be recognized.




138   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                        Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




26. DEFERRED TAX (continued)
       For presentation purposes, at the end of the reporting period, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset
       in the statement of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the Group for financial
       reporting purposes:

                                                                                                     2024                  2023
                                                                                                  HK$’000                HK$’000


       Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of
        financial position                                                                         (40,192)               (44,510)


       Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items:

                                                                                                     2024                  2023
                                                                                                  HK$’000                HK$’000


       Tax losses                                                                                 933,899                857,801
       Deductible temporary differences                                                           107,636                106,787


       Total                                                                                    1,041,535                964,588


       The Group has tax losses arising in Hong Kong of approximately HK$371,977,000 (2023: HK$362,418,000),
       that are available indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses arose.
       As at 31 December 2024, the Group had tax losses arising in Mainland China of HK$561,922,000 (2023:
       HK$495,383,000) that will expire in one to five years for offsetting against future taxable profits. Deferred tax assets
       have not been recognised in respect of these losses and other deductible temporary differences as they have arisen
       in subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be
       available against which the tax losses can be utilised.

       The Group is liable for withholding taxes on dividends distributed by those subsidiaries established in Mainland China in
       respect of earnings generated from 1 January 2008. The applicable rate is 5% or 10% for the Group.

       At 31 December 2024, no deferred tax has been recognised for withholding taxes that would be payable on the
       unremitted earnings that are subject to withholding taxes of the Group’s subsidiaries established in Mainland China.
       In the opinion of the Company’s directors, it is not probable that these subsidiaries will distribute such earnings in
       the foreseeable future. The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries in
       Mainland China for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised totalled approximately HK$652,025,000 at
       31 December 2024 (2023: HK$588,528,000).

       There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of dividends by the Company to its shareholders.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                    FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        139
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      27. SHARE CAPITAL
            Shares

                                                                                                           2024                  2023
                                                                                                        HK$’000                HK$’000


            Authorised:
              2,100,000,000 (2023: 2,100,000,000) ordinary shares
                of HK$0.10 each                                                                         210,000                210,000


            Issued and fully paid:
               1,199,746,993 (2023: 1,199,746,993) ordinary shares
                 of HK$0.10 each                                                                        119,975                119,975


            There were no movements in the Company’s issued share capital during the years ended 31 December 2024 and
            2023.


      28. SHARE OPTION SCHEME
            The Company operates a share option scheme (the “Scheme”) for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to
            eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. Eligible participants of the Scheme include
            the Company’s directors, including independent non-executive directors, senior management, employees of the Group,
            any substantial shareholders or any companies controlled by a substantial shareholder, any one or entity, who in the sole
            opinion of the Board, has contributed or will contribute to the Group or any substantial shareholder. The Scheme became
            effective on 31 May 2016 and, unless otherwise cancelled or amended, will remain in force for 10 years from that
            date. The Scheme shall expire on 30 May 2026, subject to early termination in accordance with the scheme rules (i.e.
            remaining life of the scheme as at the date of this annual report is 1 year and 2 months).

            The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Scheme may not
            in aggregate exceed 119,974,699, being 10% of the shares in issue of the Company as at 31 May 2016, the date
            of adoption of the Scheme. At 31 December 2024, the total number of shares available for issue under the Scheme
            was 119,974,699 shares, which represents 10% of the issued share capital of the Company. The maximum number of
            shares issuable under share options to each eligible participant in the Scheme within any 12-month period is limited to 1%
            of the shares of the Company in issue unless (i) a circular is despatched to the shareholders; (ii) the shareholders approve
            the grant of the share options in excess of the 1% limit referred to in this paragraph; and (iii) the relevant eligible person
            and his associates shall abstain from voting. The number and terms (including the exercise price) of share options to be
            granted to such eligible person(s) must be fixed before shareholders’ approval.

            Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or to any of their associates,
            are subject to approval in advance by the independent non-executive directors. In addition, any share options granted
            to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive director of the Company, or to any of their associates,
            in excess of 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue at any time or with an aggregate value (based on the price
            of the Company’s shares at the date of grant) in excess of HK$5 million, within any 12-month period, are subject to
            shareholders’ approval in advance in a general meeting.




140   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                        Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




28. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
       The offer of a grant of share options may be accepted within 30 days inclusive of the day on which such offer was made,
       upon payment of a nominal consideration of HK$1 in total by the grantee. The exercise period of the share options
       granted is determinable by the directors, and commences on such date or after the date on which the share option is
       granted as the board may determine in granting the share options and expires at the close of business on such date as
       the board may determine in granting the share options but in any event shall not exceed 10 years from the date of grant
       (which is the date of offer of grant if the offer for the grant of the share option is accepted).

       There is no specified minimum period under the Scheme for which a share option must be held or the performance target
       which must be achieved before a share option can be exercised under the terms of the Scheme.

       The exercise price of share options is determinable by the directors, but may not be less than the higher of (i) the Stock
       Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares on the date of offer of the share options; and (ii) the average Stock
       Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of offer.

       Share options do not confer rights on the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholders’ meetings.

       No share options were granted during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 and there were no outstanding
       options as at 31 December 2024 and 2023.


29. RESERVES
       The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are presented in the
       consolidated statement of changes in equity on pages 79 and 80 of the financial statements.

       The Group’s share premium account includes the premium arising from the issue of new shares in prior years, and amount
       transferred from share-based compensation reserve upon exercise of share options in prior years. The application of the
       share premium account is governed by the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda.

       The Group’s contributed surplus represents the excess of the nominal value of the shares and the share premium account of
       Founder HK acquired pursuant to the Group reorganisation on 31 March 2000 over the nominal value of the Company’s
       shares issued in exchange therefor.

       In accordance with the relevant PRC regulations, each of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries is required to transfer not less than
       10% of its profit after tax, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations, to the general
       reserve until such reserve reaches 50% of its registered capital. The quantum of the annual transfer is subject to the
       approval of the board of directors of each PRC subsidiary in accordance with its articles of association.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                    FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED       141
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      30. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
            (a)    Major non-cash transactions
                   During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of HK$585,000
                   (2023: HK$2,402,000) and HK$585,000 (2023: HK$2,402,000), respectively, in respect of lease
                   arrangements for offices and warehouse properties.

            (b)    Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
                   2024

                                                                                                                Lease liabilities
                                                                                                                      HK$’000


                   At 1 January 2024                                                                                      3,425
                   Changes from financing cash flows                                                                     (2,313)
                   New leases                                                                                               585
                   Interest expense                                                                                         115
                   Interest paid classified as operating cash flows                                                        (115)
                   Foreign exchange movement                                                                                 (47)


                   At 31 December 2024                                                                                    1,650


                   2023

                                                                                                                Lease liabilities
                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                   At 1 January 2023                                                                                      4,348
                   Changes from financing cash flows                                                                     (3,268)
                   New leases                                                                                             2,402
                   Interest expense                                                                                         163
                   Interest paid classified as operating cash flows                                                        (163)
                   Foreign exchange movement                                                                                 (57)


                   At 31 December 2023                                                                                   3,425




142   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                               Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




30. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (continued)
       (c)    Total cash outflow for leases
              The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:

                                                                                                      2024                2023
                                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000


              Within operating activities                                                           20,690               62,876
              Within financing activities                                                            2,313                3,268


              Total                                                                                 23,003               66,144


31. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
       At the end of the reporting period, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities (2023: Nil).


32. COMMITMENTS
       (a)    At the end of the reporting period, the Group did not have any significant commitments.

       (b)    The Group has various lease contracts that have not yet commenced as at 31 December 2024. The future lease
              payments for these non-cancellable lease contracts are HK$13,335,000 (2023: HK$14,185,000) due within
              one year, and nil (2023: HK$1,077,000) due in the second to fifth years, inclusive.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                       FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED   143
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      33. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            (I)    Transactions with related parties
                   (a)   In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group had the following
                         material transactions with related parties during the year:

                                                                                                          2024                   2023
                                                                                 Notes                 HK$’000                 HK$’000


                         Sales of goods to New Founder Group                        (i)                    3,341                    323
                         Sales of goods to Ping An Group                            (i)                    2,847                  1,825
                         Purchase of goods from New Founder Group                   (i)                      736                    811
                         Rental expense to New Founder                             (ii)                    6,772                  7,491
                         Rental expense to New Founder Boya                        (ii)                    6,772                      –
                         Management expense to Beida Management                    (iii)                   1,950                  5,069
                         Management expense to New Founder Group                   (iii)                   2,730                      –


                         Notes:

                         (i)      These transactions were conducted with reference to the market price of such products and services
                                  at the relevant time of sales or purchases.

                         (ii)     The expenses were attributable to the lease agreement with New Founder and New Founder Boya
                                  to lease the premises in Beijing at market price.

                         (iii)    The expenses were attributable to the management agreement with Beida Management and New
                                  Founder Group to accept property management services at market price.

                         The above related party transactions for the current year in respect of items (i), (ii) and (iii) also constitute
                         connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

            (II)   Outstanding balances with related parties
                   (a)   Details of the Group’s other receivables and other payables with its related companies as at the end of the
                         reporting period are disclosed in notes 20 and 25 to the financial statements.

                   (b)   Details of the Group’s amounts due from its associates as at the end of the reporting period are included in
                         note 15 to the financial statements.

                   (c)   Details of the Group’s trade balances with its related companies as at the end of the reporting period are
                         disclosed in notes 18 and 23 to the financial statements.




144   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                        Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




33. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
       (III)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group

                                                                                                       2024                  2023
                                                                                                    HK$’000                HK$’000


               Short term employee benefits                                                             3,695                 5,129
               Pension scheme contributions                                                               142                   183


               Total compensation paid to key management personnel                                      3,837                 5,312


               Further details of directors’ and the chief executive’s emoluments are included in note 8 to the financial statements.


34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
       The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as
       follows:

       2024
       Financial assets

                                                           Fair value       Financial        Financial assets at
                                                             through        assets at     fair value through other
                                                             profit or     amortised       comprehensive income
                                                                 loss            cost           Debt          Equity          Total
                                                            HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000


       Equity investments at fair value through other
          comprehensive income                                       –            –                –             484            484
       Contract assets                                               –       17,401                –               –         17,401
       Trade and bills receivables                                   –      139,478           14,743               –        154,221
       Financial assets included in prepayments,
          other receivables and other assets                         –        31,929                –               –        31,929
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or
          loss                                                 1,237              –                 –               –         1,237
       Pledged deposits                                            –          5,976                 –               –         5,976
       Cash and cash equivalents                                   –        805,428                 –               –       805,428


       Total                                                   1,237      1,000,212           14,743             484      1,016,676




Annual Report 2024                                                                                      FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        145
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (continued)
            2024 (continued)
            Financial liabilities – financial liabilities at amortised cost

                                                                                                                             HK$’000


            Trade and bills payables                                                                                           58,353
            Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                                      69,708
            Lease liabilities                                                                                                   1,650


            Total                                                                                                             129,711


            2023
            Financial assets

                                                                  Fair value       Financial      Financial assets at
                                                                    through        assets at   fair value through other
                                                                    profit or     amortised    comprehensive income
                                                                        loss            cost         Debt          Equity        Total
                                                                  HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000


            Equity investments at fair value through other
               comprehensive income                                           –         –            –              420          420
            Contract assets                                                   –    15,703            –                –       15,703
            Trade and bills receivables                                       –   168,817       13,081                –      181,898
            Financial assets included in prepayments,
               other receivables and other assets                             –    24,308               –              –      24,308
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or
               loss                                                     946             –               –              –         946
            Pledged deposits                                              –         4,855               –              –       4,855
            Cash and cash equivalents                                     –       749,021               –              –     749,021


            Total                                                       946       962,704       13,081              420      977,151


            Financial liabilities – financial liabilities at amortised cost

                                                                                                                             HK$’000


            Trade and bills payables                                                                                          63,402
            Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                                     76,610
            Lease liabilities                                                                                                  3,425


            Total                                                                                                            143,437




146   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                       Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
       The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying amounts that
       reasonably approximate to fair value, are as follows:

                                                                    Carrying amounts                             Fair values

                                                                     2024               2023                  2024               2023
                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000              HK$’000             HK$’000


       Financial assets
       Equity investments at fair value through other
          comprehensive income                                         484                 420                  484                 420
       Pledged deposits, non-current portion                           722               1,742                  698               1,686
       Bills receivable                                             14,743              13,081               14,743              13,081
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or
          loss                                                       1,237                  946               1,237                  946


       Total                                                        17,186              16,189               17,162              16,133


       Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, the current portion of pledged deposits,
       trade receivables, trade and bills payables, financial assets included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables and
       financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short
       term maturities of these instruments.

       The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be
       exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.

       The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

       The fair values of the non-current portion of the pledged deposits and bills receivable have been calculated by discounting
       the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining
       maturities. The Group’s own non-performance risk for the non-current portion of the pledged deposits as at 31 December
       2024 was assessed to be insignificant.

       The fair values of listed financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and listed equity investments at fair value through
       other comprehensive income are based on quoted market prices.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                         FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED          147
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            Fair value hierarchy
            The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:

            Assets measured at fair value
            As at 31 December 2024

                                                                          Fair value measurement using

                                                                       Quoted          Significant        Significant
                                                                     prices in         observable       unobservable
                                                               active markets                inputs             inputs
                                                                      (Level 1)           (Level 2)          (Level 3)              Total
                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000              HK$’000


            Equity investments at fair value through other
               comprehensive income                                       484                    –                   –                484
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or
               loss                                                     1,237                  –                     –              1,237
            Bills receivable                                                –             14,743                     –             14,743


            Total                                                       1,721              14,743                    –             16,464


            As at 31 December 2023

                                                                           Fair value measurement using

                                                                       Quoted          Significant        Significant
                                                                      prices in        observable       unobservable
                                                                active markets              inputs             inputs
                                                                      (Level 1)          (Level 2)          (Level 3)                Total
                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000               HK$’000

            Equity investments at fair value through other
               comprehensive income                                       420                    –                   –                420
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or
               loss                                                       946                  –                     –               946
            Bills receivable                                                –             13,081                     –            13,081

            Total                                                       1,366             13,081                     –            14,447


            The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 31 December 2024 and 31 December
            2023.

            During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or
            out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2023: Nil).




148   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                           Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
       Fair value hierarchy (continued)
       Assets for which fair values are disclosed
       As at 31 December 2024


                                                                      Fair value measurement using

                                                                   Quoted         Significant         Significant
                                                                 prices in        observable        unobservable
                                                           active markets               inputs              inputs
                                                                  (Level 1)          (Level 2)           (Level 3)             Total
                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000             HK$’000


       Pledged deposits, non-current portion                             –                698                    –                698


       As at 31 December 2023


                                                                       Fair value measurement using

                                                                   Quoted          Significant        Significant
                                                                  prices in        observable       unobservable
                                                            active markets              inputs             inputs
                                                                  (Level 1)          (Level 2)          (Level 3)               Total
                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000              HK$’000


       Pledged deposits, non-current portion                             –             1,686                     –             1,686


36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
       The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and short term deposits. The main purpose of these financial
       instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as
       trade and bills receivables and trade and bills payables, which arise directly from its operations.

       It is, and has been throughout the year under review, the Group’s policy that no trading in financial instruments shall be
       undertaken.

       The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are foreign currency risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and equity
       price risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarised
       below.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                       FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED         149
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            Foreign currency risk
            The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from monetary assets denominated in currencies
            other than the functional currencies.

            The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably possible change in the
            RMB, US$ and JPY exchange rates, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (arising from
            RMB, US$ and JPY denominated financial instruments) for the year:

            2024

                                                                                                                            Increase/
                                                                                                                       (decrease) in
                                                                                                                    profit before tax
                                                                                                                             HK$’000


            If HK$ strengthens 1% against RMB                                                                                    (854)
            If HK$ weakens 1% against RMB                                                                                         854

            If HK$ strengthens 1% against US$                                                                                      (47)
            If HK$ weakens 1% against US$                                                                                           47

            If HK$ strengthens 1% against JPY                                                                                      (11)
            If HK$ weakens 1% against JPY                                                                                           11


            2023

                                                                                                                             Increase/
                                                                                                                         (decrease) in
                                                                                                                      profit before tax
                                                                                                                             HK$’000


            If HK$ strengthens 1% against RMB                                                                                    (853)
            If HK$ weakens 1% against RMB                                                                                         853

            If HK$ strengthens 1% against US$                                                                                      (78)
            If HK$ weakens 1% against US$                                                                                           78




150   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                     Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
       Credit risk
       The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all customers who wish
       to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an
       ongoing basis and the Group’s exposure to bad debts is not significant.

       Maximum exposure and year-end staging
       The tables below shows the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit policy,
       which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or effort, and year-
       end staging classification as at 31 December. The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets.

       As at 31 December 2024

                                                          12-month
                                                              ECLs                     Lifetime ECLs

                                                                                                         Simplified
                                                            Stage 1        Stage 2         Stage 3       approach           Total
                                                           HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000


       Contract assets*                                           –                –              –        18,721         18,721
       Trade and bills receivables*                          14,743                –              –       184,202        198,945
       Financial assets included in prepayments,
          other receivables and other assets
          – Normal**                                         32,763               –               –               –        32,763
          – Doubtful**                                            –           6,348               –               –         6,348
       Pledged deposits
          – Not yet past due                                  5,976                –              –               –         5,976
       Cash and cash equivalents
          – Not yet past due                               805,428                 –              –               –      805,428


       Total                                               858,910            6,348               –       202,923      1,068,181




Annual Report 2024                                                                                     FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED       151
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            Credit risk (continued)
            Maximum exposure and year-end staging (continued)
            As at 31 December 2023

                                                                          12-month
                                                                              ECLs                          Lifetime ECLs

                                                                                                                                  Simplified
                                                                           Stage 1            Stage 2            Stage 3          approach               Total
                                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000


            Contract assets*                                                    –                      –                  –        16,545             16,545
            Trade and bills receivables*                                   13,081                      –                  –       206,346            219,427
            Financial assets included in prepayments,
               other receivables and other assets
               – Normal**                                                  24,832                   –                –                       –        24,832
               – Doubtful**                                                     –               6,361          281,007                       –       287,368
            Pledged deposits
               – Not yet past due                                           4,855                      –                  –                  –           4,855
            Cash and cash equivalents                                           –
               – Not yet past due                                         749,021                      –                  –                  –       749,021


            Total                                                         791,789               6,361          281,007            222,891          1,302,048


            *       For trade receivables and contract assets to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the
                    provision matrix is disclosed in notes 18 and 19 to the financial statements, respectively.

            **      The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables is considered to be “normal” when
                    they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial
                    recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.




152   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
       Liquidity risk
       The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This tool considers the maturity
       of both its financial instruments and financial assets (e.g., trade and bills receivables) and projected cash flows from
       operations.

       The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank
       overdrafts, bank loans and lease liabilities. In addition, banking facilities have been put in place for contingency
       purposes.

       The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the contractual
       undiscounted payments, is as follows:

       As at 31 December 2024

                                                                      Within 1 year                                           2024
                                                                      or on demand              Over 1 year                   Total
                                                                           HK$’000                HK$’000                  HK$’000


       Trade and bills payables                                              58,353                         –               58,353
       Financial liabilities included in other payables and
          accruals                                                           69,708                       –                 69,708
       Lease liabilities                                                      1,160                     550                  1,710


       Total                                                                129,221                     550                129,771


       As at 31 December 2023

                                                                       Within 1 year                                        2023
                                                                       or on demand             Over 1 year                   Total
                                                                           HK$’000                HK$’000                 HK$’000


       Trade and bills payables                                              63,402                         –               63,402
       Financial liabilities included in other payables and
          accruals                                                           76,610                       –                 76,610
       Lease liabilities                                                      2,256                   1,322                  3,578


       Total                                                               142,268                    1,322               143,590




Annual Report 2024                                                                                     FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED         153
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            Equity price risk
            Equity price risk is the risk that the fair values of equity securities decrease as a result of changes in the value of individual
            securities. The Group is exposed to equity price risk arising from individual equity investments classified as financial assets
            at fair value through profit or loss (note 21) and equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (note
            16) as at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023. The Group’s listed investments are listed on the ACE Market
            of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, New York Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Taiwan Stock
            Exchange and are valued at quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period.

            The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to every 1% change in the fair values of the Group’s principal equity
            investments, with all other variables held constant and before any impact on tax, based on their carrying amounts at
            the end of the reporting period. For the purpose of this analysis, for the equity investments at fair value through other
            comprehensive income, the impact is deemed to be on equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive
            income revaluation reserve.

                                                                          Carrying amount                Increase in
                                                                            of investments         profit before tax      Increase in equity*
                                                                                 HK$’000                   HK$’000                HK$’000

            2024
            Investments listed in:
               Malaysia – Equity investments at fair value through
                 other comprehensive income                                             484                         –                       5
               New York – Financial assets at fair value through
                 profit or loss                                                         873                         9                       –
               Hong Kong – Financial assets at fair value through
                 profit or loss                                                         343                         3                       –
               Taiwan – Financial assets at fair value through
                 profit or loss                                                           21                        –                       –

            2023
            Investments listed in:
               Malaysia – Equity investments at fair value through
                 other comprehensive income                                             420                         –                       4
               New York – Financial assets at fair value through
                 profit or loss                                                         534                         5                       –
               Hong Kong – Financial assets at fair value through
                 profit or loss                                                         360                         3                       –
               Malaysia – Financial assets at fair value through
                 profit or loss                                                           26                        –                       –
               Taiwan – Financial assets at fair value through
                 profit or loss                                                           26                        –                       –

            *       Excluding retained profits.




154   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                            Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
       Capital management
       The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
       concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholders’ value.

       The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and the
       risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend
       payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. The Group is not subject to any externally
       imposed capital requirements. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital
       during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023.

       The Group monitors capital using a debt to equity ratio, which is lease liabilities divided by total equity attributable to
       owners of the parent. The debt to equity ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were as follows:

                                                                                              31 December            31 December
                                                                                                     2024                  2023
                                                                                                  HK$’000               HK$’000


       Lease liabilities (note 14)                                                                   1,650                 3,425
       Total equity attributable to owners of the parent                                         1,119,922             1,100,088

       Debt to equity ratio                                                                            0.1%                   0.3%




Annual Report 2024                                                                                     FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        155
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      31 DECEMBER 2024




      37. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
            Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                                                       HK$’000                HK$’000


            NON-CURRENT ASSETS
            Investments in subsidiaries                                                                559,088                559,088


            Total non-current assets                                                                   559,088                559,088


            CURRENT ASSETS
            Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                                     224                    398
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     1,153                  1,060


            Total current assets                                                                          1,377                  1,458


            CURRENT LIABILITIES
            Other payables and accruals                                                                        –                     927


            NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                            1,377                      531


            TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                      560,465                559,619


            NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
            Due to a subsidiary                                                                        224,037                222,915


            Total non-current liabilities                                                              224,037                222,915


            Net assets                                                                                 336,428                336,704


            EQUITY
            Issued capital                                                                             119,975                119,975
            Reserves                                                                                   216,453                216,729


            Total equity                                                                               336,428                336,704




156   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                       Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 DECEMBER 2024




37. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (continued)
       A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                                 Share
                                                              premium         Contributed       Accumulated
                                                               account            surplus            losses               Total
                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000


       At 1 January 2023                                       53,597            448,209           (282,062)           219,744
       Total comprehensive loss for the year                        –                  –              (3,015)            (3,015)


       At 1 January 2024                                        53,597           448,209            (285,077)          216,729
       Total comprehensive loss for the year                         –                 –                (276)             (276)


       At 31 December 2024                                      53,597           448,209            (285,353)          216,453


       The Company’s contributed surplus represents the excess of the fair value of the shares of Founder HK acquired
       pursuant to the Group reorganisation on 31 March 2000 over the nominal value of the Company’s shares issued in
       exchange therefor. Under the Bermuda Companies Act 1981 (as amended), the Company may make distributions to its
       shareholders out of the contributed surplus in certain circumstances.


38. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
       On 31 December 2024, Founder Electronics as the Purchaser, and New Founder and Founder Information Industry
       Co., Ltd. (“Founder Information”) as the Vendors, entered into the equity transfer agreement, pursuant to which Founder
       Electronics has agreed to acquire 100% equity interests in Tianjin Founder Handwriting Digital Technology Ltd. (the
       “Target Company”) from New Founder and Founder Information for a consideration of RMB3,579,811 (equivalent to
       approximately HK$3,876,000) (the “Consideration”).

       Within 45 days after the payment of the Consideration, the Vendors shall transfer the 100% equity interests in the
       Target Company to the Purchaser, complete the corresponding procedures for the change of industrial and commercial
       registration and amend the register of members of the Target Company, and the Purchaser will be provided with a
       certificate of capital contribution. The date of completion of the change of industrial and commercial registration of the
       equity interests of the Target Company will be the closing date.

       Upon completion of the acquisition, the Target Company will become an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the
       Company.


39. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 27 March 2025.




Annual Report 2024                                                                                  FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED        157
      PARTICULARS OF INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
      31 DECEMBER 2024




                                                                                                         Percentage of
                                                                                                   interest attributable
      Location                                      Use                        Tenure                     to the Group


      Units 1, 2a, 2b, 3a, 3b, 4a, 4b, 5, 6a, 6b,   Office premises/           Medium term lease                 100%
      7a, 7b, 11b, 12 and 13 on 14th Floor            warehouse for rental
      Cable TV Tower
      9 Hoi Shing Road
      Tsuen Wan
      New Territories
      Hong Kong

      Office car parking space P37,                 Car parking space for      Medium term lease                 100%
      P38 and L25 on 3rd Floor                       rental
      Cable TV Tower
      9 Hoi Shing Road
      Tsuen Wan
      New Territories
      Hong Kong

      Residential car parking space                 Car parking space for      Medium term lease                 100%
      No. 324 on Podium Level 2                      rental
      Rhine Garden
      38 Castle Peak Road
      Sham Tseng
      New Territories
      Hong Kong

      Flat B, 29th Floor, Block 3                   Residential premises for   Medium term lease                 100%
      Locwood Court                                   rental
      Kingswood Villas
      1 Tin Wu Road
      Tin Shui Wai
      Yuen Long
      New Territories
      Hong Kong




158   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                      Annual Report 2024
PARTICULARS OF INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

31 DECEMBER 2024




                                                                                               Percentage of
                                                                                         interest attributable
Location                          Use                          Tenure                           to the Group


Flat B, 8th Floor, Block 2 and    Residential premises and     Medium term lease                       100%
car parking space                   car parking space for
No. 60 on Level 1                   rental
Dragon Inn Court
9 Tsing Ha Lane
Tuen Mun
New Territories
Hong Kong

Flat D, 12th Floor, Block 2       Residential premises for     Medium term lease                       100%
Belvedere Garden                    rental
Phase 2
620 Castle Peak Road
Tsuen Wan
New Territories
Hong Kong

Units 1-7-1, 8-7-1                Office premises for rental   Medium term lease                       100%
No.126 Yuzhou Road
Jiulongpo District
Chongqing
Mainland China

6th Floor, Block 4                Residential premises for     Medium term lease                       100%
Youyi Garden                        rental
52 Kaixuan Road
Kuancheng District
Changchun
Mainland China

Room 103, 201–212 Block 10        Residential premises for     Medium term lease                       100%
6th District of Shangdi Dongli      rental
No. 26 Shangdi East Road
Haidian District
Beijing
Mainland China




Annual Report 2024                                                                 FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED      159
      FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY



      A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the last five financial years, as
      extracted from the published audited financial statements, is set out below.


      RESULTS

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                          2024              2023               2022               2021               2020
                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000


      REVENUE                                          924,854            982,029            957,578          1,073,838            936,545


      PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                47,856            59,756             34,751              43,484             53,897


      Attributable to:
         Owners of the parent                            47,856            59,756             34,751              43,484             53,897


      ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                          2024              2023               2022               2021               2020
                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000


      TOTAL ASSETS                                   1,444,484         1,466,417          1,483,734           1,566,812          1,515,608
      TOTAL LIABILITIES                               (324,562)         (366,329)          (433,666)           (473,409)          (469,358)


                                                     1,119,922         1,100,088          1,050,068           1,093,403          1,046,250




160   FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                            Annual Report 2024
