Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
take no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its
accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss
howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this
announcement.


                       CIRTEK HOLDINGS LIMITED
                            常達控股有限公司
                     (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                                      (Stock Code: 1433)


        QUARTERLY UPDATE ON PROGRESS OF RESUMPTION
           AND CONTINUED SUSPENSION OF TRADING

This announcement is made by Cirtek Holdings Limited (the “Company”, together with its
subsidiaries, the “Group”) pursuant to Rule 13.24A, 13.09(2)(a) and Rule 13.49(6) of the
Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
“Listing Rules”) and the Inside Information Provisions (as defined under the Listing Rules)
under Part XIVA of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
Kong).

References are made to (a) the announcements of the Company dated 30 March 2026 and
31 March 2026 in respect of, among other things, the delay in publication of the 2025 Annual
Results, the delay in dispatch of the 2025 Annual Report and the suspension of trading;
(b) the announcement of the Company dated 29 May 2026 in respect of, among other things,
the proposed change of auditors; and (d) the announcement of the Company dated 26 June
2026 in respect of, among other things, the resumption guidance issued by The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Resumption Guidance”) (collectively, the
“Announcements”). Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalised terms used in this
announcement shall have the same meanings as defined in the Announcements.

QUARTERLY UPDATE ON RESUMPTION PROGRESS

Pursuant to Rule 13.24A of the Listing Rules, the Board wishes to update the Shareholders
and potential investors of the Company that as at the date of this announcement, the latest
developments of the Company and progress of fulfilling the Resumption Guidance are as
follows:



                                               –1–
Update on business operations

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of the
major subsidiaries of the Company are manufacturing and sale of printing products.

As at the date of this announcement, the business operations of the Group are continuing as
usual in all material aspects notwithstanding the suspension of trading of the Company’s
shares.

Resumption plan and progress

On 23 June 2026, an independent committee (the “Independent Committee”), comprising
Lam Chor Ki Dick, Lee Tak Cheong and Luk Mei Yan, each being an independent
non-executive Director, each being an independent non-executive Director, was established.
The Independent Committee has resolved to approve, confirm and ratify the appointment of
PAL Advisory Limited, as the independent forensic investigator for the Independent
Investigation on the same date.

CONTINUED SUSPENSION OF TRADING

At the request of the Company, trading in the shares of the Company on the Stock Exchange
has been suspended with effect from 9:00 a.m. on 1 April 2026 and will remain suspended
until further notice. Further announcement(s) will be made by the Company in this respect as
and when appropriate and in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

The Company is taking appropriate steps to resolve the issues causing its trading suspension
and will seek to resume trading in the Shares as soon as possible. The Company will keep its
shareholders and potential investors informed of the latest progress as and when appropriate
and will announce quarterly updates on its development pursuant to Rule 13.24A of the
Listing Rules.

Shareholders and potential investors of the Company should exercise caution when
dealing in the shares of the Company.

                                                               By Order of the Board
                                                             Cirtek Holdings Limited
                                                             CHAN Sing Ming Barry
                                                          Chairman and Executive Director

Hong Kong, 30 June 2026

As at the date of this announcement, the executive directors are Mr. Chan Sing Ming Barry,
Ms. Law Miu Lan and Mr. Chan Tsz Fung; and the independent non-executive directors are
Mr. Lam Chor Ki Dick, Mr. Lee Tak Cheong and Ms. Luk Mei Yan.

                                           –2–
