Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
take no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its
accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss
howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this
announcement.


                       CIRTEK HOLDINGS LIMITED
                            常達控股有限公司
                     (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                                      (Stock Code: 1433)


                                   PROFIT WARNING

This announcement is made by Cirtek Holdings Limited (the “Company”, together with its
subsidiaries, the “Group”) in accordance with Rule 13.09(2)(a) of the Rules Governing the
Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”)
and the Inside Information Provisions (as defined in the Listing Rules) under Part XIVA of
the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong).

The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) wishes to inform the shareholders of
the Company (the “Shareholders”) and potential investors that, based on the preliminary
assessment of the unaudited consolidated management accounts of the Group for the year
ended 31 December 2025 (the “Reporting Period”) and the information currently available
to the Board, the Group expects to record profit before tax of not less than HK$38.0 million
for the Reporting Period, as compared to the profit before tax of approximately HK$74.7
million for the year ended 31 December 2024. It is considered that such decrease in profit
before tax is mainly attributable to the challenging micro-environment factors affecting the
Group’s operations, which resulted in a decrease in the revenue of the Group.




                                               –1–
As at the date of this announcement, the Company is still in the course of finalising the
financial results of the Group for the Reporting Period. The information contained in this
announcement is only based on the preliminary assessment by the Board with reference to the
latest unaudited consolidated management accounts of the Group for the Reporting Period
and other information currently available to the Company which have not been audited or
reviewed by the auditors of the Company or has been confirmed by the audit committee of the
Board. The information contained in this announcement may be different from the final
results announcement of the Company for the Reporting Period which is expected to be
published in late March 2026 in accordance with the Listing Rules.

Shareholders and potential investors are advised to exercise caution when dealing in the
shares of the Company.

                                                              By order of the Board
                                                            Cirtek Holdings Limited
                                                            CHAN Sing Ming Barry
                                                         Chairman and Executive Director

Hong Kong, 20 March 2026

As at the date of this announcement, the Board comprises Mr. Chan Sing Ming Barry,
Ms. Law Miu Lan and Mr. Chan Tsz Fung being executive Directors; and Mr. Lam Chor Ki
Dick, Mr. Lee Tak Cheong and Ms. Luk Mei Yan being independent non-executive Directors.




                                           –2–
