Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
take no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its
accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss
howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this
announcement.


                       CIRTEK HOLDINGS LIMITED
                            常達控股有限公司
                      (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                                       (Stock Code: 1433)


                      RESUMPTION GUIDANCE AND
                   CONTINUED SUSPENSION OF TRADING

This announcement is made by Cirtek Holdings Limited (the “Company”, together with its
subsidiaries, the “Group”) pursuant to Rule 13.09(2)(a) of the Rules Governing the Listing
of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) and the
Inside Information Provisions (as defined under the Listing Rules) under Part XIVA of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong).

Reference is made to the announcements of the Company dated 30 March 2026, 31 March
2026 and 29 May 2026 (the “Announcements”) in respect of, among other things, the delay
in publication of the 2025 Annual Results, the suspension of trading and the proposed change
of auditors. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalised terms used in this announcement
shall have the same meanings as defined in the Announcements.

RESUMPTION GUIDANCE

The Company received a letter from the Stock Exchange dated 24 June 2026 setting out the
following resumption guidance for the Company (the “Resumption Guidance”):

(a)   engage an independent investigator to conduct an independent forensic investigation
      into the Audit Issues, assess the impact on the Company’s business operations and
      financial position, announce the findings of the independent forensic investigation and
      take appropriate remedial actions;




                                                –1–
(b)   demonstrate that there is no reasonable regulatory concern about the integrity,
      competence and/or character of the Group’s management and/or any persons with
      substantial influence over the Company’s management and operations, which may pose
      a risk to investors and damage market confidence;

(c)   engage an independent internal control consultant to conduct an independent internal
      control review, and demonstrate that:

      (i)    the material deficiencies identified in relation to the trading suspension have been
             rectified and all necessary remedial measures have been properly implemented;
             and

      (ii)   the internal controls of the Company are adequate and effective to serve their
             purposes and enable the Company to comply with the Listing Rules and other legal
             and regulatory requirements, including but not limited to, financial reporting,
             disclosure and compliance relating to notifiable and connected transactions, and
             disclosure of inside information.

(d)   publish all outstanding financial results required under the Listing Rules and address
      any audit modifications;

(e)   demonstrate the Company’s compliance with Rule 13.24; and

(f)   inform the market of all material information for the Company’s shareholders and other
      investors to appraise the Company’s position.

The Company must meet all the Resumption Guidance, remedy the issues causing its trading
suspension and fully comply with the Listing Rules to the Stock Exchange’s satisfaction
before trading in its securities is allowed to resume. For this purpose, the Company has the
primary responsibility to devise its action plan for resumption. The Stock Exchange also
indicated that it may modify or supplement the Resumption Guidance if the Company’s
situation changes.




                                              –2–
Under Rule 6.01A(1) of the Listing Rules, the Stock Exchange may cancel the listing of any
securities that have been suspended from trading for a continuous period of 18 months. In the
case of the Company, the 18-month period will expire on 30 September 2027. If the Company
fails to remedy the issues causing its trading suspension, fulfill the Resumption Guidance and
fully comply with the Listing Rules to the Stock Exchange’s satisfaction and resume trading
in its shares by 30 September 2027, the Listing Division will recommend the Listing
Committee to proceed with the cancellation of the Company’s listing.

Under Rule 6.01 and Rule 6.10 of the Listing Rules, the Stock Exchange also has the right to
impose a shorter specific remedial period or to cancel the listing of the Company
immediately, where appropriate.

The Resumption Guidance further stated that the Company must also comply with the Listing
Rules and all applicable laws and regulations in Hong Kong and its place of incorporation
before resumption.

Pursuant to Rule 13.24A of the Listing Rules, the Company is required to announce quarterly
updates on its developments including, among other relevant matters, (i) its business
operations, (ii) its resumption plan with details of actions that it has taken and intends to take
to remedy the issues causing its trading suspension, fulfill the Resumption Guidance and
fully comply with the Listing Rules and resume trading, and the resumption plan should be
accompanied with a clear timeframe in respect of each stage of work under the resumption
plan with a view that the Resumption Guidance can be fulfilled and trading can resume as
soon as practicable and, in any event before the 18-month period (as set out below) expires,
(iii) the progress of implementing its resumption plan, and (iv) details of any material change
to the resumption plan and, in the case of delay, the reasons and impact of such delay. The
first quarterly update will be announced on or before 30 June 2026 and further quarterly
updates will be announced every 3 months from the trading suspension date until the
resumption of trading in the shares of the Company or cancellation of listing (whichever is
earlier). Further announcement(s) may be made by the Company as and when appropriate and
in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules to update the Company’s
shareholders and potential investors on the progress in complying with the Resumption
Guidance.




                                              –3–
An independent committee comprising Lam Chor Ki Dick, Lee Tak Cheong and Luk Mei Yan,
each being an independent non-executive Director, (the “Independent Committee”) has also
been established by the Company on 23 June 2026 to lead and oversee the independent
forensic investigation, it is reminded of its primary responsibility to lead, keep monitoring
the investigation progress, review the investigation findings once available, and take
appropriate actions (including extending the scope of investigation, where necessary) to
ensure that all relevant issues are adequately addressed. On 23 June 2026, the Independent
Committee has also resolved to approve, confirm and ratify the appointment of PAL Advisory
Limited, as the independent forensic investigator for carrying out the independent
Investigation. The Independent Committee should also obtain and take into account the views
of PAL Advisory Limited and Grant Thornton Hong Kong Limited, the Company’s auditor on
whether the investigation findings are sufficient to address the Payment Issues as set out in
the Announcements. Additionally, the Independent Committee should ensure that the
information contained in the investigation report is clearly presented, accurate and complete
in all material respects, and not misleading or deceptive. It should also review the findings of
the internal control review together with the Audit Committee, once available and take
appropriate remedial actions to ensure that adequate internal controls and procedures are in
place to rectify any deficiencies, ensure compliance with the Listing Rules, and safeguard the
interests of the Company.

CONTINUED SUSPENSION OF TRADING

At the request of the Company, trading in the shares of the Company on the Stock Exchange
has been suspended with effect from 9:00 a.m. on 1 April 2026 and will remain suspended
until further notice. Further announcement(s) will be made by the Company in this respect as
and when appropriate and in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

Shareholders and potential investors of the Company should exercise caution when
dealing in the shares of the Company.

                                                                 By Order of the Board
                                                               Cirtek Holdings Limited
                                                               CHAN Sing Ming Barry
                                                            Chairman and Executive Director

Hong Kong, 26 June 2026

As at the date of this announcement, the executive directors are Mr. Chan Sing Ming Barry,
Ms. Law Miu Lan and Mr. Chan Tsz Fung; and the independent non-executive directors are
Mr. Lam Chor Ki Dick, Mr. Lee Tak Cheong and Ms. Luk Mei Yan.

                                             –4–
