CHARACTERISTICS OF GEM OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED (THE
“STOCK EXCHANGE”)

GEM has been positioned as a market designed to accommodate small and mid-sized
companies to which a higher investment risk may be attached than other companies listed
on the Stock Exchange. Prospective investors should be aware of the potential risks of
investing in such companies and should make the decision to invest only after due and
careful consideration.

Given that the companies listed on GEM are generally small and mid-sized companies,
there is a risk that securities traded on GEM may be more susceptible to high market
volatility than securities traded on the Main Board and no assurance is given that there will
be a liquid market in the securities traded on GEM.

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Stock Exchange take no responsibility
for the contents of this report, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and
expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance
upon the whole or any part of the contents of this report.

This report for which the directors (the “Directors”) of Ocean Line Port Development Limited (the
“Company”) collectively and individually accept full responsibility, includes particulars given in
compliance with the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock Exchange (the
“GEM Listing Rules”) for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Company. The
Directors, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirm that to the best of their knowledge and
belief, the information contained in this report is accurate and complete in all material respects
and not misleading or deceptive, and there are no other matters the omission of which would
make any statement herein or this report misleading.
CONTENTS
                                                 Pages
CORPORATE INFORMATION                               2
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT                                4
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                  6
BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT     13
DIRECTORS’ REPORT                                  17
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                        28
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT        43
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                       84
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME     88
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION       89
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY        91
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS               93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     95
FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                 167
MAJOR PROPERTIES                                  168
    CORPORATE INFORMATION




    DIRECTORS                                        AUDITOR
    Executive Directors:                             BDO Limited
    Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi (Chairman)
    Mr. Huang Xueliang                               PRINCIPAL BANKERS
                                                     Agricultural Bank of China
    Non-executive Director:                          Chizhou Jiuhua Rural Commercial Bank
    Ms. Cheung Wai Fung                              Huishang Bank
                                                     Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
    Independent non-executive Directors:               (Asia) Limited
    Mr. Nie Rui                                      BNP Paribas
    Mr. Cheung Sze Ming
    Mr. Cheng Yin Pan (appointed on 10 July 2024)    PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
    Dr. Li Weidong (resigned on 10 July 2024)        TRANSFER OFFICE IN THE CAYMAN
                                                     ISLANDS
    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                       Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
    Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi                                 Cricket Square
    Mr. Lee Chun Hin                                 Hutchins Drive
                                                     P.O. Box 2681
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                  Grand Cayman KY1-1111
    Mr. Cheung Sze Ming (Chairman)                   Cayman Islands
    Mr. Nie Rui
    Mr. Cheng Yin Pan (appointed on 10 July 2024)    HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
    Dr. Li Weidong (resigned on 10 July 2024)        REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                     Tricor Investor Services Limited
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                           17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    Mr. Nie Rui (Chairman)                           16 Harcourt Road
    Mr. Cheung Sze Ming                              Hong Kong
    Mr. Cheng Yin Pan (appointed on 10 July 2024)
    Dr. Li Weidong (resigned on 10 July 2024)        REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                     Cricket Square
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                             Hutchins Drive
    Mr. Cheng Yin Pan (Chairman)                     P.O. Box 2681
      (appointed on 10 July 2024)                    Grand Cayman KY1-1111
    Mr. Nie Rui                                      Cayman Islands
    Mr. Cheung Sze Ming
    Dr. Li Weidong (resigned on 10 July 2024)


    COMPANY SECRETARY
    Mr. Lee Chun Hin




2   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE INFORMATION




HEADQUARTER, HEAD OFFICE AND
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
THE PRC
No. 8 Yanjiang Avenue
Chizhou Economic Development Zone
Chizhou, Anhui
PRC


PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
HONG KONG REGISTERED UNDER
PART 16 OF THE COMPANIES
ORDINANCE
Room 2715–16, 27/F.
Hong Kong Plaza
188 Connaught Road West
Hong Kong


COMPANY WEBSITE
www.oceanlineport.com


STOCK CODE
8502




                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED   3
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



    Since 2007, we have established Chizhou Port Ocean Line Holdings Group Limited (“Chizhou Port Holdings”)
    (formerly known as Chizhou Port Ocean Line Holdings Limited) in Chizhou City, Anhui Province, the People’s Republic
    of China (the “PRC”). We have been operating at the Jiangkou Terminal and the Niutoushan Terminal since 2008
    and 2013, respectively. The subsidiaries of Ocean Line Port Development Limited (the “Company”, together with its
    subsidiaries, the “Group”) were granted honour such as the National Outstanding Foreign Investment Enterprise as
    well as the Outstanding Foreign Investment Enterprise in Anhui Province and in Chizhou City (全國、安徽省、池州
    市優秀外資企業), Credible Enterprise of Yangtze River Transportation System (長江航運系統誠信企業), Outstanding
    Transportation Enterprise in Anhui Province (安徽省聯合運輸優秀企業) and Grade A Tax Credit Enterprise in Anhui
    Province (安徽省A級納稅信用企業) and became the only terminal classified as national Category-1 port in Chizhou
    City and the largest public terminal. In 2021, the Jiangkou Terminal was awarded the honour as a Multi-mode
    Transport Demonstration Project under the“14th Five-Year Plan” (“十四五”多式聯運示範項目).


    Year 2024 marks the 75th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China. Under the complex and
    volatile environment at home and abroad, we have been grasping the nettle and forging ahead, delivering an
    outstanding result for the high-quality development of the Group.


    We moved forward in the midst of stability this year, achieving new growth in both production and operation. The
    annual total cargo throughput was 28.3 million tonnes, recording revenue of RMB177.0 million and profit of RMB88.8
    million, and the Group has basically completed various tasks of the year.


    All the tasks were pushed forward in an orderly manner this year. The Dedicated Port-entering Railway Line (進港鐵
    路專用線) and the Jiangkou Terminal Phase IV were officially launched; the sorting warehouse No. 2 at Niutoushan
    Port Area was completed and put into operation in the same year, creating new sources of cargo for Niutoushan Port
    Area; the Jiangkou (at the provincial-level) Demonstration Logistics Park was completed and passed inspection.


    We persevered in technological innovation this year. 2 utility patents and 15 software copyrights were successfully
    approved in 2024. 11 utility patents and 3 invention patents were applied for approval. Our technology center was
    recognized as the “Anhui Province Enterprise Technology Center” (“安徽省企業技術中心”) while our subsidiary,
    Chizhou Ocean Line Niutoushan Limited, was awarded the provincial “Specialized and New Small and Medium-sized
    Enterprise” (“專精特新中小企業”). The “Cloud Platform of Digital and Smart Bulk Cargo Supply Chain for Yangtze
    River Port” (“長江港口散雜貨數智化供應鏈雲平臺”) project which we self-developed won the Third Class Award in
    the finals of the Yangtze River Delta Smart Transportation Innovation Technology Application Competition (Anhui
    Division) (“長三角智慧交通創新技術應用大賽決賽(安徽賽區)三等獎”).




4   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



The results of cost reduction and efficiency improvement were evident this year. Focusing on the “Practicing
Corporate Culture and Comprehensively Implementing Cost Reduction and Efficiency Enhancement” (“踐行企業
文化，全面降本增效”) annual campaign, we have honed our internal skills. As a result, we streamlined the “Twelve
Methods for Cost Reduction and Efficiency Enhancement” (“降本增效十二法”) and “Ten Measures for Risk Prevention
and Control” (“風險防控十項措施”) and formulated the “Eight Measures on Living on a Tight Budget” (“過緊日子八
條”) to vigorously facilitate cost reduction and efficiency enhancement, achieving noticeable results. The case study
of internal management innovation “Digitalized Refined Management Practice of Port Enterprises” (“港口企業數位化
精細管理實踐”) received outstanding results in the Provincial Management Skills Innovation Competition (“全省管理
技能創新大賽”).


The safety and environmental protection situation was stable this year. For the port security facilities, inspection
conducted by experts was passed and the Second-Level Standardization of Construction Safety of Hazardous Cargo
Terminal Safety Standardization (“危貨碼頭安全標準化二級達標建設安全標準化”) was completed. No serious safety
and environmental incidents occurred throughout the year.


The year 2025 is the year of the full-scale construction of the Dedicated Port-entering Railway Line, and also, a very
important year for the transformation and development of the corporation. With perseverance, the Group will grasp
the nettle, forging ahead. We will make efforts in effect and step at the forefront, ensuring the completion of various
tasks of the year.




Ocean Line Port Development Limited
Kwai Sze Hoi
Chairman and Executive Director


Hong Kong, 28 March 2025




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 5
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




    BUSINESS REVIEW
    The Group is an inland terminal operator in the PRC and is principally engaged in the provision of port logistic
    services (including uploading and unloading of cargoes, bulk cargo handling services, container handling, storage
    and other services). The Group operates two port terminals, namely, Jiangkou Terminal and Niutoushan Terminal,
    both situated in Chizhou City, Anhui Province, the PRC. Chizhou City, located in the upper reach of the downstream
    section of the Yangtze River, is an important port city in the southwestern region of Anhui Province. It is also a crucial
    component of the integrated development of the Yangtze River Delta. With abundant mining resources as its biggest
    strengths, Chizhou City is an integral non-metallic mineral base in Eastern China. There are eleven multi-purpose/bulk
    cargo berths in the two major terminals of the Group, including the four multi-purpose/bulk cargo berths of the new
    phase (Phase III) of Jiangkou Terminal, making the Group the largest public port operator in Chizhou City, as well as
    an important driver of the opening-up and promoting of investment and business in Chizhou City.

    For 2024, the Group’s total throughput volume of bulk cargo and container were 28.3 million tonnes (2023: 27.8
    million tonnes) and 17,004 TEUs (2023: 19,199 TEUs), respectively, representing an increase of 2.0% and a decrease
    of 11.4%, respectively, as compared to last year. The Group’s revenue and profit were RMB177.0 million (2023:
    RMB173.6 million) and RMB88.8 million (2023: RMB81.1 million), respectively, representing increases of 2.0% and 9.6%,
    respectively, as compared to last year.

    The port throughput volume was mainly influenced by the following factors:

    Firstly, the pressure on ports operations is great under adverse macroeconomic conditions. The mounting
    downward pressure on the economy in the PRC, in particular, the falling market prices of non-metallic mineral
    building materials, resulted in a lack of source of commodity cargo. Furthermore, a number of large mining
    companies along the Yangtze River put into production with self-equipped port terminals, which undermines the
    competitiveness of public terminals which faced pressures and difficulties in terms of business operation to some
    extent.

    Secondly, achieving a breakthrough for the “Bulk Cargoes to Containers” (“散改集”) (the change in transportation
    form from bulk cargo to container) market is challenging, and there is great pressure on growth in terms of
    container volume. Given the development of the container business is still in a bottleneck period, and achieving a
    breakthrough for the “Bulk Cargoes to Containers” market is challenging, container throughput volume recorded a
    year-on-year decrease.

    Thirdly, we spared no effort in wolf marketing (狼性行銷) under the severe production situation. In light of the
    severe production and operation situation, we did not hesitate nor deploy a passive strategy correspondingly.
    Instead, we took every initiative possible by maintaining immense vigor and energetic attitude aiming to improve
    our market share. Also, we have strived to explore new customers, including actively led the “Land to Water” (“陸改
    水”) (water transportation in lieu of land transportation), and made every effort to promote the shipping volume of
    marginal customers. By achieving the above, we have successfully ensured the smooth and orderly development of
    port production.

    Fourthly, we have launched technological innovation and Cost Reduction and Efficiency Enhancement Campaign,
    resulting in sound internal management. 2 utility patents and 15 software copyrights were successfully approved
    in 2024. 11 utility patents and 3 invention patents were applied for approval. We streamlined the “Twelve Methods
    for Cost Reduction and Efficiency Enhancement” (“降本增效十二法”) and “Ten Measures for Risk Prevention and
    Control” (“風險防控十項措施”) and formulated the “Eight Measures on Living on a Tight Budget” (“過緊日子八條”)
    to vigorously facilitate cost reduction and efficiency enhancement, thereby promoting enterprise improvement.


6   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




OUTLOOK
Year 2025 is the concluding year of the “14th Five-Year” Plan (“十四五”規劃) and a critical year when the construction
of the Dedicated Port-entering Railway Line (進港鐵路專用線) is set to be fully launched. We shall deeply analyze the
risks and challenges facing us, grasp development opportunities accurately, and strive to reach new heights in all
performance indicators.


Firstly, the government’s macroeconomic policies are more proactive. The Central Economic Work Conference
stated that in 2025, the PRC government will implement more proactive macroeconomic policies in order to
increase domestic demand, promoting steady economic recovery and development. Also, the PRC government
will implement more proactive fiscal policies and moderately easing monetary policies. The existing policies are
bringing benefits continuously and the new policies are introduced intensively. New opportunities arise following the
construction of main transportation infrastructure, equipment upgrades and the growth in transportation demand.


Secondly, there is stable growth in demand for water transportation. The PRC has a stable economy with numerous
strengths, strong resilience and considerable potential. Under the constant long-term favorable conditions and
fundamental trends, the economy grows steadily with improving quality, presenting a growing and positive trend,
which is beneficial to the steady growth of water transportation demand.


Thirdly, port development is facing a number of challenges. Political tensions, increased protectionism, wider impact
of the Red Sea crisis, high volatility in ocean freight rates and the weak fundamentals of the shipping industry exerted
pressure on the growth of foreign trade cargo throughput volume of our ports. Moreover, the transformation of
associated industries, entering into a cycle of reduced development by steel industry and the downward pressure on
the property segment improbable to relieve in the short term, all of which impose tight restrictions on the throughput
volume of our ports.


Year 2025 is the year when the construction of the Dedicated Port-entering Railway Line project is set to be fully
launched. The Group will adhere to the strategy of “relying on ports for logistics and developing logistics for
strengthening the ports” (“依托港口做物流，發展物流強港口”), and to promote the rational layout of the industry,
accelerate the improvement of port service and logistics service systems, make up for shortcomings, improve quality
and efficiency, prevent risks, achieving better results in 2025.




                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED               7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




    FINANCIAL REVIEW
    Revenue

                                                                    Year ended
                                                                   31 December
                                                                   2024             2023       Increase/(decrease)
                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000                 %


    Revenue from provision of uploading
      and unloading services


    Bulk cargo and break bulk cargo                             147,151          145,839          1,312               0.9
    Containers                                                     3,212           3,516           (304)             (8.6)


    Subtotal                                                    150,363          149,355          1,008               0.7


    Revenue from provision of ancillary port services            26,679           24,228          2,451              10.1


    Total revenue                                               177,042          173,583          3,459               2.0


                                                                    Year ended
                                                                   31 December
                                                                   2024             2023       Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                                                       %


    Total cargo throughput (thousand tonnes)                    28,334.5         27,778.9         555.6               2.0


    Container throughput (TEUs)                                  17,004           19,199          (2,195)         (11.4)


    Our revenue which is principally generated from the provision of uploading and unloading services was approximately
    RMB150.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB149.4 million), representing an increase of
    RMB1.0 million or approximately 0.7% as compared to 2023. The increase in revenue was mainly due to the increase
    in cargo handling revenue since the throughput of cargo increased by approximately 0.6 million tonnes as compared
    to 2023. The increase in cargo throughput volume is due to our efforts to increase market share, actively explore new
    customers, fully promote the shipping volume of marginal customers under the poor market environment and severe
    production situation, successfully ensuring the smooth and orderly development of port production.




8   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Cost of services
Our cost of services primarily consists of depreciation of property, plant and equipment, staff cost, subcontracting
fee, fuel and oil, consumables, electricity, repairs and maintenance expenses and others.


For the year ended 31 December 2024, our cost of services was approximately RMB59.8 million (2023: RMB62.5
million), representing a decrease of RMB2.7 million or approximately 4.3% as compared to the last year. The
decrease in cost of services was mainly attributable to the impacts of the following: (i) an increase in subcontracting
fee of approximately RMB2.9 million which was driven by the more outsourced crane operations performed during
the year; (ii) a decrease in staff cost of approximately RMB3.6 million due to less staff required for the operation as
a result of higher terminal efficiency, with some frontline staff being transferred to the back office and the research
and development department; and (iii) the decrease in repairs and maintenance expenses of approximately RMB0.9
million due to less large-scale repair and maintenance activities being carried out during the year.


Gross profit and gross profit margin

                                                                  Year ended
                                                                 31 December
                                                                 2024             2023                 Increase
                                                                                                                   %


Gross profit (RMB’000)                                        117,256          111,109           6,147            5.5


Gross profit margin (%)                                           66.2            64.0             2.2            N/A


For the year ended 31 December 2024, our gross profit increased to approximately RMB117.3 million. The increase
in gross profit was primarily due to the increased throughput volume of cargo by 2.0% in terms of tonnes for the year
ended 31 December 2024. As we utilised our operating capacity more efficiently, our gross profit margin increased to
66.2%.


Administrative expenses
For the year ended 31 December 2024, our administrative expenses increased by approximately RMB2.7 million or
10.2% which was primarily due to increase in administrative staff costs (including research and development related
staff costs for the improvement and development of port equipment, computer system and technique to be used in
our port operations) of approximately RMB2.5 million.




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Income tax expenses
     For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s income tax expense amounted to approximately RMB14.7
     million (2023: RMB17.0 million), representing a decrease of RMB2.3 million or approximately 13.5% as compared to
     last year. The profit generated from one of the Qualifying Project of Chizhou Port Holdings for the years 2024 and
     2023 enjoyed 50% tax reduction (the “3-Year 50% Tax Reduction Entitlement”). Save for the mentioned better tax
     preferential policy being enjoyed by the Qualifying Project, as High and New Technology Enterprises, Chizhou Port
     Holdings and Chizhou Ocean Line Niutoushan Limited (“Chizhou Niutoushan”), subsidiaries of the Company pay
     the enterprise income tax at the rate of 15% for three consecutive financial years from 2022 to 2024 and from 2023
     to 2025, respectively (“3-Year High and New Technology Enterprises Tax Entitlements”). For the year ended 31
     December 2024, the effective tax rate is approximately 14.2% (2023: 17.4%). Should the deferred tax expense for the
     year ended 31 December 2024 of approximately RMB0.5 million be excluded, the adjusted effective tax rate would
     have been approximately 13.7%. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the year ended 31 December 2024 was lower
     than that of the PRC EIT standard rate of 25% mainly because of the 3-Year 50% Tax Reduction Entitlement for the
     Qualifying Project and the 3-Year High and New Technology Enterprises Tax Entitlements for Chizhou Port Holdings
     from 2022 to 2024 and Chizhou Niutoushan from 2023 to 2025.


     Profit for the year
     As a result of the foregoing, the Group recorded profit for the year of approximately RMB88.8 million (2023: RMB81.1
     million). The net profit margin of the Group was approximately 50.2% (2023: 46.7%).


     Property, plant and equipment
     As at 31 December 2024, net carrying amount property, plant and equipment amounted to approximately RMB381.0
     million (31 December 2023: RMB400.3 million). It mainly represented (i) terminal facilities of approximately RMB248.7
     million (31 December 2023: RMB256.3 million); (ii) port machinery and equipment of approximately RMB41.8 million
     (31 December 2023: RMB46.2 million), and (iii) right-of-use assets of approximately RMB58.0 million (31 December
     2023: RMB60.3 million). The decrease of the balance was mainly due to the net effect of (i) addition of property, plant
     and equipment (including construction in progress and right-of-use assets) of approximately RMB5.7 million and (ii)
     depreciation charges of RMB24.6 million for the year.


     Financing and credit facilities
     As at 31 December 2024 , the Group had no outstanding bank borrowings (31 December 2023: no outstanding
     bank borrowings). Including time deposits over three months, the Group had bank and cash balances amounted
     to approximately RMB379.9 million (31 December 2023: RMB301.6 million). Available but unused banking facilities
     amounted to approximately RMB115.8 million (31 December 2023: RMB115.8 million).




10   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




BORROWINGS AND GEARING RATIO
As at 31 December 2024, the Group had no outstanding debts (31 December 2023: no outstanding debts). The
Group’s bank borrowings, if any, are primarily used in financing the working capital requirement of its operations.


DIVIDEND
The board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) does not recommend the payment of dividend for the year.


BUSINESS UPDATE
1.   On 29 December 2023, Chizhou Port Holdings entered into a joint venture agreement with two joint venture
     partners, pursuant to which the parties thereto agreed to establish a joint venture company, in Chizhou City,
     the PRC. The joint venture company was incorporated on 15 April 2024, with official name determined to be
     Chizhou Haishun Port Services Limited* (池州海順港口服務有限公司) (“Chizhou Haishun”). For details of the
     formation of Chizhou Haishun, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29 December 2023
     and the circular of the Company dated 25 January 2024.


     Pursuant to the joint venture agreement, Chizhou Haishun would acquire the land use right of a piece of land
     (“Project Land”) located at Chizhou Economic Development Zone, East of Tongguan Port Project, North of
     Yanjiang Avenue in Chizhou City, Anhui Province, the PRC with an area of approximately 74,798 square metres
     held by Chizhou Port Holdings for its future project and operation (the “Transfer”), and the asset evaluation
     and transfer procedures of the Project Land would be completed within two months after the establishment
     of Chizhou Haishun. Due to more time was required for the asset valuation, negotiations between Chizhou
     Haishun and Chizhou Port Holdings relating to the commercial terms of the Transfer and relevant administrative
     processes, parties to the joint venture agreement have agreed to extend the deadline for completing the
     Transfer on or before 30 April 2025, and Chizhou Port Holdings has consented Chizhou Haishun to develop the
     Project Land before completion of the Transfer. The carrying value of the land use right of the Project Land is
     approximately RMB10,523,000 as at 31 December 2024.


     On 28 March 2025, Chizhou Port Holdings entered into a land use right transfer agreement with Chizhou
     Haishun, pursuant to which Chizhou Port Holdings agreed to transfer the land use right of the Project Land to
     Chizhou Haishun at the consideration of approximately RMB17,952,000. The Transfer was in substance an intra-
     group transfer which resulted in an effective net disposal of a 28.8% interest in the land use right of the Project
     Land to the 40% minority shareholders of Chizhou Haishun, and was exempted from the requirements of
     Chapter 19 of the GEM Listing Rules.


2.   On 24 July 2024, the official name of Chizhou Port Holdings was changed from Chizhou Port Ocean Line
     Holdings Limited* (池州港遠航控股有限公司) to Chizhou Port Ocean Line Holdings Group Limited* (池州港遠航
     控股集團有限公司).




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                  11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     3.     On 9 November 2024, Chizhou Port Holdings entered into a joint venture agreement with four joint venture
            partners, pursuant to which the parties thereto agreed to establish a joint venture company, namely Chizhou Tie
            Hang Construction Investment Development Co., Ltd.* (池州鐵航建設投資發展有限公司) (“Chizhou Tie Hang”)
            in Chizhou City, the PRC. Chizhou Tie Hang was incorporated on 9 November 2024 and is principally engaged
            in design, investment and financing, construction, operation, management, maintenance and handover of
            the project for the construction and operation of Guichi Mineral Products Transportation Railway Line and
            the Chizhou Jiangkou Port Railway Line project (the “Project”). Chizhou Tie Hang is owned beneficially as to
            24%, 51%, 10% and 10%, respectively by the four joint venture partners, and the remaining 5% by Chizhou Port
            Holdings. Pursuant to the terms of the joint venture agreement, the proposed registered capital of Chizhou
            Tie Hang is RMB200,000,000 and the initial capital commitment made by Chizhou Port Holdings to Chizhou Tie
            Hang to subscribe for the registered capital is RMB10,000,000.


            On 12 March 2025, the shareholders’ meeting of Chizhou Tie Hang was held during which resolutions were
            passed to approve the increase of additional capital commitment by the shareholders of Chizhou Tie Hang
            in the total amount of approximately RMB1,335,303,000, which shall be contributed by the shareholders of
            Chizhou Tie Hang to Chizhou Tie Hang in proportion to their respective shareholding interests in Chizhou Tie
            Hang for the purpose of the Project. Chizhou Port Holdings is required to make additional capital contribution
            in the amount of approximately RMB66,765,000 to Chizhou Tie Hang. Details of the formation of Chizhou Tie
            Hang and increase in capital commitment, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 12 March
            2025.


     4.     On 10 January 2025, Chizhou Haishun entered into an agreement (“Construction Contract”) with an
            independent contractor, pursuant to which the contractor would undertake various construction works including
            but not limited to the construction of hydraulic structures, onshore infrastructure and supporting ancillary works
            for Phase IV of Jiangkou Terminal located in Jiangkou Port Area, Economic and Technological Development
            Zone, Chizhou City, Anhui Province, the PRC at the consideration of RMB146,485,000. For details of the
            Construction Contract, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 10 January 2025 and the
            circular of the Company dated 25 February 2025.



     * For identification purpose only




12   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




MANAGEMENT EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHAIRMAN
KWAI Sze Hoi (桂四海), aged 75, is the chairman of our Board and an executive director of the Company. He was
appointed as a director on 30 October 2017 and was re-designated as an executive Director on 1 June 2018.


As one of our founders and a member of controlling shareholders of the Company, he is mainly responsible for the
overall management and development of the Group as well as the formulation and implementation of our business
strategies. Mr. Kwai has over 40 years of experience in international shipping and port operation business. In the
early 1990s, Mr. Kwai established Ocean Line Holdings Limited (“Ocean Line Holdings”) in Hong Kong and has been
serving as the chairman of its board and chief executive officer since then. After over three decades of development,
Ocean Line Holdings has become a diversified, sizable and integrated enterprise which primarily engages in
international shipping business with port, logistic and mining as its ancillary businesses and financial investment as its
supporting business. Currently, Ocean Line Holdings wholly-owns, operates and manages a fleet of seagoing vessels
with a total carrying capacity of more than 4 million deadweight tonnage.


He also invests in and operates bulk cargo (such as ores) terminal business in Tianjin Port through joint ventures
established by Ocean Line Holdings and Tianjin Port Development Holdings Limited.


In 2007, Mr. Kwai established Ocean Line Group (Chizhou) Port Development Inc. and is responsible for the
formulation and development of business strategies. He has also served as the chairman of the board as well as a
non-executive director of Brockman Mining Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock
code: 0159) and the Australian Securities Exchange (stock code: BCK) since 2012.


Mr. Kwai graduated from Anhui University with a Bachelor degree in Foreign Language Studies in English in 1975. Mr.
Kwai is the husband of Ms. Cheung Wai Fung.


EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
HUANG Xueliang (黃學良), aged 62, senior professional manager, is the executive Director and chief executive officer
of the Company. He was appointed as a Director on 7 December 2017 and re-designated as an executive Director
on 1 June 2018. He is responsible for the overall management and supervision of the operation of our PRC operating
subsidiaries.


Mr. Huang has over 17 years of experience in the port logistic services industry in Chizhou City, Anhui Province.
Mr. Huang joined our Group in June 2008. Mr. Huang has also served as the Assistant President of Ocean Line
Holdings and has become the Vice President of Ocean Line Holdings since February 2019. Since June 2008,
Mr. Huang has acted as the managing director of Ocean Line Group Chizhou Company Limited (遠航集團池州有限公
司), an investment holding company, and has been responsible for overseeing its investment projects and operations
management.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                  13
     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



     Mr. Huang obtained a Professional diploma in Economic Management from Anhui Institute of Finance and Trade
     in 1994. He further obtained a Professional diploma in Business Administration from Anhui University in 1998 and
     a Professional postgraduate diploma in World Economics from Fudan University in 2002. Mr. Huang has extensive
     experience in corporate management. Prior to joining our Group, he worked at various companies in the PRC in
     textile engineering, tourism, asset management and chemical engineering at senior management level. Mr. Huang
     served as a member of the People’s Congress Standing Committee of Chizhou City, Anhui Province for 11 years (two
     terms) and the vice president of the Anhui Entrepreneurs Association* (安徽省企業家聯合會) for 10 years (two terms).
     He is currently the vice president of Chizhou Enterprises (Entrepreneur) Association* (池州市企業(企業家)聯合會).


     Mr. Huang has been granted 26 utility models patents (實用新型專利) and 34 software copyrights (軟件著作權),
     on numerous occasions, received awards from port logistic industry organisations and provincial and municipal
     government authorities after joining our Group. For instance, in December 2017, Mr. Huang was named one of the
     Top Ten Most Outstanding People at the sixth Yangtze River Shipping industry awards ceremony held by Changjiang
     River Administration of Navigational Affairs (長江航務管理局); in March 2019, he was honoured with the title of
     Outstanding Professional Manager of Anhui Province at the 40th Anniversary of Reform and Opening Up in the sixth
     award ceremony (紀念改革開放40周年暨第六屆安徽省傑出職業經理人); in December 2020, he was awarded the
     honorable title of National Labor Model in the Logistics Industry (全國物流行業勞動模範).


     NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
     CHEUNG Wai Fung (張惠峰), aged 72, is one of our founders and a member of controlling shareholders and a non-
     executive Director of the Company. She was appointed as a Director on 7 December 2017 and re-designated as a
     non-executive Director on 1 June 2018. Ms. Cheung is primarily responsible for providing advice to the Board on
     business strategy of our Group.


     Ms. Cheung founded Ocean Line Holdings together with Mr. Kwai in 1994 and was appointed as a director
     responsible for overseeing finance and human resources. In addition, Ms. Cheung has over 18 years of experience in
     hotel management industry. Since 2005, Ms. Cheung was appointed as the chairman of Anhui Jinjiuhua International
     Hotel Company Limited (安徽金九華國際大酒店有限公司), a PRC company conducting hotel businesses in Anhui
     Province, the PRC and she is responsible for the design and construction of the hotel as well as overseeing the
     management decisions of the company.


     Ms. Cheung obtained a bachelor’s degree in Chinese Medicine from the Guangzhou University of Chinese Medicine
     in 1978.


     Ms. Cheung is the spouse of Mr. Kwai.




     * For identification only




14   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
NIE Rui (聶睿), aged 48, was appointed as independent non-executive Director (“INED”) on 1 June 2018. He is the
chairman of the remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”) and a member of each of the audit
committee (the “Audit Committee”) and the nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) of the Company.
Mr. Nie is responsible for supervising and providing independent judgement to our Board, the Audit Committee, the
Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.


Mr. Nie has over 25 years of experience in investment banking and corporate finance. Between July 2000 and
December 2001, Mr. Nie worked as an investment banking analyst at Morgan Stanley. From January 2002 to May
2005, Mr. Nie worked at the Deutsche Bank Group and his last position held with the Deutsche Bank Group was an
investment banking associate. In June 2005, he joined HSBC and his last position held with HSBC was the Managing
Director and Head of China Equity Capital Markets. Since September 2015, Mr. Nie joined Rainbow Capital
Management Limited, where he is currently serving as the Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Nie has been acting as a
managing partner of Welight Capital HK Limited since December 2019.


Mr. Nie obtained a Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy, Politics and Economics from Oxford University in 2000.


CHEUNG Sze Ming (張詩敏), aged 55, was appointed as INED on 6 November 2020. He is the chairman of the Audit
Committee and a member of each of the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. Mr. Cheung
is responsible for supervising and providing independent judgement to our Board, the Audit Committee, the
Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.


Mr. Cheung served as an executive director, the company secretary and the chief financial officer of Affluent Partners
Holdings Limited (stock code: 1466), the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange,
from April 2018; an executive director, the company secretary and the chief financial officer of Far East Holdings
International Limited, (stock code: 36), the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange,
from February 2023; and an independent non-executive director of Yuk Wing Group Holdings Limited, (stock code:
1536), the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, from January 2024. He holds
a bachelor’s degree in Accountancy from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. He is also a fellow member of
the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. Mr. Cheung has accumulated over 30 years of working experience from an international audit firm and
public listed companies. He had spent about 8 years in the international audit firm and was an audit manager before
he left the firm. Thereafter, Mr. Cheung has held different senior positions in various public listed companies. He
was an executive director and chief financial officer of Dingyi Group Investment Limited (stock code: 508), the issued
shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, from October 2011 to March 2018. He also
served as an independent non-executive director of Great Wall Terroir Holdings Limited (stock code: 524), the issued
shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, from March 2021 to November 2024.


Cheng Yin Pan (鄭彥斌), aged 37, was appointed as INED on 10 July 2024. He is the chairman of the Nomination
Committee and a member of each of the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee. Mr. Cheng is
responsible for supervising and providing independent judgement to our Board, the Audit Committee, the
Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 15
     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



     Mr. Cheng has over 15 years of experience in investment banking and corporate finance. Mr. Cheng is the Chief
     Executive Officer of Youngtimers AG, a Switzerland-listed global asset management firm (SIX: YTME), since January
     2025, and Chief Executive Officer of C Capital, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Youngtimers AG, since March 2016. Prior
     to C Capital, he worked at the investment banking division of Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Standard Chartered
     Bank.


     Mr. Cheng also holds positions in the following companies/organisations: (i) member of the venture committee of
     Hong Kong Venture Capital and Private Equity Association since August 2019; (ii) committee member of Mainland
     Business Advisory Committee of Hong Kong Trade Development Council since April 2022; (iii) board member of
     Prenetics Global Limited, a company listed on Nasdaq Stock Market (NASDAQ: PRE), since May 2022; (iv) board
     member of The LRC Charitable Foundation since June 2023; and (v) board member of Youngtimers AG since
     November 2024.


     Mr. Cheng holds a bachelor’s degree of science in quantitative finance in the Chinese University of Hong Kong. He is
     a member of CPA Australia.

     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Mr. LEE Chun Hin (李俊軒), aged 37, joined our Group on 10 July 2019 and is our financial controller and company
     secretary. He is primarily responsible for financial reporting, financial planning, treasury and financial control and
     corporate secretaries practices and procedures of our Group.

     Mr. Lee has over 15 years of experience in providing accounting and auditing services. He worked in BDO Limited
     from June 2015 to July 2019 with his last position as an audit manager. He has extensive experience in auditing and
     financial reporting, particularly with respect of companies listed on the Stock Exchange.

     Mr. Lee graduated from Edinburgh Napier University and further obtained a Master’s degree in Corporate
     Governance from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University in September 2022. He is a member of the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and the Hong Kong
     Chartered Governance Institute.

     Mr. GUI Siqing (桂四清), aged 60, is the financial controller of Chizhou Port Holdings. He has over 30 years of
     experience in accounting and financial management. He also has over ten years of experience in the port logistic
     services industry. Mr. Gui joined our Group on 3 June 2016 and is responsible for overseeing the day-to-day port
     operation and financial reporting of Chizhou Port Holdings. Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Gui worked at the
     Accounting Department and the small commodity branch of Anqing Department Store Company (安慶百貨公司) from
     July 1984 to December 2007 with his last position as a deputy manager, where he was responsible for overseeing
     the company’s financial and accounting operations. From December 2007 to May 2016, he worked in the financial
     department of Anqing Port Ocean Line Holdings Limited with his last position as the company general manager,
     where he was wholly responsible for the production and operation of the company.

     Mr. Gui obtained a Professional diploma in Financial Accounting from Anhui College of Finance and Commerce in
     July 1991.




16   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
DIRECTORS’ REPORT



The Directors are pleased to present this annual report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the year ended 31 December 2024.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in note 41 to
the consolidated financial statements.


RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income on page 88 of this annual report.


The Directors did not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year.


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS FOR ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The register of members of the Company will be closed from 23 May 2025 (Friday) to 28 May 2025 (Wednesday)
(both days inclusive, 4 business days in total) during which period no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order
to be eligible to attend and vote at the annual general meeting, unregistered holders of Shares of the Company
shall ensure that all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the
Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16
Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on 22 May 2025 (Thursday).


BUSINESS REVIEW AND PERFORMANCE
A fair review of the Group’s business, a discussion and analysis of the Group’s performance during the year and an
analysis of the likely future development of the Group’s business are set out in the Management Discussion and Analysis
from pages 6 to 12. Description of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group are set out in the Corporate
Governance Report from pages 28 to 42 of this annual report and note 36 to the consolidated financial statements.


Except as disclosed elsewhere in consolidated financial statement, there is no important event affecting the Group
that had occurred since the end of the year up to the date of this report. In addition, further discussion on the key
relationships with the Company’s key stakeholders, the Group’s environmental policies and performance as well as
compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group are provided throughout
the section “Environmental, Social and Governance Report”.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 17
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     Details of changes in the property, plant and equipment of the Group are set out in note 14 to the consolidated
     financial statements.


     SHARE CAPITAL
     There were no movements in the Company’s share capital during the year.


     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s articles of association (the “Articles”) or the laws
     of Cayman Islands which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders.


     RESERVES
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and of the Company during the year are set out in the
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity on from pages 91 to 92 and note 40 to the consolidated financial
     statements respectively.


     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
     As at 31 December 2024, the Company’s reserves, including the share premium account and retained profits,
     available for distribution Company (“Shareholders”), amounted to RMB32,756,000 (2023: RMB37,824,000).


     FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the published results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on
     page 167 of this annual report.


     MAJOR PROPERTIES
     Details of the major properties of the Group as at 31 December 2024 are set out on page 168 of this annual report.


     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     Other than the share option scheme as disclosed in note 38 to the consolidated financial statements, no equity-linked
     agreements were entered into by the Company during the year or subsisted at the end of the year.


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     During the year, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
     listed securities.




18   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
During the year, the revenue attributable from the Group’s five largest customers accounted for approximately
33.8% (2023: 37.3%) of the Group’s total revenue for the year and the revenue attributable from to the Group’s
largest customer amounted to approximately 14.5% (2023: 14.1%). Purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers
accounted for approximately 73.8% (2023: 79.1%) to the Group’s total purchases for the year and purchases from the
Group’s largest supplier amounted to approximately 58.5% (2023: 68.1%).


None of the Directors or any of their close associates or any shareholders (which, to the best knowledge of the
Directors, own more than 5% of the issue share capital of the Company as at the date of this annual report) had any
interest in any of the Group’s five largest customers and five largest suppliers.


DIRECTORS
The Directors during the year and up to the date of this annual report were:


Executive Directors:
Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi (Chairman)
Mr. Huang Xueliang


Non-executive Director:
Ms. Cheung Wai Fung


Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Nie Rui
Mr. Cheung Sze Ming
Mr. Cheng Yin Pan (appointed on 10 July 2024)
Dr. Li Weidong (resigned on 10 July 2024)


Biographical details of the Directors and senior management as at the date of this report are set out from pages
13 to 16 of this annual report. Details of Directors’ remuneration are set out in note 10 to the consolidated financial
statements.


In accordance with the Articles, at each annual general meeting one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if
their number is not a multiple of three (3), the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire from office by
rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at an annual general meeting at least once every
three years and a retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election and shall continue to act as a Director throughout
the meeting at which he retires. In accordance with the Articles, each of Mr. Cheung Sze Ming and Ms. Cheung Wai
Fung will retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company (“AGM”) and, being eligible, will offer
themselves for re-election thereat.


In accordance with the Articles, any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold
office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election.
In accordance with the Articles, Mr. Cheng Yin Pan will hold office until AGM and shall be eligible for re-election.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                   19
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service agreement with the Company for an initial term of three
     years commencing from the listing date of the Company, and will continue thereafter until terminated by not less
     than three months’ notice in writing served by either party on the other and subject to renewal.


     The non-executive Director and each of the INEDs has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company. The
     terms and conditions of each of such letters of appointment are similar in all material respects. The non-executive
     Director and each of the INEDs has been appointed with an initial term of three years commencing from the relevant
     dates of appointment subject to renewal and termination in certain circumstances as stipulated in the relevant letters
     of appointment.


     Save as aforesaid, none of our Directors has or is proposed to have a service contract with the Company or any of
     our subsidiaries (other than contracts expiring or determinable by the employer within one year without payment of
     compensation (other than statutory compensation)).


     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     No contracts, other than the service agreement, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any
     substantial part of the Group’s business were entered into or existed during the year.


     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
     During the year and up to the date of this report, the Company has in force permitted indemnity provisions which are
     provided for in the Articles and in the directors and officers liability insurance maintained for the Group in respect
     of potential liability and costs associated with legal proceedings that may be brought against the Directors and the
     directors of the Group respectively.




20   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS
IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
As at 31 December 2024, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company in
the shares (the “Shares”), underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within
the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which will be required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
Kong) (the “SFO”) (including interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such
provisions of the SFO) or which will be required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register
referred to therein, or which will be required, pursuant to Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of GEM Listing Rules to be notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange, will be as follows:


(A) Long position interests in the Shares

                                                                                                       Number of
                                                                                                 issued ordinary
                                                                                                     shares held/             Percentage of
       Name of Director                 Capacity/Nature of interests                                    interested             shareholding


       Kwai Sze Hoi                     Interest of a controlled                                      600,000,000                         75%
                                           corporation (Note)


       Cheung Wai Fung                  Interest of a controlled                                      600,000,000                         75%
                                           corporation (Note)

     Note: Vital Force Developments Limited (“Vital Force”) is legally and beneficially owned as to 58.4% by Kwai Sze Hoi, 38.9% by Cheung Wai
           Fung and 2.7% by Hongkong Shun Yi Industrial Co. Limited, which is a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability and
           owned as to 60% by Mr. Huang Xueliang. Kwai Sze Hoi and Cheung Wai Fung are deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by
           Vital Force under Part XV of the SFO. Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi is the chairman and an executive Director of the Company and a director of Vital
           Force. Ms. Cheung Wai Fung is a non-executive Director of the Company, a director of Vital Force and the spouse of Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi.
           Mr. Huang Xueliang is an executive Director of the Company.




                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                  21
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     (B) Long position interests in ordinary shares of associated corporation

               Name of                                                                                       Number of              Percentage of
               associated                                            Capacity/Nature                   issued ordinary             the Company’s
               corporation               Name of Director            of interests                           shares held               share capital


               Vital Force               Kwai Sze Hoi                Beneficial owner                              29,200                      58.4%
                                                                        (Note 1)


               Vital Force               Cheung Wai Fung             Beneficial owner                              19,466                      38.9%
                                            (Note 2)                    (Note 1)


               Vital Force               Huang Xueliang              Interest of                                    1,334                        2.7%
                                                                        a controlled
                                                                        corporation
                                                                        (Note 1)

          Notes:

          1.       Vital Force is legally and beneficially owned as to 58.4% by Kwai Sze Hoi, 38.9% by Cheung Wai Fung and 2.7% by Hongkong Shun Yi
                   Industrial Co. Limited, which is a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability and owned as to 60% by Mr. Huang Xueliang.

          2.       Cheung Wai Fung is the spouse of Kwai Sze Hoi.



     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, none of the Directors nor chief executives of the Company had any
     interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated
     corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would be required to be notified to the Company and
     the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO or would be required, pursuant to section
     352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or, pursuant to Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing
     Rules relating to securities transactions by the Directors, notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.


     SHARE OPTION SCHEME
     The Company has adopted a share option scheme (“Share Option Scheme”) on 10 July 2018 to provide incentive or
     rewards to participants including the Directors and eligible employees of the Group. Particulars of the Share Option
     Scheme are set out in note 38 to the consolidated financial statements. No share options were granted under the
     Share Option Scheme since its adoption.


     ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     Other than the share options as stated above, at the end of the year and at no time during the year was the
     Company, any of its holding companies, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the
     Directors or chief executives of the Company or their spouse or children under 18 years of age to acquire benefits by
     means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.




22   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
As at 31 December 2024, none of the Directors nor their respective close associates was interested in any business
which was considered to compete or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group
as required to be disclosed pursuant to the GEM Listing Rules.


CHANGES TO INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS
In accordance with 17.50A(1) of the GEM Listing Rules, the changes to information required to be disclosed pursuant
to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of 17.50(2) of the GEM Listing Rules during the course of the Directors’ terms of office
for the period from date of publication of the Company’s latest annual report up to the date of this annual report are
set out below:


1.     On 20 June 2024, the service agreements of Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi and Mr. Huang Xueliang, the executive Directors
       were renewed and effective from 10 July 2024 for another term of three years.


2.     On 20 June 2024, the letters of appointment of Ms. Cheung Wai Fung (non-executive Director) and Mr. Nie Rui
       (INED) were renewed and effective from 10 July 2024 for another term of three years.


3.     Dr. Li Weidong resigned as an INED and ceased to be the chairman of the Nomination committee and a
       member of each of the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee with effect from 10 July 2024.


4.     Mr. Cheng Yin Pan has been appointed as an INED, the chairman of the Nomination committee and a member
       of each of the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee with effect from 10 July 2024.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDER’S AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND
SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
So far as is known to the Directors, as at 31 December 2024, the following shareholders and persons (not being a
Director or chief executive of the Company) had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the
Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions
2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or who were, directly or indirectly, interested in 10% or more of the nominal value of
any class of share capital carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of any other member of the
Group:


Long position in the Shares

                                                                                                 Number of                   Percentage of
                                                                                             issued ordinary                the Company’s
 Name                         Capacity/Nature of interests                                       shares held                  share capital


 Vital Force                  Beneficial owner                                                   600,000,000                              75%

Note: Vital Force is legally and beneficially owned as to 58.4% by Kwai Sze Hoi, 38.9% by Cheung Wai Fung and 2.7% by Hongkong Shun Yi Industrial
      Co. Limited, which is a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability and owned as to 60% by Mr. Huang Xueliang. Kwai Sze Hoi
      and Cheung Wai Fung are deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Vital Force under Part XV of the SFO.




                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                23
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR
     CONTRACTS AND CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
     Continuing connected transaction
     During the year, the Group had the following transactions with connected person (as defined in the GEM Listing
     Rules) of the Company:


     Tenancy Agreement

                                                                   (i) Date of agreement
      Name of counterparty       Location                          (ii) Term (D/M/Y)               Amount of the year
                                                                                                             HK$’000


      Ocean Longevity            Room 2715–16, 27/F.,              (i)    30/11/2020                                570
       Company Limited             Hong Kong Plaza                        (the “1st Tenancy
       (“Ocean Longevity”)         188 Connaught Road                     Agreement”)
                                   West, Hong Kong                 (ii)   1/1/2021 – 31/12/2023


                                                                   (i)    30/11/2023 (Effective                     634
                                                                          from 1/12/2023)
                                                                          (the “2nd Tenancy
                                                                          Agreement”)
                                                                   (ii)   1/1/2024 – 31/12/2026

     The total annual rent payable under the 1st Tenancy Agreement and the 2nd Tenancy Agreement (including the
     estimated utilities and telephone charges) by Ocean Line Port Development (Hong Kong) Limited to Ocean Longevity
     would be approximately HK$600,000 and HK$665,000, respectively. The value of the right-of-use assets under the
     1st Tenancy Agreement and the 2nd Tenancy Agreement in aggregate to be recognised by the Group according to
     HKFRS 16 amounts to approximately HK$1,561,000 and HK$1,744,000, respectively, representing the present value of
     the lease payments payable under the fixed terms of the 1st Tenancy Agreement and the 2nd Tenancy Agreement
     in aggregate. Each of the total annual rent payable and each of the value of the right-of-use assets under the 1st
     Tenancy Agreement and the 2nd Tenancy Agreement is less than HK$3,000,000 per annum and less than the 5%
     percentage ratios (other than the profits ratio) mentioned in Rule 19.07 of the GEM Listing Rules, the amounts would
     fall below the de minimis threshold under Rule 20.74(1)(c) of the GEM Listing Rules and thus would not be subject to
     any reporting, announcement or independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 20 of the GEM
     Listing Rules.




24   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




Related party transactions
Save for the exempt continuing connected transaction disclosed above, the Group also entered into certain related
party transactions during the year which are contained in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements.


Save as disclosed above, there was no transaction, arrangement or contract which is significant in relation to the
business of the Company to which the Company, or any of its holding companies, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries
was a party and in which a Director or his/her connected entity had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
DIRECTORS
The Company has received, from each of the INEDs, an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 5.09
of the GEM Listing Rules. The Company considers that all of the INEDs are independent.


REMUNERATION POLICY
A written remuneration policy (which ensures a clear link to business strategy and a close alignment with the
Shareholders’ interest and current market best practice) is in place and the remunerations of Executive Directors will
take into account the Group’s operating results, individual performance and comparable market statistics. The INEDs
are paid fees in line with market practice. No individual should determine his or her own remuneration.


Employee’s remuneration was determined in accordance with individual’s responsibility, competence and skills,
experience and performance as well as market pay level. Remuneration package includes, as the case may be, basic
salary, Directors’ fee, contribution to pension schemes, discretionary bonus relating to financial performance of the
Group and individual performance, and other competitive fringe benefits such as medical and life insurances. Details
of the remunerations of the Directors and the five highest paid employees of the Group are set out in note 10 to the
consolidated financial statements.


DIVIDEND POLICY
The Board has adopted the policy that, in recommending or declaring dividends, the Company shall maintain
adequate cash reserves for meeting its working capital requirements and future growth as well as its shareholder
value. The Company do not have any pre-determined dividend payout ratio. The Board has the discretion to declare
and distribute dividends to the shareholders of the Company, subject to the Articles and all applicable laws and
regulations and the factors set out below:


(a)   financial results;


(b)   cash flow situation;


(c)   business conditions and strategies;




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 25
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     (d)   future operations and earnings;


     (e)   capital requirements and expenditure plan;


     (f)   interest of shareholders;


     (g)   any restrictions on payment of dividends; and


     (h)   any other factors that the Board may consider relevant.


     Depending on the financial conditions of the Company and the Group and the conditions and factors as set out
     above, dividends may be proposed and/or declared by the Board for a financial year or period:


     (a)   interim dividend


     (b)   final dividend


     (c)   special dividend


     (d)   any distribution of net profits that the Board may deem appropriate.


     Any final dividend for a financial year will be subject to shareholders’ approval. The Company may declare and pay
     dividends by way of cash or scrip or by other means that the Board considers appropriate. Any dividend unclaimed
     shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company in accordance with the Articles.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
     The Group has complied with the relevant laws and regulations. For the year ended 31 December 2024, there was no
     incident of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group.


     TAX RELIEF
     The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to Shareholders by reason of their holdings of the
     Shares.




26   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE IN RESPECT OF NON-COMPETITION DEED
Pursuant to a deed of non-competition undertaking dated 1 June 2018 (“Deed”) provided by Vital Force, Mr.
Kwai Sze Hoi and Ms. Cheung Wai Fung (“Covenantors”) in favour of the Company, the Covenantors had given
undertakings to the Company not to carry on, or be interested or involved or engaged in or acquire or hold any rights
or interest, whether directly or indirectly, in any of the Restricted Business (as defined in the Deed).


1.    Covenantors had confirmed that they had fully complied with the undertakings in the Deed and that the
      Company had not received nor was aware of any New Business Opportunities (as defined in the Deed) that
      required the Covenantors to offer to the Company by the Deed; and


2.    the INEDs had made an annual review on the compliance of the terms of the Deed by the Covenantors and the
      enforcement of the non-competition undertakings in the Deed and formed the view that the Covenantors had
      fully complied with the undertakings in the Deed.


RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEME
Details of the retirement benefit scheme of the Group are set out in note 4.11(b) to the consolidated financial
statements.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the Corporate Governance Report
from pages 28 to 42 of this annual report.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as at the
latest practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report, there was sufficient public float of at least 25% of the
Company’s issued Shares as required under the GEM Listing Rules.


AUDITORS
BDO Limited will retire at the forthcoming AGM and a resolution for their reappointment as auditors of the Company
will be proposed thereat.


On behalf of the Board




Kwai Sze Hoi
Chairman
Hong Kong
28 March 2025



                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                  27
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     The Corporate Governance Report is presented for the year ended 31 December 2024. The Company places high
     value on the corporate governance practice and the Board firmly believes that a good corporate governance practice
     can improve accountability and transparency for the benefit of the shareholders of the Company. The Board is
     committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance for the Company within a sensible framework.
     The Company has applied the principles as set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out
     in Appendix C1 of the GEM Listing Rules during the year. The CG Code sets out the principles of good corporate
     governance, code provisions and recommended best practices. Issuers are expected to comply with the code
     provisions or devise their own code on corporate governance on the terms they consider appropriate provided that
     considered reasons are given. Throughout the reporting period, the Company had complied with the applicable
     code provisions of the CG Code and there had been no deviation by the Company.


     The Company will continue to enhance its corporate governance practices appropriate to the conduct and growth
     of its business and to review its corporate governance practices from time to time to ensure they comply with the
     statutory requirements and regulations and the CG Code and align with the latest developments.


     THE BOARD
     Board Composition
     As at 31 December 2024, the Board comprised six Directors, with two Executive Directors, one Non-Executive
     Director and three INEDs who possess the skills, experience and expertise either in the same industry or relevant
     to the management of the business of the Group. The biographies of the Directors are set out on pages 13 to 16
     of this annual report under the “Biographies of Directors and Senior Management” section. The Board includes at
     least three INEDs with at least one INED possessing appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related
     financial management expertise at all times during the year.


     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
     Code provision C.2.1 requires that the roles of the chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and
     not be performed by the same individual. Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi has been appointed as the Chairman of the Board
     who provides the Board with strong and consistent leadership. With the support of the company secretary of the
     Company (“Company Secretary”), he ensures that all Directors receive, in a timely manner, adequate information
     and are properly briefed on issues arising at the board meetings. He is responsible for ensuring that the Board works
     effectively.


     Mr. Huang Xueliang is the chief executive officer of the Group who is responsible for the Group’s strategic planning,
     business growth and development as well as overseeing different functions. The Board considers that the current
     segregation of duties make the Board and the operation of the Group function effectively.




28   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Non-executive Directors
The INEDs are all professionals with valuable experience and expertise in legal, accounting or auditing in business
areas who contribute impartial view and make independent judgment on issues to be discussed at Board meetings.
Each of the INEDs has been appointed with an initial term of three years commencing from the relevant dates
of appointment subject to renewal. The terms of the INEDs are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election
provision under the Articles.

The Company had received confirmation of independence from each of the INEDs. The Board considered each
of them to be independent by reference to the factors as set out in Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules. The INEDs
had been expressly identified as such in all corporate communications of the Company that disclose the names of
Directors.

Roles and Responsibilities of the Board
The Company is headed by the Board which is responsible for the leadership, control and promotion of the success
of the Group in the interests of the Shareholders by directing and supervising its affairs and by formulating strategic
directions and monitoring the financial and management performance of the Group.

Delegation to the Management
The management is led by the Executive Committee of the Company (which comprises all the Executive Directors
of the Board) and has delegated powers and authorities to carry out the day-to-day management and operation of
the Group, formulate business policies and make decision on key business issues. The Executive Committee shall
have all powers and authorities of the Board except the following matters as set out in a formal schedule of matters
specifically reserved by the Board:

•    Publication of final, interim and quarterly results (if any) of the Company

•    Dividend distribution or other distributions

•    Major issues of treasury policy, accounting policy and remuneration policy

•    Changes to group corporate structure or Board composition requiring notification by announcements

•    Publication of the announcement for notifiable transactions and non-exempted connected transaction/
     continuing connected transactions

•    Non-exempted connected transactions/continuing connected transactions

•    Notifiable transactions requiring Shareholders’ approval

•    Capital restructuring and issue of new securities of the Company

•    Financial assistance to Directors




                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED              29
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Board independence
     To ensure independent views and input are available to the Board, the effectiveness of certain mechanisms and
     features of the Board’s structure are reviewed annually. For instance, the efficiency and quality of Board meeting
     discussions and the time commitment and proper discharge of duties of Directors are evaluated and assessed
     annually. Further, since the listing of the Company, at least half of the Board has comprised of non-executive
     Directors, and members of all board committees have been independent non-executive Directors.


     Board diversity policy
     The Company has adopted a board diversity policy which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain diversity on
     the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board.


     The Company seeks to achieve Board diversity through the consideration of a number of factors, including but not
     limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge
     and length of service.


     All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria,
     having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.


     Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age,
     cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills and knowledge. The ultimate decision will be
     made upon the merits and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board.


     The Nomination Committee will review the board diversity policy on an annual basis to ensure its continued
     effectiveness.


     For the purpose of implementation of the board diversity policy, the following measurable objectives were adopted:


     1.   at least one-third of the members of the Board shall be INEDs;


     2.   at least one of the members of the Board shall have obtained accounting or other professional qualifications;
          and


     3.   the Board shall have at least one member of a different gender.


     The Board has achieved the measurable objectives in the board diversity policy.




30   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




DIRECTOR NOMINATION POLICY
The Board has adopted the policy which sets out (1) the principles which guide the Nomination Committee to identify
and evaluate a candidate for nomination to (i) the Board for appointment or (ii) the shareholders of the Company for
election, as a director of the Company; (2) the nomination procedures; and (3) the requirement to ensure that the
Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Company.


The Nomination Committee shall consider a number of factors in making nominations, including but not limited to
the following:


(a)   Skills and Experience: The candidate should possess the skills, knowledge and experience which are relevant to
      the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries.


(b)   Diversity: Candidates should be considered on merit and against objective criteria, with due regard to the
      diversity perspectives set out in the Board Diversity Policy of the Company including but not limited to
      gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity and the balance of skills and experience in board
      composition.


(c)   Commitment: The candidate should be able to devote sufficient time to attend Board meetings and participate
      in induction, trainings and other Board associated activities. In particular, if the proposed candidate will
      be nominated as an INED and will be holding his/her seventh (or more) listed company directorship, the
      Nomination Committee should consider the reason given by the candidate for being able to devote sufficient
      time to the Board.


(d)   Standing: The candidate must satisfy the Board and The Stock Exchange that he/she has the character,
      experience and integrity, and is able to demonstrate a standard of competence commensurate with the
      relevant position as a director of the Company.


(e)   Independence: The candidate to be nominated as an INED must satisfy the independence criteria set out in
      Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules.


(f)   Others: Such other perspectives that are appropriate to the Company’s business plan and where applicable,
      may be adopted and/or amended by the Board and/or the Nomination Committee from time to time for
      nomination of directors.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED              31
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     If the Nomination Committee determines that an additional or replacement director is required, the Committee
     may take such measures that it considers appropriate in connection with its identification and evaluation of a
     candidate based on the criteria as set out above. The Nomination Committee may propose to the Board a candidate
     recommended or offered for nomination by a shareholder of the Company as a nominee for election to the Board.
     On making recommendation, the Nomination Committee may submit the candidate’s personal profile to the Board
     for consideration. The Board may appoint the candidate as director to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the
     Board or recommend such candidate to shareholders for election or re-election (where appropriate) at the general
     meeting.


     The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should review the overall contribution and service to the Company of
     the retiring director and the level of participation and performance on the Board. The Nomination Committee and/
     or the Board should also review and determine whether the retiring director continues to meet the criteria as set out
     above. The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should then make recommendation to shareholders in respect
     of the proposed re-election of director at the general meeting. Where the board proposes a resolution to elect or re-
     elect a candidate as director at the general meeting, the relevant information of the candidate will be disclosed in the
     circular to shareholders and/or explanatory statement accompanying the notice of the relevant general meeting in
     accordance with the listing rules and/or applicable laws and regulations.


     The Nomination Committee will conduct regular review on the structure, size and composition of the Board and this
     policy and where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the Board to complement the Company’s
     corporate strategy and business needs.


     Induction, Support and Professional Development of Directors
     All Directors have been given relevant guideline materials regarding the duties and responsibilities of being a
     Director, the relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Directors, duty of disclosure of interest and business
     of the Group and such induction materials will also be provided to newly appointed Directors shortly upon their
     appointment as Directors. All Directors have been updated on the latest developments of the GEM Listing Rules
     and other applicable regulatory requirement to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate
     governance practices. There is a procedure agreed by the Board to enable Directors, upon reasonable request, to
     seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses in order to assist
     them to perform their duties to the Company.




32   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Directors confirmed that they had complied with the Code Provision C.1.4 of the Code on Directors’ training.
During the year, each Director had participated in continuous professional development by attending seminars/
workshops/reading materials (where appropriate) on the following topics to develop and refresh their knowledge and
skills and has provided a record of training to the Company.

 Name of Directors                                       Topics of training covered for all Directors


 Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi                                        (1)   corporate governance
 Mr. Huang Xueliang                                      (2)   finance
 Ms. Cheung Wai Fung                                     (3)   industry specific
 Mr. Nie Rui                                             (4)   regulatory
 Mr. Cheung Sze Ming                                     (5)   anti-corruption
 Mr. Cheng Yin Pan (appointed on 10 July 2024)
 Dr. Li Weidong (resigned on 10 July 2024)

Directors’ Insurance
The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of any legal action against the Directors in
compliance with the requirements under the CG Code.

Directors’ Attendance
The attendance of Directors at the meetings during the year:

                                                          No. of meeting attended/eligible to attend
                                                              Audit Remuneration          Nomination Annual General
 Name of Directors                             Board     Committee       Committee        Committee Meeting (Note)


 Executive Directors
 Kwai Sze Hoi                                     4/4           N/A             N/A            N/A              1/1
 Huang Xueliang                                   4/4           N/A             N/A            N/A              1/1

 Non-executive Director
 Cheung Wai Fung                                  4/4           N/A             N/A            N/A              1/1

 Independent Non-executive Directors
 Nie Rui                                          4/4           4/4             1/1             1/1             1/1
 Cheung Sze Ming                                  4/4           4/4             1/1             1/1             1/1
 Mr. Cheng Yin Pan
   (appointed on 10 July 2024)                    2/2           2/2             0/0             0/0             0/0
 Dr. Li Weidong
   (resigned on 10 July 2024)                     2/2           2/2             1/1             1/1             1/1

 Total number of meetings held:                    4              4               1               1              1

Note:

AGM for 2023 was held on 29 May 2024.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED             33
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Upon reviewing (a) the confirmation of the time commitment given by each Director; (b) the directorships and major
     commitments of each Director; and (c) the attendance rate of each Director on the meeting(s), the Board is satisfied
     that all Directors have spent sufficient time in performing their responsibilities during the year.

     Board Meetings and Proceedings
     Regular Board meetings will be held at approximately quarterly intervals. The Directors have access to the advice
     and services of the Company Secretary and key officers of the company secretarial team for ensuring that the Board
     procedures as well as all applicable rules and regulations are followed.


     With the assistance of the Company Secretary, the meeting agenda is set by the Chairman of the Board in
     consultation with other Board members. Board meeting notice was sent to the Directors at least 14 days prior to each
     regular Board meeting. Relevant meeting materials together with all appropriate, complete and reliable information
     are generally sent to all Directors and relevant committee members at least 3 days before each meeting to enable
     them to make informed decisions.


     Minutes of Board meetings and Board committee meetings are drafted by the secretary of the meetings and
     recorded in sufficient details the matters considered and decisions reached, with draft and final versions being
     circulated to the Directors for their comment and records respectively. Originals of such minutes, being kept by the
     Company Secretary, are open for inspection at any reasonable time with reasonable notice by any Director.


     If a Director has conflict of interest in a matter to be considered by the Board which the Board has determined to
     be material, the matter will be dealt with by a physical Board meeting rather than a written resolution. That Director
     will abstain from voting on the relevant Board resolution in which he/she or any of his/her associates has a material
     interest and he/she shall not be counted in the quorum present at the Board meeting. INEDs who, and whose close
     associates, have no material interest in the transaction are present at that Board meeting.


     Board Committees
     To assist the Board in execution of its duties and facilitate effective management, certain functions of the Board have
     been delegated by the Board to the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee.




34   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



All of the members of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee are INEDs. Clear
written terms of reference of all the Board Committees are given to the respective members of these Committees.
Details of the Board Committees are set out below:


1.   Audit Committee
     The Audit Committee currently consists of three INEDs, namely Mr. Cheung Sze Ming (Chairperson of the
     Committee), Mr. Nie Rui and Mr. Cheng Yin Pan.


     The specific written terms of reference of the Audit Committee is available on the websites of the Stock
     Exchange and the Company. The Audit Committee is primarily responsible for, among other matters, (a) making
     recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of the external auditor; (b)
     reviewing and monitoring the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and effectiveness of the audit
     process; (c) approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of external auditor; and (d) reviewing
     financial information and overseeing the financial reporting system, risk management and internal control
     procedures. The Audit Committee held four meetings during the year for, inter alia, reviewing the Group’s
     annual results, the first quarterly results, interim results, the third quarterly results, the financial reporting and
     compliance procedures, the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems and discussing
     with the auditors about the audit plan.


2.   Remuneration Committee
     The Remuneration Committee currently consists of three members, namely Mr. Nie Rui (Chairman of the
     Committee), Mr. Cheung Sze Ming and Mr. Cheng Yin Pan.


     The specific written terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee is available on the websites of
     the Stock Exchange and the Company. The Remuneration Committee is primarily responsible for making
     recommendation to the Board on (a) the Company’s policy and structure of the remuneration of Directors and
     senior management; (b) the remuneration of INEDs; and (c) the specific remuneration packages of individual
     Executive Directors and senior management. Details of the remuneration of each of the Directors for the year
     are set out in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements. The Remuneration Committee has adopted the
     operation model where it performs an advisory role to the Board, with the Board retaining the final authority
     to approve the remuneration packages of individual Directors and senior management. The Remuneration
     Committee held one meeting during the year and performed the following:


     1.    Reviewed and approved the remuneration packages of all Directors and senior management of the Group
           to ensure that such remuneration is reasonable and not excessive.


     2.    Reviewed the staff policy and emolument policy of the Group.




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                    35
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     3.   Nomination Committee
          The Nomination Committee currently consists of three members, namely Mr. Cheng Yin Pan (Chairman of the
          Committee), Mr. Nie Rui and Mr. Cheung Sze Ming.


          The specific written terms of reference of the Nomination Committee is available on the websites of the
          Stock Exchange and the Company. The Nomination Committee is primarily responsible for (a) reviewing the
          structure, size and diversity of the Board; (b) reviewing the Board Diversity Policy; (c) determining the policy for
          the nomination of Directors and identifying potential candidates for directorship; (d) making recommendations
          to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment, re-election or re-designation of Directors and succession
          planning for Directors; (e) assessing the independence of INEDs; and (f) reviewing the time commitment of
          each Director. When selecting and recommending candidates for directorship during the year, the Nomination
          Committee considered the candidates based on merit having regard to the experience, skills and expertise as
          well as the overall board diversity and made recommendations to the Board as appropriate for its consideration.
          The Nomination Committee held one meeting during the year and performed the following:


          1.    Reviewed the Board Diversity Policy of the Company.


          2.    Approved the re-election of Directors of the Company.


          3.    Approved the appointment of new Director of the Company.


          4.    Reviewed the structure, size and composition including the skills knowledge and experience of the Board.


          As adopted by the Board, the Board Diversity Policy aims to achieve diversity on the Board in the broadest sense in
          order to have a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives to the business nature of the Company.
          Selection of candidates on the Board is based on a range of diversity perspectives, including gender, age, cultural
          and educational background, ethnicity, professional qualification and experience, skill, knowledge and length of
          service. The Nomination Committee will also assess the merits and contribution of any Director proposed for re-
          election or any candidate nominated to be appointed as Director against the objective criteria, with due regard for
          the benefits of diversity on the Board that would complement the Company’s corporate strategy.


     SECURITIES TRANSACTION OF DIRECTORS
     The Company adopted the required standard of dealings set out in Rules 5.48 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules as the
     code of conduct regarding directors’ securities transactions of the Company. Upon the Company’s specific enquiry,
     each Director had confirmed that during the year, they had fully complied with the required standard of dealings and
     there was no event of non-compliance.




36   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
The Directors acknowledged their responsibilities to prepare the consolidated financial statements of the Group and
other financial disclosures required under the GEM Listing Rules and the management has provided such explanation
and information to the Board to enable it to make an informed assessment of the financial and other Board decisions.
The Directors believe that they have selected suitable accounting policies and applied them consistently, made
judgments and estimates that are prudent and reasonable and ensured the consolidated financial statements are
prepared on a “going concern” basis. The auditor of the Company has made a statement about their reporting
responsibilities in the Independent Auditor’s Report.

The management has provided all members of the Board with monthly updates on internal financial statements
so as to give the Directors a balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s performance, position and
prospects.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board has overall responsibility for the design, implementation, monitor and review of the Group’s internal
control system including the internal control and risk management for the Company to ensure their effectiveness
and efficiency. The objective of internal control is to safeguard the Company’s assets and ensure its accounting
records are properly maintained, so that all the financial information is accurate and reliable. The Group has adopted
a series of internal control policies and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance for achieving the
objectives including effective and efficient operations, reliable financial reporting and compliance with applicable
laws and regulations, including those relating to the Company’s environmental, social and governance performance
and reporting. All employees are committed to continually enhancing the risk management measures to ensure that
these measures work in line with the growth of our business strategies and integrated into day-to-day operation of
the business. The Board shall at least annually review its risk management and internal control system.


Internal Controls
The Group has maintained internal control policies to provide sufficient guidelines for the management staff and
employees of the Company to work efficiently under a standardised work procedure. The internal control policies
cover various operating processes from risk assessment, financial reporting, cost management and staff recruitment.
The internal control system is generally overseen by the executive Directors and senior management and is reviewed
at least once a year. For cost effectiveness, the Group did not divert resources to establish a separate internal
audit department. Nevertheless, the Board will continue to review at least annually the need for an internal audit
department. During the year, the Group engaged an independent internal control consultant to perform the review
on internal control of the Group, including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management
functions. The Board concluded that the Group has maintained effective internal control measures to ensure that
the operations of the Group would be in full compliance with the CG Code and the applicable laws and regulations.
The Board is committed to implementing an effective and sound internal control system to safeguard the interest of
Shareholders and the Group’s assets and the internal control systems would be reviewed annually.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                37
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Risk Management
     In the course of conducting the business of the Group, the Company is exposed to various types of risks, including
     business risks, financial risks, environmental, social and governance risks, operation and other risks. The Board is
     ultimately responsible for the risk management of the Group and the risk management system is reviewed at least
     once a year. At operational level, a risk management team is in place to carry out risk identification and monitoring
     procedures. The risk management team consists of the operation staff, the Company Secretary and Mr. Kwai Sze
     Hoi. The objectives of the risk management process are to ensure that the operations of the Group would be in
     full compliance with the CG Code and the applicable laws and regulations enhance the governance and corporate
     management processes as well as to safeguard the Group against unacceptable levels of risks and losses. The risk
     management process of the Group would involve, among others, (i) risk identification and analysis exercise which
     involves assessment of the consequence and likelihood of risks and the development of risk management plans
     for mitigating such risks; and (ii) review of the implementation of the risk management plans and fine tune when
     necessary. During the year, the risk management process of the Group has been reviewed, and the Board considered
     that process was effective and adequate for the year.


     Procedures and Internal Controls for Handling and Dissemination of Inside Information
     In handing and dissemination of inside information, the Group:


     (i)     will conduct immediate dissemination once inside information is available and/or respective decision is made,
             except the inside information falling into the Safe Harbours of Securities and Futures Commission that allow
             non-disclosure;


     (ii)    complies with applicable laws, rules and guidelines on disclosure of inside information issued by Securities and
             Futures Commission;


     (iii)   decides and implements monitoring procedures regarding dissemination of inside information; and


     (iv)    communicates with relevant persons about corporate information disclosure practices with respective training.




38   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Anti-corruption and whistle-blowing
The Company takes a zero-tolerance approach to corruption or malpractice of any form throughout our operations.
We strictly prohibit the acceptance of money or any other gifts from external entities such as customers, suppliers,
contractors, authorities or other business partners. All employees are required to follow our Employee Handbook
which details a set of guiding principles for responsible business conduct.


In support of our policies on ethical behaviours, the Group’s whistle-blowing policy and grievance mechanism are
in place to allow employees at all levels and those who deal with the Group (e.g. customers and suppliers) to raise
concerns regarding any misconduct. To ensure whistleblowers have the freedom to report grievances without fear
of reprisal, all cases are treated in strict confidence and submitted to designated personnel for further investigation.
During the reporting year, there were zero cases of non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations, including
but not limited to the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance (Chapter 201 of laws of Hong Kong) relating to corrupt
practices.


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Company had established a shareholders’ communication policy and the Board reviews it on an annual basis.
The Board is satisfied with the implementation and effectiveness of the Company’s activities in communicating with
Shareholders and investors during the reporting period. The Company communicates with the Shareholders mainly
in the following ways: (i) the holding of AGMs and extraordinary general meetings, if any, which may be convened
for specific purposes which provide opportunities for the Shareholders to communicate directly to the Board; (ii) the
publication of announcements, annual reports, interim reports, quarterly reports (if any) and/or circulars as required
under the GEM Listing Rules and press releases providing updated information of the Group; and (iii) the availability
of latest information of the Group in the Company’s website at http://www.oceanlineport.com .


There is regular dialogue with institutional Shareholders. Shareholders and investors are welcome to visit the Company’s
website to raise enquiries and/or communicate their views on various matters affecting the Company. The relevant
contact details are available on the Company’s website. The Directors, Company Secretary or other appropriate
members of senior management of the Company respond to enquiries from Shareholders promptly. All Shareholders
are also welcomed to attend general meetings of the Company to discuss matters relating to the Group.


Separate resolutions will be proposed at the general meetings for substantial separate issues, including re-election
of retiring Directors. The Company’s notice to the Shareholders for the AGM will be sent to Shareholders at least 20
clear business days before the meeting and notices of all other general meetings will be sent to the Shareholders at
least 10 clear business days before the meetings.


All the Directors of the Company attended the AGM of the Company held on 29 May 2024 (the “2023 AGM”) and
the Chairman of the Board as well Chairman of each of the Board Committees made themselves available to answer
questions at the 2023 AGM. External auditor was invited and attended the AGM to address shareholders’ enquiries.




                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED               39
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     The forthcoming AGM will be held on 28 May 2025 which will be conducted by way of poll. The Chairman of the
     AGM and the chairman/members of the Board Committees will be available at the AGM to answer questions from
     the Shareholders. With the assistance of the Company Secretary, the Chairman of the meeting will explain the
     procedures for conducting a poll during the meeting.


     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
     Set out below is a summary of certain rights of the Shareholders as required to be disclosed pursuant to the CG
     Code.

     Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting/Right to call Extraordinary General Meeting
     Shareholder(s) representing at least 5% of the total voting rights of all the Shareholders having a right to vote at
     general meetings may send a request to the Company pursuant to Section 566 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter
     622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“CO”). The request must state the general nature of the business to be dealt with
     at the meeting, and may include the text of resolution that may properly be moved and is intended to be moved
     at the meeting. Requests may consist of several documents in like form. A request may be sent to the Company for
     the attention of the Company Secretary in hard copy form or in electronic form and must be authenticated by the
     relevant Shareholder(s). Such request will be verified with the Company’s share registrar and the Company Secretary
     will request the Board to convene a general meeting within 21 days upon its confirmation that the request is in order.
     Such meeting must be held on a date not more than 28 days after the date of the notice convening the meeting and
     such notice must include notice of the resolution.


     Section 568 of the CO provides that if the Directors do not within 21 days as stated above to call a general meeting,
     the Shareholders representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves call a
     general meeting, but the meeting so convened must be called for a date not more than 3 months after the Directors
     become subject to the requirement to call a meeting. The meeting must be called in the same matter, as nearly
     as possible, as that in which that meeting is required to be called by the Directors. The business that may be dealt
     with at the meeting includes a resolution to be dealt with at the meeting. All reasonable expenses incurred by the
     Shareholders of this purpose must be reimbursed by the Company.


     Putting forward Proposals at General Meetings/Right to Circulate Resolution at AGM
     Section 615 of the CO provides that (i) shareholder(s) representing at least 2.5% of the total voting rights of all
     Shareholders; or (ii) at least 50 Shareholders having a right to vote on the resolution at the AGM may request the
     Company to circulate a notice of a resolution may properly moved or is intended to be moved at that meeting. Such
     request must identify the resolution to be moved at the AGM, must be authenticated by the relevant Shareholder(s)
     and sent to the registered office of the Company for the attention of the Company Secretary in hard copy form or
     in electronic form not later than 6 weeks before the relevant AGM or if later, the time when the notice of AGM is
     despatched.


     Proposing a Person for Election as a Director
     The procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director are available for viewing on the
     Company’s website.




40   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Enquires from Shareholders
Shareholders should direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company’s share registrar, Tricor Investor
Services Limited. Other Shareholders’ enquiries can be directed to the Company Secretary of the Company whose
contact details are shown on the Company’s website.


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
There is no significant change in the Company’s constitutional document during the year.


AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE AND REMUNERATION
The Audit Committee is mandated to review and monitor the independence of the auditor to ensure objectivity and
the effectiveness of the audit process of the financial statements in accordance with applicable standard. Members of
the Audit Committee was of the view that the Company’s auditor, Messrs. BDO Limited (“BDO”) is independent and
had recommended the Board to re-appoint it as the Company’s auditor at the 2024 AGM. The fee paid/payable to
BDO for the year in respect of the audit services and non-audit services provided to the Company and its subsidiary
amounted to RMB770,000 and RMB127,000, respectively.


NON-COMPLIANCE OF GEM LISTING RULES AND REMEDIAL ACTIONS
On 9 November 2024, Chizhou Port Ocean Line Holdings Group Limited (“Chizhou Port Holdings”) (formerly known
as Chizhou Port Ocean Line Holdings Limited), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a joint venture agreement
with four joint venture partners, pursuant to which the parties to agreed to establish a joint venture company, namely
Chizhou Tie Hang Construction Investment Development Co., Ltd.* (池州鐵航建設投資發展有限公司) (“Chizhou
Tie Hang”) in Chizhou City, the PRC. Accordingly, Chizhou Tie Hang was incorporated on 9 November 2024 and is
principally engaged in design, investment and financing, construction, operation, management, maintenance and
handover of the project for the construction and operation of Guichi Mineral Products Transportation Railway Line
and the Chizhou Jiangkou Port Railway Line project (the “Project”). Chizhou Tie Hang is owned beneficially as to 24%,
51%, 10% and 10%, respectively by the four joint venture partners, and the remaining 5% by Chizhou Port Holdings.
Pursuant to the terms of the joint venture agreement (the “JV Agreement”), the proposed registered capital of
Chizhou Tie Hang is RMB200,000,000 and the initial capital commitment (the “Initial Capital Commitment”) made by
Chizhou Port Holdings to Chizhou Tie Hang to subscribe for the registered capital is RMB10,000,000.


On 16 December 2024, an advance was made by each of the shareholders of Chizhou Tie Hang to Chizhou Tie Hang in
proportion to their respective shareholding interests in Chizhou Tie Hang (as to approximately RMB1,515,000 by Chizhou Port
Holdings (the “Advance”)) for the purpose of financing the preliminary work for implementation of the phase one construction of
the Project.


The Advance (when aggregated with the Initial Capital Commitment of RMB10,000,000) constituted a discloseable
transaction on the part of the Company and the Company failed to announce the discloseable transaction as soon
as practicable after its terms have been agreed as required under Rule 19.34 of the GEM Listing Rule, constituting a
non-compliance of the GEM Listing Rules (the “Non-Compliance”).


Further details of the Non-Compliance event are set out in the clarification announcement of the Company dated 14
April 2025.




                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                     41
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     In order to prevent the occurrence of similar non-compliance incident in the future and to comply with the
     requirements under the GEM Listing Rules, the Company has taken or will take the following remedial actions


     (i)     the Company has published an announcement on 14 April 2025 in relation to the JV Agreement and the
             Advance to inform the shareholders of the details thereof and to re-comply with the requirements under Rule
             19.34 of the GEM Listing Rules;


     (ii)    the Company will issue a memorandum to the Board and senior management of the Company to report the
             incident of non-compliance of GEM Listing Rules in relation to the JV Agreement and the Advance and to
             reiterate the importance to strictly follow the internal control measures adopted by the Company to ensure that
             the Company will be able to comply with the applicable requirements under the GEM Listing Rules, and in case
             of any doubt, the Company will consult external legal advisers, financial advisers and/or the Stock Exchange in
             advance;


     (iii)   the Company will conduct an internal control review particularly in relation to the procedures of notifiable
             transaction of the Company and advances made to third parties and implement the necessary measures to
             enhance the internal control of the Company; and


     (iv)    the relevant personnel(s) of the Group (i.e. the Board and senior management of the Group (including the
             Company secretary of the Company and senior management of Chizhou Port Holdings)) will attend a training
             in relation to the requirements under Chapter 19 of the GEM Listing Rules to get himself/herself/themselves
             familiar with the requirements under the GEM Listing Rules and to ensure that he/she/they will procure the
             Company to comply with the requirements under the GEM Listing Rules in the future.


     As at 15 April 2025, being the latest practicable date prior to the printing of this annual report for ascertaining
     certain information in this annual report, the above remedial action (i) has been completed. It is expected the above
     remedial actions (ii) and (iv) shall be completed on or before 14 May 2025, and the above remedial action (iii) shall be
     completed around March 2026, when the annual internal control review is to be conducted as usual by the Company.




42   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




ABOUT THE REPORT
Introduction of the Report
This report is the Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Report (the “Report”) of Ocean Line Port
Development Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group” or “We”) for the current
financial year. This Report summarises the Group’s strategies, practices and vision regarding the ESG issues for the
year of 2024.

Reporting Scope and Reporting Period
Unless otherwise stated, this Report covers the achievements to environmental protection and social development
of two terminals that generate our major revenue and are operated by the Group, namely the Jiangkou Terminal and
Niutoushan Terminal. This Report explains the work performance with respect to the environment and social of the
Group from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024 (the “Year” or the “2024”) in details.

Basis for Preparation
This Report is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Code (the “ESG
Reporting Code”) set out in Appendix C2 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on
the GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). This Report also complies with the
“Comply or Explain” provision of the ESG Reporting Code and the reporting principles of materiality, quantitative,
balance and consistency. When preparing this Report, the Group adopted emission factors and international
standards listed in the ESG Reporting Code issued by the Stock Exchange using the same preparation method as the
previous year. For details on applying materiality reporting principle, please refer to the section headed “Materiality
Assessment” in this Report.


Contact of the Group
For details of the financial performance and corporate governance of the Group during the Year, please refer to the
website ( www.oceanlineport.com ) of the Group and the Annual Report.


Your opinion is of great value to the Group. If you have any suggestion and feedback on this Report and the
performance of the Group in respect of sustainable development, please post them to the principal place of business
of the Company in Hong Kong, which is located at Room 2715–16, 27th Floor, Hong Kong Plaza, 188 Connaught
Road West, Hong Kong.

Data Sources and Reliability Statement
The information disclosed in this Report comes from the Group’s internal documents, statistical reports and relevant
public materials. The Group confirms that the Report does not contain any false statement, misleading representation
or material omission and take responsibilities for its contents as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness.


Confirmation and Approval
The management team of the Group has confirmed to the board of directors (the “Board”) of the Group that the
ESG risk management and internal monitoring systems for the Year are effective.


This Report received approval at the meeting of the Board held on 28 March 2025 at Suite 2101, 21/F, Two
International Finance Centre, 8 Finance Street, Central, Hong Kong. This Report is released in both English and
Chinese versions. Should there be any discrepancies between the two versions, the English version shall prevail. The
electronic version of this Report can be viewed on the website of the Stock Exchange and website of the Company.


                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 43
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     MANAGEMENT OF ESG
     Statement of the Board
     As a responsible corporate citizen, the Group adheres to the concept of sustainable development, actively fulfils
     its corporate social responsibilities and incorporates ESG management into its business development decisions. In
     addition, the Group has been focusing on maintaining closer connections with different stakeholders.


     The Group has established governance structure to strengthen the ESG management. The Board assumes full
     responsibility for the ESG issues of the Group and fully monitors related risks and opportunities. The Board is
     responsible for formulating management approach, strategies and goals in relation to the Group’s ESG, regularly
     reviews the goals set by the Group and performance of the goals and review the strategies pursuant to the actual
     condition. To integrate the concept of sustainability and manage ESG issues effectively, the Group has established
     the ESG Working Group (“ESG Working Group”) to help the Board to monitor and promote the implementation
     of various ESG strategies. The ESG Working Group is also responsible for assisting the Board to identify important
     issues and rank their priorities in order of importance, regularly report to the Board on the effectiveness of the ESG
     system and performance of the Group and prepare the annual ESG report.


     In the future, the Board will continue to monitor and improve the Group’s measures and performance on sustainability
     and commit to create long-term values for all stakeholders and the communities where the business is located.


     Management structure

                                          •    The Board is responsible for monitoring ESG issues, including
                 The Board
                                               formulating related approach and strategies.


                                          •    The ESG Working Group is responsible for assisting the Board to execute
            ESG Working Group
                                               various daily management works for ESG issues.


                                          •    Each functional department is responsible for enforcing various measures
          Functional Departments
                                               for ESG issues formulated by the Group.




44   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Identification and Communication with Stakeholders
In the course of its operations, the Group continues to pay attention to major issues of interest of the stakeholders.
The Group understands the expectations and needs of its stakeholders through comprehensive and transparent
communication, and continues to improve the Group’s sustainable development strategies and plans based on
the opinions of its stakeholders, so as to consolidate mutual trust and cooperative relations and jointly achieve its
sustainable development plan, create a future with the coexistence of sustainable economic growth, environmental
friendliness and social development.


Information of Stakeholders

 Stakeholders             Possible matters involved                  Communication and response
 Stock Exchange           Compliance with the Listing Rules and      Meeting, training, seminar, programme,
                          timely and accurate publication of         website update and announcement
                          announcements

 The government           Compliance with laws and regulations,      Interaction and inspection, governmental
                          attention to social welfare and            inspection, tax return and other information
                          prevention of tax evasion

 Suppliers                Payment schedule and stable demand         On-site investigation

 Investors                Corporate governance system, business      Company’s website, general meeting,
                          strategies and performance and             provision of financial report or business report
                          investment returns                         for investors, media and analysts

 Media                    Corporate governance, environmental        Notice published on the Company’s website
                          protection and human rights

 Customers                Product/service quality, reasonable        On-site inspection and after-sales service
                          price, service value, labour protection
                          and work safety

 Employees                Rights, interests and welfare,             Holding of team activity, training and interview,
                          employee remuneration, training and        distribution of staff manual and internal
                          development, working hours and work        memorandum
                          environment

 Community                Community environment, employment          Development of social welfare sponsorship
                          and community development and              and donation
                          social welfare




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                45
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Materiality Assessment
     In order to ensure that this Report has fully covered and responded to the major concerns of stakeholders, in addition
     to regular communication with stakeholders, the Group has also referred to various resources of internal policies,
     industry trends and Material Map by Sustainability Accounting Standards Board to identify issues with potential and
     actual impact to the Group’s sustainable development.


     The Group analysed and prioritised the ESG issues identified based on certain factors such as its strategy,
     development and objectives. There were no significant changes in our stakeholders and operations during the Year.
     Therefore, the Group confirmed that the results of the materiality matrix from the ESG report of the previous year
     remained applicable for 2024, which could continue to fulfil stakeholders' expectations. The materiality matrix of ESG
     issues of the Group is as follows, and the results are as follows:

                                                                                                            Materiality Matrix
                         High                                                                                                                               1




                           Level of Influence on Stakeholders’ Assessment
                                                                                                                                                        2




                                                                                                                                            3
                                                                                                              4
                                                                                                                  5

                                                                                                        9              6
                                                                                       11                              7
                                                                                              12
                                                                                  14                                       8
                                                                                       13
                                                                                                                  10


                          Low
                                                                            Low             Significant impacts on Economic, Environmental and Social           High



                                                                                                                  ESG issues

                   1.    Health and safety                                                                                 8.    Anti-corruption

                   2.    Product responsibility                                                                            9.    Water consumption

                   3.    Labour standards                                                                                  10.   Community investment

                   4.    Climate change                                                                                    11.   Supply chain management

                   5.    Energy consumption                                                                                12.   Waste generation

                   6.    The environment and natural resources 13.                                                               Employment

                   7.    Development and training                                                                          14.   Emissions




46   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




ENVIRONMENT
Summary of Environment
The Group is an inland terminal operator in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), and mainly operates two
port terminals, namely, Jiangkou Terminal and Niutoushan Terminal, both of which are situated in Chizhou City,
Anhui Province, the PRC. Our services principally consist of the uploading and unloading services of bulk cargo, the
uploading and unloading services of containers, storage services and other relevant ancillary port services.


The Group has established a safety and environment department, led by a senior management member, for
supervising and managing issues relating to environmental protection and emission of hazardous dust and materials,
in order to ensure the Group’s compliance with existing requirements on environmental protection during its
business operations.


The Group strictly adheres to a series of national and local municipal government’s laws on environmental protection
by the state and local governments in the course of all business activities and production processes. During the Year,
we obtained all necessary local and national permits as well as various emissions approvals and licenses, including
but not limited to Port Operation License ( 港口經營許可證 ), Statement of Compliance of a Port Facility ( 港口設施保
安符合證書 ), Road Transportation Operation License ( 道路運輸經營許可證 ), Affiliate Permit for Handling Hazardous
Goods at Ports ( 港口危險貨物作業附證 ).


During the Year, the Group complied with all environment-related laws, including but not limited to the Water
Pollution and Prevention Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國水污染防治法》), the Law of the PRC on the Prevention
and Control of Atmospheric Pollution (《中華人民共和國大氣污染防治法》), the Solid Pollution and Prevention Law
of the PRC (《中華人民共和國固體廢物污染環境防治法》), Cleaner Production Promotion Law of the PRC (《中華
人民共和國清潔生產促進法》) and the Environmental Protection Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國環境保護法》).
Meanwhile, we were not involved in any confirmed non-compliance relating to environmental protection that would
have a material impact on the Group.


The Group and Environment
Intensive transportation and cargo handling activities at our terminals generate limited noise and cause water and
dust pollution. In regard to this, the Group has established internal environmental policies and engaged a third-party
agency with professional qualifications for conducting environment assessment of the Group. We hope to ensure
observance of legal obligations and requirements for normal operation through regular monitoring and inspection.


In order to effectively control dust and water pollution, we have implemented the following environmental protection
measures:


•    Setting up dust screens, dust-prevention walls and nets;


•    Setting up water spraying equipment and improving the sprinkling system; and


•    Setting up dust inspection system.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                47
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Emissions
     This Report is prepared in accordance with the ESG Reporting Code of the Stock Exchange with a focus on direct
     greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions (Scope 1) and energy indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2), whereas other indirect
     GHG emissions (Scope 3) are excluded from the Report. The Group’s main source of direct GHG emissions is the
     use of gas cooking appliances and vehicles, and the main source of indirect GHG emissions is the consumption of
     purchased electricity.


     To support our port logistic services, in addition to private vehicles for customers pick up, we are also equipped with
     loaders, tractors, sprinkler trucks and shuttle buses. We regularly conduct routine inspection to keep the vehicles at
     their optimal condition, thereby improving fuel consumption efficiency and ensuring road safety.


     The Group is aware of the increasingly stringent laws and regulations in relation to environmental protection.
     Therefore, we are gradually using electric machines to replace the traditional diesel-powered horizontal transport
     machines at our ports with high emissions. The Group has prepared a Survey on Horizontal Transport Machine at
     Port and the Implementation of ‘Replacing Diesel with Electricity’ to record the progress of “replacing diesel with
     electricity”.


     During the Year, we generated a total of 999.69 kg of nitrogen oxides (NOx), 73.29 kg of particulate matter (PM), 2.92
     kg of sulphur oxides (SOx) and 6,922,536.12 kg of CO2e in GHG emissions, with details of the emission data set out
     below:


         KPI — Emissions1                                                    Unit                                                  Data
                                                                                                        Type of
         KPI A1.1                       Source                          2024                  2023      emissions             2024              2023
         Emissions — Vehicle emissions data

                                        Kilometres            269,414.88 km          362,044.36 km      Nitrogen         999.69 kg        1,523.96 kg
                                        travelled by                                                    oxides (NOx)
                                        vehicles

                                                                                                        Particulate        73.29 kg        112.82 kg
                                                                                                        Matter (PM)

                                        Units of fuel consumed by vehicles

                                        Diesel               177,076.25 litre        158,016.22 litre Sulphur oxides        2.92 kg           2.62 kg
                                                                                                        (SOx)
                                        Petrol                  4,497.10 litre         5,393.32 litre




     1
             The calculation of emissions is based on “How to prepare an ESG Report — Appendix 2: Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs” issued by
             the Stock Exchange.




48   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




    KPI — GHG emissions2                                                    Unit                                                    Data
                                                                                                          Type of
    KPI A1.2                         Source                             2024                      2023    emissions             2024            2023
    GHG emissions in total

    Scope: Direct GHG emissions from operations that are owned or controlled by the Company

    Scope 1 – Direct GHG             Fuel consumption                                                     Amount of emissions
    Emissions
                                     Diesel                  177,076.25 litre         158,016.22 litre

                                     Petrol                    4,497.10 litre            5,393.32 litre                  489,288.48        437,514.89
                                                                                                                           kg CO2e           kg CO2e
                                     Liquefied                   120.00 litre            1,575.00 litre
                                     petroleum gas
                                                                                                          kg CO2e
    Scope 2 — Energy indirect        Purchased           11,283,608.00 kWh         14,648,482.00 kWh                   6,435,041.64     8,354,029.28
    GHG emissions                    electricity                                                                           kg CO2e          kg CO2e

    GHG emissions removals           Newly planted                  78 trees                  69 trees                     (1,794.00)       (1,587.00)
                                     trees                                                                                  kg CO2e          kg CO2e

    Total GHG emissions                                                                                                6,922,536.12 8,789,957.17
                                                                                                                           kg CO2e      kg CO2e

    Intensity of total GHG emissions3                                                                                     33,768.47        41,074.57
                                                                                                                          kg CO2e/         kg CO2e/
                                                                                                                          employee         employee


During the Year, the intensity of total GHG emissions of the Group decreased by 17.79% compared to the previous
year. Specifically, Scope 1 emissions demonstrated an upward trend while Scope 2 continued to decline. The rise
in Scope 1 was mainly due to higher fuel consumption caused by practice adjustments, in particular, the increase in
short-distance transportation and ground operations within the yard, as a result of changes in the customer and cargo
types of the Group.


In comparison, the reduction in Scope 2 is mainly owing to the property tenants at our two ports being responsible
for their own electricity usage and payment based on their development needs. As the Group does not maintain such
data records, this part of electricity usage will no longer be included in the electricity accounts of the Group since
2024. In addition, we strengthened electricity management and launched a technological innovation initiative with
the aim of lowering the electricity demand of various auxiliary machinery within the yard, further promoting an overall
reduction in Scope 2 emissions.


2
         GHG emissions are presented on a CO 2-equivalent basis with reference to, including but not limited to, “Greenhouse Gas Protocol:
         Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standards” published by the World Resources Institute and the World Business Council for Sustainable
         Development, “Notice on Improving the Reporting and Verification of GHG Emissions of Enterprises of Certain Key Industries in the Period
         of 2023-2025 (《關於做好2023–2025年部分重點行業企業溫室氣體排放報告與核查工作的通知》)” published by the Ministry of Ecology and
         Environment of the PRC, “Global Warming Potential Values” from the “Sixth Assessment Report” provided by the Intergovernmental Panel on
         Climate Change (IPCC) and “How to prepare an ESG Report — Appendix 2: Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs” issued by the Stock
         Exchange.
3
         On 31 December 2024, the total number of employees of the Group was 205 (2023: 214). This data will also be used for the calculation of other
         intensity-related figures.



                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                  49
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Furthermore, the Group increased tree planting in 2024 as well for further control of GHG emissions, enabling the
     Group to achieve the goal of maintaining or reducing the intensity of total GHG emissions during the Year using the
     previous year as the baseline year. Looking forward, the Group will spare no effort in controlling the GHG emissions
     of the Group. We aim to achieve the goal of maintaining or reducing the intensity of total GHG emissions in the next
     year, using 2024 as the baseline year, through measures such as vehicle management, energy-saving policies, and
     green initiatives.


     Waste Generation
     The Group adheres to the principles of waste management and is committed to the rational management and
     disposal of waste generated from its business activities. The Group maintains high standards of waste reduction,
     educates its employees on the importance of sustainable development and provides them with relevant support to
     enhance their skills and knowledge in sustainable development. Due to the nature of its business, the Group does
     not generate significant amounts of hazardous waste in its day-to-day operations and therefore no related goals have
     been established. Nevertheless, we endeavour to reduce waste. If any hazardous waste is generated, the Group will
     engage qualified chemical waste collectors to handle such waste in order to comply with the relevant environmental
     laws and regulations.


     The main non-hazardous waste generated from our operations are paper and domestic waste. To reduce waste
     generation, we actively promote a “paperless” work environment and have implemented relevant measures,
     including but not limited to:


     •       Adopting an electronic mode of operation to centralise the processing of documents and files; and


     •       Regularly communicating environmental messages to employees, such as requiring employees to print on both
             sides and reuse paper printed on only one side in order to minimise paper consumption.


     During the Year, we generated a total of 16.60 tonnes of non-hazardous waste and details of the emission data are
     set out below:


         KPI — Non-hazardous waste                                                                        Unit and Data
         KPI A1.4                                        Source                                           20244                  2023
         Non-hazardous waste emissions

                                                         Paper                                      0.30 tonnes                   N/A

                                                         Domestic waste                            16.30 tonnes                   N/A

         Total emissions of non-hazardous                                                          16.60 tonnes           17.90 tonnes
         waste

         Intensity of total non-hazardous                                                                  0.08                   0.08
         waste emissions                                                                        tonnes/employee   tonnes/employee


     4
             The Group has newly added the types of domestic waste in its disclosure in 2024.




50   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



During the Year, the intensity of total non-hazardous waste emissions was substantially the same as that of the
previous year, achieving the goal of maintaining or reducing the intensity of total GHG emissions during the Year
using the previous year as the baseline year. Looking forward, the Group will continue to reduce non-hazardous
waste emissions and aims to achieve the goal of maintaining or reducing the intensity of total non-hazardous waste
emissions within the next year, using 2024 as the baseline year.


Use of Resources
Energy Consumption
In its daily operation, the Group’s direct energy consumption is diesel and petrol consumed by vehicles and liquefied
petroleum gas (LPG) for gas cooking appliances, while indirect energy consumption includes purchased electricity.
Our electricity consumption is mainly for the purpose of daily operation of the Group’s office and the machines and
equipment at the terminals. With respect to the office operation, electricity is required for maintaining the operation
of air conditioners, computers and other office equipment. Meanwhile, our machines and delivery equipment at the
terminals, including conveyors belts and cranes, also need electricity to drive.


To effectively use the Group’s resources, we have taken the following measures to save electricity in the Group’s
office:


•     Switch off the lightings and electrical appliances when not in use to reduce energy consumption;


•     Maintain the indoor temperature at an optimal level and switch off the air conditioner when it is not needed;


•     Switch off the air conditioner and lightings after office hours and in idle rooms; and


•     Our staffs are required to switch their computers and other equipment into hibernation mode or turn them off
      when they leave the office, including when paying visits to clients and during lunch hour.


Besides, we will strictly control the consumption of electricity by each machine and equipment item in order to
reduce the electricity consumption of the machines and equipment items at our terminals. Each and every production
unit will, on a regular basis, inspect and control the electricity consumption of each machine and equipment. They
will actively look into the reason when a certain machine and equipment item in a certain month consume more
electricity than it does in other months and implement corresponding measures to reduce electricity consumption of
the equipment.


In addition, our equipment department will carry out regular maintenance of the machines and equipment. We
have put in place a set of maintenance specification, e.g. 1,000 hours of maintenance specification. Our equipment
department will carry out a set of maintenance procedures according to our maintenance specification when our
equipment items have been operated beyond a stipulated number of hours to ensure our equipment items are in
effective operation and reduce unnecessary consumption of resources.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED               51
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Details of the Group’s energy consumption emission data are set out below:


         KPI — Energy consumption                                                                               Unit and Data
         KPI 2.1                                      Source                                                     2024                      2023
         Direct energy consumption emissions5

                                                      Diesel                                     1,895,288.70 kWh           1,691,284.72 kWh

                                                      Petrol                                         43,583.01 kWh             52,268.60 kWh

                                                      Liquefied petroleum gas                            871.71 kWh            11,441.25 kWh

         Indirect energy consumption emissions

                                                      Purchased electricity                     11,283,608.00 kWh          14,648,482.00 kWh

         Total emissions from energy                                                            13,223,351.42 kWh          16,403,476.57 kWh
           consumption

         Intensity of total energy                                                                         64,504.15                 76,651.76
           consumption emissions                                                                     kWh/employee             kWh/employee


     During the Year, the intensity of total energy consumption emissions of the Group decreased by 15.85% compared
     to the previous year. Data shows that the performance trend of energy consumption is similar to the trend of GHG
     emissions. Specifically, direct energy consumption increased whereas indirect energy consumption decreased
     significantly.




     5
             The unit conversion method for energy consumption data is customized with reference to the “Energy Statistics Manual” published by the
             International Energy Agency.




52   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Among direct energy consumption, the usage of liquefied petroleum gas has significantly decreased, mainly due
to outsourcing operation of the staff canteen of the Group, with a third party being responsible for record and
payment for the usage of such liquefied petroleum gas. Therefore, this number fell in 2024. Meanwhile, higher fuel
consumption caused by practice adjustments, in particular, the increase in short-distance transportation and ground
operations within the yard, as a result of changes in the customer and cargo types of the Group, which in turn led to a
significant increase in direct energy consumption.


In comparison, the significant reduction in indirect energy consumption is mainly due to the property tenants
at our two ports building their own power supply systems in response to their development needs. This part of
electricity usage will no longer be included in the electricity accounts of the Group since 2024. In addition, we also
strengthened electricity management and launched a technological innovation initiative with the aim of lowering the
electricity demand of various auxiliary machinery within the yard, further promoting an overall reduction in indirect
energy consumption. Based on the various reasons above, the total energy consumption emissions of the Group
demonstrated a downward trend during the Year, achieving the goal of maintaining or reducing the intensity of total
energy consumption emissions during the Year, using the previous year as the baseline year. Looking forward, the
Group will continue to reduce the total energy consumption emissions and aims to achieve the goal of maintaining or
reducing the intensity of total energy consumption emissions within the next year, using 2024 as the baseline year.


Water Consumption
Due to the nature of the Group’s business, water consumption is insignificant, primarily arising from the daily use
of water by employees in the office during working hours, and does not include hazardous wastewater. Due to the
geographical location of the Group’s operations, there are no issues in sourcing water that is fit for the purpose.


To reduce the incidence of water pipes freezing and leaking due to the severe cold weather in winter, the Group
regularly uses antifreeze materials to insulate the pipes, protecting them from low temperatures and further
preventing the waste of water resources. Although the Group’s water consumption is minimal, it remains committed
to reducing its environmental impact by fostering and enhancing a water-saving culture among its employees.




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                53
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Details of the Group’s water consumption emission data are set out below:


      KPI — Water consumption                                                                  Unit and Data
      KPI A2.2                                Source                                            2024                  2023
      Emissions from water consumption

      Total emissions from water              domestic water                           30,400.00 m3            27,587.00 m3
        consumption

      Intensity of total water consumption                                                148.29 m3/             128.91 m3/
        emissions                                                                          employee              employee


     During the Year, the intensity of total water consumption emissions of the Group increased by 15.03% compared to
     the previous year. The major reason for this increase is that the water consumption of new corporate tenants within
     the port areas during the Year was included in the statistics, leading to a slight rise in the water consumption of the
     Group compared to last year, thus unable to achieve the goal set in the previous year to maintain or reduce the
     intensity of total water consumption emissions during the Year, using 2023 as the baseline year. Looking forward,
     the Group will continue to control water consumption and aims to achieve the goal of maintaining or reducing the
     intensity of total water consumption emissions within the next year, using 2024 as the baseline year.


     The Environment and Natural Resources
     The offices of the Group in their daily operations do not have significant impacts on environment or natural resources.
     The Group has always adhered to the principle of environment and natural resources protection in the course of
     its operations, and strives to avoid causing significant impacts on the environment or over-consumption of natural
     resources.




54   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Climate Change
In response to the international community’s concern on climate change, the Group has included climate change-
related risks as one of the ESG issues, and made relevant disclosures based on the recommendations of the Task
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures.


The Group’s analysis of potential financial risks brought by climate change and response strategies are as follows:


 Risk type      Possible financial effects                     Short-term   Medium-term      Long-term         Response strategy
                Low █ Medium █ High █                          (during      (1 to 3 years)   (4 to 10 years)
                                                               the Year)

 Physical       Acute                                                                                          Develop safety rules and contingency
 risks          Extreme weather conditions such as                                                             plans in response to extreme weather
                intensified floods leading to asset loss or                                                    conditions
                supply chain interruption

                Chronic                                                                                        Adopt energy saving policies and
                Continuous high temperature and extreme                                                        green measures to avoid excessive
                hot weather leading to increased electricity                                                   consumption of natural resources
                consumption, consequently affecting
                operation cost

 Transitional   Policies and regulations                                                                       Strictly implement emissions
 risks          More stringent climate policies and                                                            reduction measures, such as vehicle
                regulations, such as stricter power                                                            management measures, to maintain
                constraints, may increase compliance cost                                                      a low emissions level
                and operating cost

                Market                                                                                         Adhere to the Group’s sustainable
                Consumers turned to be more active in                                                          development philosophy, strictly
                environmental protection, resulting in a                                                       control services and operation
                decrease in income                                                                             processes to meet consumer and
                                                                                                               market expectations


Although the climate change risks identified by the Group do not have a significant impact on its business, the Group
will also review the potential impact of climate change on its business annually and adopt corresponding measures to
reduce any potential risks.




                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                             55
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     SOCIETY
     Employment and Labour Standards
     Overview of Human Resources
     We strongly believe that employees are the crucial cornerstone of corporate growth and an indispensable part of
     sustainable development. Therefore, we wish to attract and retain talents through competitive compensation and
     welfare mechanism and quality promotion opportunities. The Group strives to safeguard the statutory benefits of all
     of our employees, and strictly adheres to various labour laws and regulations in the PRC, including but not limited to
     the PRC Labour Law (《中華人民共和國勞動法》), the PRC Labour Contract Law (《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》),
     and the PRC Social Insurance Law (《中華人民共和國社會保險法》).


     Furthermore, we hope to continuously enhance our service quality and increase the development opportunities for
     employees. Therefore, we provide a series of training to employees to improve their knowledge regarding business
     operation and safety guidelines.


     During the Year, the Group strictly complied with the labour laws and relevant regulations in the PRC and was not
     involved in any confirmed non-compliance relating to employment that would have a material impact on the Group.


     Employment
     The Group has prepared the Staff Handbook (《員工手冊》) in accordance with applicable labour laws and
     regulations, covering various policies on human resources, including but not limited to, recruitment and promotion
     procedures, training, performance assessment management, salary and benefits, working hours, leave and other
     vacations (including marriage leave, bereavement leave, work-related injury leave and maternity leave).




56   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



At 31 December 2024, the Group has in total 205 (2023: 214) employees. Details of the employees are as follows:


                                            Total number of employees
                                                                                            2024              2023


Total number of employees                                                                    205                  214
By gender
Male                                                                                         183                  193
Female                                                                                        22                   21
By age group
< 25                                                                                           5                   1
25–29                                                                                          6                   10
30–39                                                                                         52                   51
40–49                                                                                         58                   64
≥ 50                                                                                          84                   88
By employment type
Full time                                                                                    205                  214
Part time                                                                                      0                   0
By geographical region
Mainland China                                                                               204                  213
Hong Kong                                                                                      1                   1



                                                 By Gender
                                                Male         Female

                                  11%




                                                                              89%




                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                57
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                            By Age Group
                                   <25     25–29     30–39   40–49   ≥50

                                  3%                                 3%


                                                                     25%
                                 41%




                                                                     28%




                                         By Employment Type
                                             Full time   Part-time

                                                                     0%




                                                                     100%




58   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



During the Year, a total of 25 (2023: 23) employees of the Group resigned. The following sets out the statistics of
employee turnover:


                                             Employee turnover rate6
                                                                                                                  2024                  2023


Total turnover rate                                                                                               12%                   11%
By gender
Male                                                                                                              13%                   11%
Female                                                                                                              9%                    5%
By age group
< 25                                                                                                              20%                  100%
25–29                                                                                                             33%                   30%
30–39                                                                                                             10%                   10%
40–49                                                                                                               3%                    3%
≥ 50                                                                                                              18%                   14%
By geographical region
Mainland China                                                                                                    12%                   11%
Hong Kong                                                                                                           0%                    0%


Recruiting and Retaining Talents
We believe that the Group’s business success and development depend on the contribution and devotion from
our employees. Hence, we actively make resource investments and provide favourable compensation and benefit
packages to attract and motivate talents. We have in place a clear incentive policy, and, based on the competence
and performance of staff, grant rewards to them accordingly, so as to enhance employees’ motivation.


In addition, we determine fair compensation based on employee contribution and market standards. We have
established a comprehensive staff performance assessment mechanism to unify evaluation criteria regarding
performance of each employee during the year, with the evaluation results linked to staff salary and annual
performance bonus.




6
       Overall employee turnover rate = (number of employees who left during the year/number of employees at the end of the year) x 100%;
       employee turnover rate by category = (number of employees by category who left during the year/number of employees by category at the end
       of the year) x 100%.




                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                               59
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Welfare and Leave
     The Group has adopted a standardised working hour system, pursuant to which, the daily working time of employee
     is kept within eight hours and the weekly working time is limited to within 40 hours. The Group ensures that the staffs
     are entitled to all statutory holidays, as well as marriage, bereavement, maternity leave and paid annual leave, in
     strict compliance with the national requirements. Meanwhile, we make social security contributions for all our staffs,
     including unemployment, medical, maternity, work-related injury, pension and housing provident funds. In order to
     ensure the personal health of employees and maintain a safe work environment, all employees are required to go
     through the health check organised by the Group before induction. We genuinely care about the physical and mental
     health of employees, and encourage them to participate in the sport, cultural and leisure activities organised by the
     Group to stay healthy both physically and mentally.


     Tolerance
     The Group strives to provide an all-embracing and harmonious work environment with zero harassment or
     discrimination being tolerated. All recruitment, promotion and termination decisions are solely based on performance
     and carried out through fair and transparent procedures, regardless of race, skin colour, nationality, religion, gender,
     age and disability. In the course of operation, we will not use illegal means of violence, threatening or activity
     restriction etc. to force employees to work.


     Diversity Policy
     We attach great importance to the non-discrimination principle of management and strive to create a diversified
     working environment. In terms of Board composition, the Group has established a Director nomination procedure
     which enables the Group’s shareholders to recommend any eligible person to stand for the election of Director.


     Pursuant to our board diversity policy, recommendation for Board candidates will be based on different backgrounds
     and expertise, criteria of recommendation include but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
     background, professional knowledge, skills and relevant experience. Elected Directors should have certain
     advantages in the above criteria and are able to bring contribution to the Board. At least one male Director and
     one female Director should be included in the elected Directors in order to achieve board diversity. The Board
     comprises Directors with sufficient relevant experience and from various professional backgrounds, including financial
     accounting, as well as male and female members, as a result, we consider the current composition of the Board of
     the Group satisfies the requirements of diversity policy. The nomination committee is responsible for conducting
     continuous review on the Board composition to ensure the requirements of diversity policy are satisfied.


     Save for the Board, we also implement non-discrimination and diversity policy in the working environment of general
     employees. The current employee structure of the Group comprises both male and female employees, both of which
     are entitled to similar career development opportunities and welfare. We will continue to refine our diversity policy in
     the future, including increasing the proportion of female in the employee structure.




60   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Health and Safety
We attach great importance to occupational health and are committed to create a safe and healthy working
environment for our staffs.


The Group is in strict compliance with all applicable national and local laws and regulations in relation to health
and safety, including the Work Safety Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國安全生產法》), the Law of the PRC on the
Prevention and Treatment of Infectious Diseases (《中華人民共和國傳染病防治法》) and the Law of the PRC on the
Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases (《中華人民共和國職業病防治法》), etc.


The Group did not have any fatalities in the past three years, including the Year. However, the Group had one case
of work injury during the Year (2023: one case) and the number of working days lost was 25 days (2023: 65 days).
The Group reported the case to the local department of work injury of the Ministry of Human Resources and Social
Security immediately after the incident. During the period of the employee’s injury, the Group also arranged for
management to offer consolation, and provided corresponding leaves for work injury in accordance with the relevant
provisions of the Civil Code of the PRC (《中華人民共和國民法典》), during which wages are also calculated and
paid in accordance with the standard of working hours. The Group will periodically update our Staff Manual for Safety
Production (《員工安全生產手冊》) to clarify the requirements for internal safety operation procedures, committing
to provide a safe and healthy working environment.


The Group has placed social insurance for all staffs in compliance with the law to ensure that those who experienced
work-related incidents can obtain adequate medical coverage. We have held a special meeting concerning the
incident to enhance education and reinforce the awareness of our staffs regarding protection and safety.


In order to enhance our staffs’ safety awareness and ability to prevent accident, we have developed the Operation
Procedures for Safety Production (《安全生產操作流程 》), which primarily comprise the details and key points for
safety operation in each high-risk work, including operations of uploading and unloading packaged goods, clearing
up vessels and importing bulk cargoes. In addition, our Staff Manual for Safety Production (《員工安全生產手冊》)
has set out safety working procedures, proper wearing of labour protection items and safety operation rules for each
production unit.


Meanwhile, we have set up a safety committee which is responsible for organising safety training programmes and
activities. Our safety committee will also update the Staff Manual for Safety Production (《員工安全生產手冊》)
from time to time in accordance with applicable safety laws and regulations to ensure our operation procedures are
executed in strict compliance with national requirement.


Moreover, we have implemented a series of measures, so as to create a favourably comfortable and healthy work
environment:


•    Timely maintain our machines and equipment to ensure their proper operation;


•    Ensure that all staffs are equipped with adequate labour protection items; and


•    Carry out fire prevention and fire safety training and drills on a regular basis.



                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED             61
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Development and Training
     We firmly believe that employees’ skills and experience are crucial cornerstones for the long-term development of
     the Group, and continuing education enables our employees to remain competitive in the industry. Therefore, we
     prepare Annual Training Plan every year and strive to enhance our employees’ performance by providing on-the-job
     training and mentoring.


     We expect to raise employees’ awareness on safety by providing a series of safe operation training. The training
     includes but is not limited to delivering important tips for machine operations and safe operation procedures for
     respective positions. We also hold training sessions on safety regulations for employees above the middle level to
     keep them informed of major national safety laws and regulations and ensure our stringent compliance with the
     related national laws and regulations in our daily operations.


     In addition, we provide orientation training to newcomers and assist them to fit themselves in the new work
     environment. The training includes but is not limited to the Group’s management system, corporate culture and safe
     production and skill training. Pre-employment training also equips our employees with adequate work knowledge,
     which further enhances our efficiency and work quality.


     During the Year, the total training hours we provided to our employees amounted to 2,453 hours (2023: 2,315 hours).
     Statistics in respect of development and training are set out below:


                               Percentage of employees trained7                                                     2024                    2023


     Total employees trained                                                                                         99%                     79%
     By gender
     Male                                                                                                            89%                     90%
     Female                                                                                                          11%                     10%
     By employee category
     Entry-level employees                                                                                           92%                     91%
     Middle-level employees                                                                                            5%                     7%
     Senior-level employees                                                                                            3%                     2%




     7
            Percentage of total employees trained = (number of employees trained during the year/number of employees at the end of the year) x 100%;
            percentage of employees trained by category = (number of employees by category trained during the year/total number of employees trained
            during the year) x 100%.




62   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                  Average training hours8                                                          2024                    2023


Average training hours of total employees trained                                                                 11.97                    10.82
By gender
Male                                                                                                              12.16                    10.18
Female                                                                                                            10.36                    16.71
By employee category
Entry-level employees                                                                                               9.47                   10.81
Middle-level employees                                                                                            32.43                    12.54
Senior-level employees                                                                                            36.57                     7.71


Labour Standards
The Group is committed to the protection of human rights and complies with all laws and regulations relating to
labour standards, including but not limited to the Labour Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國勞動法》).


To prevent the hiring of child labour, we have strict requirements for screening employees. During recruitment,
the Group requires applicants provide information such as identity cards, proof of highest academic qualifications,
professional certificates (e.g. work certificates for technical positions) and certificates of termination of employment
from their previous organisations for verification of identity. To prevent forced labour, the Group has outlined rights
related to working hours and rest periods in the Staff Handbook (《員工手冊》).


If any non-compliance with child labour or forced labour regulations is discovered, the Group will initiate an
immediate investigation and, if the allegations are found to be true, will impose appropriate penalties on the non-
compliant employees. The Group may also terminate the employment contracts with the relevant employees and
take legal action accordingly.


During the Year, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with laws and regulations relating to the
employment of child labour and compulsory labour.




8
       Average training hours= (number of training hours by category during the year/number of employees by category at the end of the year).




                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                              63
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Operating Practice
     Supply Chain Management
     As an inland terminal operator, good supply chain management is paramount to our success.


     Terminal operation mainly requires machines, equipment components and consumables (such as fuel, electricity
     and water). As such, during the Year, our main suppliers comprised fuel suppliers, conveyor belt and equipment
     components suppliers. During the Year, we had a total of 58 suppliers (2023: 59 suppliers), all of which were from the
     PRC. All suppliers have been carefully assessed and are subject to regular monitoring by relevant personnel.


     To ensure quality, we have set up a range of standards for selecting suppliers and internal policies on supply chain
     management, including but not limited to (1) product quality; (2) capacity and reputation; (3) pricing of products; (4)
     timely supply of goods. Our purchasing staffs will assess suppliers regularly based on the above standards and to
     phase out the unqualified suppliers. Considering the potential environmental and social impacts of the supply chain,
     the Group prioritises potential suppliers who promote the use of environmentally friendly products and services,
     as well as those who are committed to occupational health and safety, labour rights, and compliance with laws and
     regulations, aiming to bring a positive impact to the entire supply chain.


     Product Responsibility
     As an inland terminal operator in the PRC, we focus on the provision of port logistic services (including the uploading
     and unloading of cargo, temporary storage services prior to/or after shipments and short distance land transport
     services. We place great emphasis on service quality and strive to improve and enhance service quality. All the
     businesses operated by the Group are in compliance with the state and regional laws and regulations in relation to
     product liability, including but not limited to Law of the PRC on the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests (《中
     華人民共和國消費者權益保護法》) and Tort Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國侵權責任法》).


     During the Year, the Group had no non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations in relation to health and safety,
     advertising, labeling and privacy issues.


     Quality Control
     The Group has set up a comprehensive quality control system, which includes the quality control policy and standard
     operating procedures during our course of business to ensure the consistent quality of our services.


     To ensure effective quality control, we only procure equipment components, machines and other supplies required
     in our operation from recognised suppliers. The procurement department is responsible for the management of
     our equipment. We select qualified suppliers with caution based on internal assessment standards (such as product
     quality and pricing). Meanwhile, all the equipment will be inspected by the procurement department upon receipt to
     ensure that the material and equipment purchased by the Group satisfy quality standards.


     The equipment items used in port logistic services include portal cranes, belt conveyors, loaders, forklifts and
     container trucks. As the aging or damage of equipment affects our quality consistency, our procurement department
     performs full-dimensional inspection and maintenance on all equipment every two years and the findings of
     inspection will be recorded in regular inspection reports to ensure quality standard.




64   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Group has set up a complaint and feedback system. Customers may provide feedbacks through calls, email
or SMS in the event that they are unsatisfied with our service quality. Upon receiving the opinion or complaint of
customers, the management will timely understand the case and take measures according to the actual situation.
In addition, the sales department will perform a customer satisfaction survey at the end of each year, to receive
customers’ feedback on the service quality of the Group. Based on the results of questionnaires, we will analyse and
review our service quality and provide corresponding trainings to employees where appropriate.


During the Year, the Group did not receive any complaint in relation to our product and services (2023: 0 cases).


Intellectual Property Rights
In 2017, the Group registered the trademark and domain name for its brand “Ocean Line Port Development Limited”
and domain name “ www.oceanlineport.com ”, and the brand and domain name has thereby been under the legal
protection of intellectual property (“IP”) rights.


We believe that brand and IP are crucial to the success of the Group. The Group takes multiple measures to protect
its IP rights to prevent the misuse or leakage of such rights. Employees are also prohibited from disclosing or
exploiting any patents and trademarks to any third party. In the event of any infringement of our IP rights, we will
deter infringers from continuing such behaviour and will take further action if the infringement persists.


During the Year, the Group did not encounter any incidents of controversies, disputes and claims relating to the IP
rights against any third parties.


Privacy Policies
We endeavour to establish long-term and trusting relationships with customers. In order to enhance the customers’
confidence in our Group, we are committed to avoid the disclosure of confidential information of customers to third
parties and to maintain and process the confidential information of customers prudently.


The Group requires employees to use the computers provided by the Company only to save customer information.
Our information management department is responsible for monitoring and ensuring the proper operation of the
company’s network and servers to prevent and detect any unauthorised access.


The Group required employees to sign the Employee Service Commitment (《員工服務承諾書》) to undertake to
abide by the confidentiality duties and strictly observe the Company’s confidentiality to safeguard the interests of
the Group. In addition, the Group’s Staff Handbook (《員工手冊》) set out the content and scope of confidentiality
of employees, confidentiality obligations and liabilities for default. According to the Staff Handbook (《員工手冊》),
all employees are strictly prohibited from leakage, illegal usage or improper utilisation of the company’s confidential
information obtained from business or other ways. If any of the Group’s business confidential information is disclosed
or copied without the consent of the Group, the Group will take disciplinary actions against the staff involved in
accordance with the disciplinary provisions detailed in the Staff Handbook (《員工手冊》) and reserve the right to
legal proceedings.


During the Year, the Group was not aware of any cases in relation to leakage of customer information (2023: 0 cases).




                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED             65
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Anti-corruption
     All the businesses operated by the Group are in compliance with the national and local laws and regulations
     regarding the prevention of bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering, including but not limited to the Criminal
     Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國刑法》) and the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國反洗
     錢法》). The Group requires its employees to strictly follow the requirements of the aforesaid ordinances in order to
     prevent behaviors such as bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.


     In addition, we strictly prohibit all employees from using their powers for personal interests through the violations
     of laws and regulations or illegal activities such as bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering in order to
     promote anti-corruption resolutely. The Group has set up a reporting and complaint channel. If any suspected case
     is observed, employees are able to report by telephone, email and SMS. Upon receiving any suspected cases, the
     Group will promptly initiate an investigation and take the necessary and appropriate actions. We also commit to
     protecting the identity of whistleblowers, to eliminate all conflicts of interest and behaviours that could potentially
     harm the Group and its stakeholders. The Group will regularly monitor the effectiveness of its reporting mechanisms.


     To protect the Group’s interest, the Group requires employees to strictly follow the code of conduct listed in the
     Staff Handbook (《員工手冊》). In addition, the Group provides relevant training to employees on a regular basis.
     During the Year, a total of 12 employees of the Group participated in approximately 36 hours of training on the Party
     conduct, integrity building and clean business practices.


     During the Year, there were no concluded corruption lawsuits involving the Group or its employees (2023: 0 cases).


     COMMUNITY
     Community Investment
     We deeply understand the importance of giving back to the community and spare no effort in providing assistance.
     Therefore, establishing community investment-related policies to govern the Group’s corporate social responsibility
     (CSR) approach and priorities is a core responsibility of our management team. These policies ensure that CSR
     measures are integrated into all business operations and that relevant CSR measures and programs are adapted to
     local conditions.


     In 2024, the Group has not yet initiated any community investment activities. Instead, the Group focused on resource
     integration and optimisation internally while exploring more impactful ways to give back to society in the future. The
     Group will actively pursue collaborations with various public welfare and charitable organisations, always attentive
     to the difficulties and needs of society and vulnerable groups. We are committed to proactively giving back to the
     community with the goal of promoting social harmony.




66   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




GENERAL DISCLOSURES AND KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS OF ESG
REPORTING CODE OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE:

Item            Description                                                    Disclosure   Reference
                                                                                            Section

A. ENVIRONMENTAL

A.1 Emissions

General Disclosure     Information on:                                         Disclosed    Emissions
                       (A)    the policies; and
                       (B)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                              that have a significant impact on the issuer
                       relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions
                       discharges into water and land, and generation of
                       hazardous and non-hazardous waste.

Key             A1.1   The types of emissions and respective emissions data.   Disclosed    Emissions
Performance
                A1.3   Total amount and in intensity of hazardous waste        N/A          No significant
Indicators
                       produced.                                                            hazardous waste
                                                                                            is generated in
                                                                                            the course of
                                                                                            operations of the
                                                                                            Group, hence this
                                                                                            key performance
                                                                                            indicator is
                                                                                            inapplicable.

                A1.4   Total amount and in intensity of non-hazardous waste    Disclosed    Waste Generation
                       produced.

                A1.5   Description of emission target(s) set and the steps     Disclosed    Emissions
                       taken to achieve them.

                A1.6   Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous          Disclosed    Waste Generation
                       wastes are handled, and description of reduction
                       target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED      67
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




      Item            Description                                                        Disclosure   Reference
                                                                                                      Section

      A2: Use of Resources

      General Disclosure     Policies on the efficient use of resources, including       Disclosed    Use of Resources
                             energy, water and other raw materials.

      Key             A2.1   Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type in        Disclosed    Energy
      Performance            total and intensity.                                                     Consumption
      Indicators
                      A2.2   Water consumption in total and intensity.                   Disclosed    Water
                                                                                                      Consumption

                      A2.3   Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and      Disclosed    Energy
                             steps taken to achieve them.                                             Consumption

                      A2.4   Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing       Disclosed    Water
                             water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s)                Consumption
                             set and steps taken to achieve them.

                      A2.5   Total packaging material used for finished products         N/A          Given the
                             and with reference to per unit produced.                                 business nature
                                                                                                      of the Group, this
                                                                                                      key performance
                                                                                                      indicator is
                                                                                                      inapplicable.

      A3: The Environment and Natural Resources

      General Disclosure     Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant impact      Disclosed    The Environment
                             on the environment and natural resources.                                and Natural
                                                                                                      Resources

      Key             A3.1   Description of the significant impacts of activities        Disclosed    The Environment
      Performance            on the environment and natural resources and the                         and Natural
      Indicators             actions taken to manage them.                                            Resources




68   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Item             Description                                                     Disclosure   Reference
                                                                                              Section

B. SOCIAL

B1: Employment

General Disclosure      Information on:                                          Disclosed    Employment
                        (a)    the policies; and
                        (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                               that have a significant impact on the issuer
                        relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment
                        and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal
                        opportunity, diversity, antidiscrimination, and other
                        benefits and welfare.

Key              B1.1   Total workforce by gender, employment type (e.g. full    Disclosed    Employment
Performance             or part time), age group and geographical region.
Indicators
                 B1.2   Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and          Disclosed    Employment
                        geographical region.

B2: Health and Safety

General Disclosure      Information on:                                          Disclosed    Health and Safety
                        (a)    the policies; and
                        (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                               that have a significant impact on the issuer
                        relating to providing a safe work environment and
                        protecting employees from occupational hazards.

Key              B2.1   Number and rate of work-related fatalities in the past   Disclosed    Health and Safety
Performance             three years including the reporting year.
Indicators
                 B2.2   Lost days due to work-related injury.                    Disclosed    Health and Safety

                 B2.3   Description of occupational health and safety            Disclosed    Health and Safety
                        measures adopted, how they are implemented and
                        monitored.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED       69
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




      Item            Description                                                     Disclosure   Reference
                                                                                                   Section

      B3: Development and Training

      General Disclosure     Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and           Disclosed    Development and
                             skills for discharging duties at work. Description of                 Training
                             training activities.

      Key             B3.1   The percentage of employees trained by gender and        Disclosed    Development and
      Performance            employee category (e.g. senior management, middle                     Training
      Indicators             management).

                      B3.2   The average training hours completed per employee        Disclosed    Development and
                             by gender and employee category.                                      Training
      B4: Labour Standards
      General Disclosure     Information on:                                          Disclosed    Labour Standards
                             (a) the policies; and
                             (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                                    that have a significant impact on the issuer
                             relating to preventing child and forced labour.
      Key             B4.1   Description of measures to review employment             Disclosed    Labour Standards
      Performance            practices to avoid child and forced labour.
      Indicators
                      B4.2   Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices   Disclosed    Labour Standards
                             when discovered.
      B5: Supply Chain Management
      General Disclosure     Policies on managing environmental and social risks      Disclosed    Supply Chain
                             of the supply chain.                                                  Management
      Key             B5.1   Number of suppliers by geographical region.              Disclosed    Supply Chain
      Performance                                                                                  Management
      Indicators
                      B5.2   Description of practices relating to engaging            Disclosed    Supply Chain
                             suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices                    Management
                             are being implemented, how they are implemented
                             and monitored.
                      B5.3   Description of practices used to identify                Disclosed    Supply Chain
                             environmental and social risks along the supply chain,                Management
                             and how they are implemented and monitored.
                      B5.4   Description of practices used to promote                 Disclosed    Supply Chain
                             environmentally preferable products and services                      Management
                             when selecting suppliers, and how they are
                             implemented and monitored.




70   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Item            Description                                                     Disclosure   Reference
                                                                                             Section
B6: Product Responsibility
General Disclosure      Information on:                                         Disclosed    Product
                        (a) the policies; and                                                Responsibility
                        (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                               that have a significant impact on the issuer
                        relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling
                        and privacy matters relating to products and services
                        provided and methods of redress.
Key             B6.1    Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject    N/A          Given the
Performance             to recalls for safety and health reasons.
                                                                                             business nature
Indicators
                                                                                             of the Group, this
                                                                                             key performance
                                                                                             indicator is
                                                                                             inapplicable.
                B6.2    Number of products and service related complaints       Disclosed    Quality Control
                        received and how they are dealt with.
                B6.3    Description of practices relating to observing and      Disclosed    Intellectual
                        protecting intellectual property rights.                             Property Rights
                B6.4    Description of quality assurance process and recall     Disclosed    Quality Control
                        procedures.
                B6.5    Description of consumer data protection and privacy     Disclosed    Privacy Policies
                        policies, how they are implemented and monitored.




                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED            71
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




      Item            Description                                                         Disclosure   Reference
                                                                                                       Section

      B7: Anti-corruption

      General Disclosure     Information on:                                              Disclosed    Anti-corruption
                             (a)    the policies; and
                             (b)    compliance with relevant laws that have a
                                    significant impact on the issuer
                             relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money
                                    laundering.

      Key             B7.1   Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt            Disclosed    Anti-corruption
      Performance            practices brought against the issuer or its employees
      Indicators             during the reporting period and the outcomes of the
                             cases.

                      B7.2   Description of preventive measures and whistleblowing        Disclosed    Anti-corruption
                             procedures, how they are implemented and monitored.

                      B7.3   Description of anti-corruption training provided to          Disclosed    Anti-corruption
                             directors and staffs.

      B8: Community Investment

      General Disclosure     Policies on community engagement to understand the           Disclosed    Community
                             needs of the communities where the issuer operates                        Investment
                             and to ensure its activities take into consideration the
                             communities’ interests.

      Key             B8.1   Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental   Disclosed    Community
      Performance            concerns, labour needs, health, culture, sport).                          Investment
      Indicators
                      B8.2   Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the            Disclosed    Community
                             focus area.                                                               Investment




72   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Item                 Description                                             Disclosure   Reference Section

Part D: Climate-related Disclosures

(I) Governance

19. (a) the governance body(s) (which can include a board, committee         Partially    Management of ESG
       or equivalent body charged with governance) or individual(s)          disclosed
       responsible for oversight of climate-related risks and
       opportunities. Specifically, the issuer shall identify that body(s)
       or individual(s) and disclose information about:
       (i)     how the body(s) or individual(s) determines whether
               appropriate skills and competencies are available or will
               be developed to oversee strategies designed to respond
               to climate-related risks and opportunities;
       (ii)    how and how often the body(s) or individual(s) is informed
               about climate-related risks and opportunities;
       (iii)   how the body(s) or individual(s) takes into account
               climate-related risks and opportunities when overseeing
               the issuer’s strategy, its decisions on major transactions,
               and its risk management processes and related policies,
               including whether the body(s) or individual(s) has
               considered trade-offs associated with those risks and
               opportunities;
       (iv)    how the body(s) or individual(s) oversees the setting
               of, and monitors progress towards, targets related to
               climate-related risks and opportunities, including whether
               and how related performance metrics are included in
               remuneration policies; and
  (b) management’s role in the governance processes, controls and
       procedures used to monitor, manage and oversee climate-
       related risks and opportunities, including information about:
       (i)     whether the role is delegated to a specific management-
               level position or management-level committee and how
               oversight is exercised over that position or committee;
               and
       (ii)    whether management uses controls and procedures
               to support the oversight of climate-related risks and
               opportunities and, if so, how these controls and
               procedures are integrated with other internal functions.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED   73
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




      Item                 Description                                             Disclosure    Reference Section

      (II) Strategy

      Climate-related risks and opportunities

      20.    An issuer shall disclose information to enable an understanding       Undisclosed   The Group will review
             of climate-related risks and opportunities that could reasonably                    the internal information
             be expected to affect the issuer’s cash flows, its access to                        and disclose the key
             finance or cost of capital over the short, medium or long term.                     performance indicator
             Specifically, the issuer shall:                                                     when appropriate to
             (a)   describe climate-related risks and opportunities that could                   ensure transparency and
                   reasonably be expected to affect the issuer’s cash flows, its                 compliance.
                   access to finance or cost of capital over the short, medium
                   or long term;
             (b)   explain, for each climate-related risk the issuer has
                   identified, whether the issuer considers the risk to be a
                   climate-related physical risk or climate-related transition
                   risk;
             (c)   specify, for each climate-related risk and opportunity the
                   issuer has identified, over which time horizons — short,
                   medium or long term — the effects of each climate-related
                   risk and opportunity could reasonably be expected to
                   occur; and
             (d)   explain how the issuer defines “short term”, “medium
                   term” and “long term” and how these definitions are
                   linked to the planning horizons used by the issuer for
                   strategic decision-making.

      Business model and value chain

      21.    An issuer shall disclose information that enables an                  Undisclosed   The Group will review
             understanding of the current and anticipated effects of climate-                    the internal information
             related risks and opportunities on the issuer’s business model                      and disclose the key
             and value chain. Specifically, the issuer shall disclose:                           performance indicator
             (a)   a description of the current and anticipated effects of                       when appropriate to
                   climate-related risks and opportunities on the issuer’s                       ensure transparency and
                   business model and value chain; and                                           compliance.
             (b)   a description of where in the issuer’s business model and
                   value chain climate-related risks and opportunities are
                   concentrated (for example, geographical areas, facilities
                   and types of assets).




74   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Item                 Description                                              Disclosure    Reference Section

Strategy and decision-making

22.    An issuer shall disclose information that enables an                   Partially     Climate Change
       understanding of the effects of climate-related risks and              disclosed
       opportunities on its strategy and decision-making. Specifically,
       the issuer shall disclose:
       (a)   information about how the issuer has responded to, and
             plans to respond to, climate-related risks and opportunities
             in its strategy and decision-making, including how the
             issuer plans to achieve any climate-related targets it has set
             and any targets it is required to meet by law or regulation.
             Specifically, the issuer shall disclose information about:
             (i)     current and anticipated changes to the issuer’s
                     business model, including its resource allocation, to
                     address climate-related risks and opportunities;
             (ii)    current and anticipated adaptation and mitigation
                     efforts (whether direct or indirect);
             (iii)   any climate-related transition plan the issuer has
                     (including information about key assumptions used
                     in developing its transition plan, and dependencies
                     on which the issuer’s transition plan relies), or an
                     appropriate negative statement where the issuer
                     does not have a climate-related transition plan; and
             (iv)    how the issuer plans to achieve any climate-
                     related targets (including any greenhouse gas
                     emissions targets), described in accordance with the
                     aforementioned; and
       (b)   information about how the issuer is resourcing, and plans
             to resource, the activities disclosed in accordance with
             paragraph 22(a).

23.    An issuer shall disclose information about the progress of plans       Undisclosed   The Group will review
       disclosed in previous reporting periods in accordance with                           the internal information
       paragraph 22(a).                                                                     and disclose the key
                                                                                            performance indicator
                                                                                            when appropriate to
                                                                                            ensure transparency and
                                                                                            compliance.




                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED         75
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




      Item                Description                                             Disclosure    Reference Section

      Financial position, financial performance and cash flows

      24.    An issuer shall disclose qualitative and quantitative information    Undisclosed   The Group will review
             about:                                                                             the internal information
             (a)   how climate-related risks and opportunities have affected                    and disclose the key
                   its financial position, financial performance and cash flows                 performance indicator
                   for the reporting period; and                                                when appropriate to
             (b)   the climate-related risks and opportunities identified                       ensure transparency and
                   in paragraph 24(a) for which there is a significant risk of                  compliance.
                   a material adjustment within the next annual reporting
                   period to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
                   reported in the related financial statements.

      25.    The issuer shall provide qualitative and quantitative disclosures    Undisclosed   The Group will review
             about:                                                                             the internal information
             (a)   how the issuer expects its financial position to change                      and disclose the key
                   over the short, medium and long term, given its strategy                     performance indicator
                   to manage climate-related risks and opportunities, taking                    when appropriate to
                   into consideration:                                                          ensure transparency and
                   (i)    its investment and disposal plans; and                                compliance.
                   (ii)   its planned sources of funding to implement its
                          strategy; and
             (b)   how the issuer expects its financial performance and cash
                   flows to change over the short, medium and long term,
                   given its strategy to manage climate-related risks and
                   opportunities.




76   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Item                Description                                                 Disclosure    Reference Section
Strategy and decision-making
26.    An issuer shall disclose information that enables an                     Undisclosed   The Group will review
       understanding of the resilience of the issuer’s strategy and                           the internal information
       business model to climate-related changes, developments and                            and disclose the key
       uncertainties, taking into consideration the issuer’s identified                       performance indicator
       climate-related risks and opportunities. An issuer shall use                           when appropriate to
       climate-related scenario analysis to assess its climate resilience                     ensure transparency and
       using an approach that is commensurate with an issuer’s                                compliance.
       circumstances. In providing quantitative information, the issuer
       may disclose a single amount or a range. Specifically, the issuer
       shall disclose:
       (a) the issuer’s assessment of its climate resilience as at the
             reporting date, which shall enable an understanding of:
             (i)   the implications, if any, of the issuer’s assessment
                   for its strategy and business model, including how
                   the issuer would need to respond to the effects
                   identified in the climate-related scenario analysis;
             (ii)  the significant areas of uncertainty considered in the
                   issuer’s assessment of its climate resilience; and
             (iii) the issuer’s capacity to adjust, or adapt its strategy
                   and business model to climate change over the
                   short, medium or long term;
       (b) how and when the climate-related scenario analysis was
             carried out, including:
             (i)   information about the inputs used, including:
                   (1) which climate-related scenarios the issuer
                          used for the analysis and the sources of such
                          scenarios;
                   (2) whether the analysis included a diverse range
                          of climate-related scenarios;
                   (3) whether the climate-related scenarios used for
                          the analysis are associated with climate-related
                          transition risks or climate-related physical risks;
                   (4) whether the issuer used, among its scenarios, a
                          climate-related scenario aligned with the latest
                          international agreement on climate change;
                   (5) why the issuer decided that its chosen climate-
                          related scenarios are relevant to assessing
                          its resilience to climate-related changes,
                          developments or uncertainties;
                   (6) time horizons the issuer used in the analysis;
                          and
                   (7) what scope of operations the issuer used in the
                          analysis (for example, the operation, locations
                          and business units used in the analysis);
             (ii)  the key assumptions the issuer made in the analysis;
                   and
             (iii) the reporting period in which the climate-related
                   scenario analysis was carried out.


                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED             77
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




      Item                 Description                                              Disclosure   Reference Section

      (III) Risk Management

      Strategy and decision-making

      27.    An issuer shall disclose information about:                            Partially    Climate Change
             (a)   the processes and related policies it uses to identify,          disclosed
                   assess, prioritise and monitor climate-related risks,
                   including information about:
                   (i)     the inputs and parameters the issuer uses (for
                           example, information about data sources and the
                           scope of operations covered in the processes);
                   (ii)    whether and how the issuer uses climate-related
                           scenario analysis to inform its identification of
                           climate-related risks;
                   (iii)   how the issuer assesses the nature, likelihood and
                           magnitude of the effects of those risks (for example,
                           whether the issuer considers qualitative factors,
                           quantitative thresholds or other criteria);
                   (iv)    whether and how the issuer prioritises climate-related
                           risks relative to other types of risks;
                   (v)     how the issuer monitors climate-related risks; and
                   (vi)    whether and how the issuer has changed the
                           processes it uses compared with the previous
                           reporting period;
             (b)   the processes the issuer uses to identify, assess, prioritise
                   and monitor climate-related opportunities (including
                   information about whether and how the issuer uses
                   climate-related scenario analysis to inform its identification
                   of climate-related opportunities); and
             (c)   the extent to which, and how, the processes for identifying,
                   assessing, prioritising and monitoring climate-related
                   risks and opportunities are integrated into and inform the
                   issuer’s overall risk management process.




78   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Item                 Description                                           Disclosure   Reference Section

(IV) Metrics and Targets

Greenhouse gas emissions

28.    An issuer shall disclose its absolute gross greenhouse gas          Disclosed    Emissions
       emissions generated during the reporting period, expressed as
       metric tons of CO2 equivalent, classified as:
       (a)   Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions;
       (b)   Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions; and
       (c)   Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions.

29.    An issuer shall:                                                    Partially    Emissions
       (a)   measure its greenhouse gas emissions in accordance with       disclosed
             the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting
             and Reporting Standard (2004) unless required by a
             jurisdictional authority or another exchange on which the
             issuer is listed to use a different method for measuring
             greenhouse gas emissions;
       (b)   disclose the approach it uses to measure its greenhouse
             gas emissions including:
             (i)     the measurement approach, inputs and assumptions
                     the issuer uses to measure its greenhouse gas
                     emissions;
             (ii)    the reason why the issuer has chosen the
                     measurement approach, inputs and assumptions it
                     uses to measure its greenhouse gas emissions; and
             (iii)   any changes the issuer made to the measurement
                     approach, inputs and assumptions during the
                     reporting period and the reasons for those changes;
       (c)   for Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions disclosed in
             accordance with paragraph 28(b), disclose its location-
             based Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions, and provide
             information about any contractual instruments that is
             necessary to enable an understanding of the issuer’s
             Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions; and
       (d)   for Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions disclosed in
             accordance with paragraph 28(c), disclose the categories
             included within the issuer’s measure of Scope 3
             greenhouse gas emissions, in accordance with the
             Scope 3 categories described in the Greenhouse Gas
             Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and
             Reporting Standard (2011).




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED   79
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




      Item               Description                                               Disclosure    Reference Section

      Climate-related transition risks

      30.    An issuer shall disclose the amount and percentage of assets or       Undisclosed   The Group will review
             business activities vulnerable to climate-related transition risks.                 the internal information
                                                                                                 and disclose the key
                                                                                                 performance indicator
                                                                                                 when appropriate to
                                                                                                 ensure transparency and
                                                                                                 compliance.

      Climate-related physical risks

      31.    An issuer shall disclose the amount and percentage of assets or       Undisclosed   The Group will review
             business activities vulnerable to climate-related physical risks.                   the internal information
                                                                                                 and disclose the key
                                                                                                 performance indicator
                                                                                                 when appropriate to
                                                                                                 ensure transparency and
                                                                                                 compliance.

      Climate-related opportunities

      32.    An issuer shall disclose the amount and percentage of assets or       Undisclosed   The Group will review
             business activities aligned with climate-related opportunities.                     the internal information
                                                                                                 and disclose the key
                                                                                                 performance indicator
                                                                                                 when appropriate to
                                                                                                 ensure transparency and
                                                                                                 compliance.

      Capital deployment

      33.    An issuer shall disclose the amount of capital expenditure,           Undisclosed   The Group will review
             financing or investment deployed towards climate-related risks                      the internal information
             and opportunities.                                                                  and disclose the key
                                                                                                 performance indicator
                                                                                                 when appropriate to
                                                                                                 ensure transparency and
                                                                                                 compliance.




80   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Item               Description                                            Disclosure    Reference Section

Internal carbon prices

34.    An issuer shall disclose:                                          Undisclosed   The Group will review
       (a)   an explanation of whether and how the issuer is applying a                 the internal information
             carbon price in decision-making (for example, investment                   and disclose the key
             decisions, transfer pricing, and scenario analysis); and                   performance indicator
       (b)   the price of each metric tonne of greenhouse gas                           when appropriate to
             emissions the issuer uses to assess the costs of its                       ensure transparency and
             greenhouse gas emissions;                                                  compliance.
       or an appropriate negative statement that the issuer does not
       apply a carbon price in decision-making.

Remuneration

35.    An issuer shall disclose whether and how climate-related           Undisclosed   The Group will review
       considerations are factored into remuneration policy, or an                      the internal information
       appropriate negative statement.                                                  and disclose the key
                                                                                        performance indicator
                                                                                        when appropriate to
                                                                                        ensure transparency and
                                                                                        compliance.

Industry-based metrics

36.    An issuer is encouraged to disclose industry-based metrics         Undisclosed   The Group will review
       that are associated with one or more particular business                         the internal information
       models, activities or other common features that characterise                    and disclose the key
       participation in an industry. In determining the industry-based                  performance indicator
       metrics that the issuer discloses, an issuer is encouraged to                    when appropriate to
       refer to and consider the applicability of the industry-based                    ensure transparency and
       metrics associated with disclosure topics described in the IFRS                  compliance.
       S2 Industry-based Guidance on implementing Climate-related
       Disclosures and other industry-based disclosure requirements
       prescribed under other international ESG reporting frameworks.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED        81
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




      Item                Description                                             Disclosure    Reference Section

      Climate-related targets

      37.    An issuer shall disclose (a) the qualitative and quantitative        Partially     Emissions, Waste
             climate-related targets the issuer has set to monitor progress       disclosed     Generation, Energy
             towards achieving its strategic goals; and (b) any targets the                     Consumption and Water
             issuer is required to meet by law or regulation, including any                     Consumption
             greenhouse gas emissions targets. For each target, the issuer
             shall disclose:
             (a)   the metric used to set the target;
             (b)   the objective of the target (for example, mitigation,
                   adaptation or conformance with science-based initiatives);
             (c)   the part of the issuer to which the target applies (for
                   example, whether the target applies to the issuer in its
                   entirety or only a part of the issuer, such as a specific
                   business unit or geographic region);
             (d)   the period over which the target applies;
             (e)   the base period from which progress is measured;
             (f)   milestones or interim targets (if any);
             (g)   if the target is quantitative, whether the target is an
                   absolute target or an intensity target; and
             (h)   how the latest international agreement on climate change,
                   including jurisdictional commitments that arise from that
                   agreement, has helped the issuer to set an target.

      38.    An issuer shall disclose information about its approach to setting   Undisclosed   The Group will review
             and reviewing each target, and how it monitors progress against                    the internal information
             each target, including:                                                            and disclose the key
             (a)   whether the target and the methodology for setting the                       performance indicator
                   target has been validated by a third party;                                  when appropriate to
             (b)   the issuer’s processes for reviewing the target;                             ensure transparency and
             (c)   the metrics used to monitor progress towards reaching the                    compliance.
                   target; and
             (d)   any revisions to the target and an explanation for those
                   revisions.

      39.    An issuer shall disclose information about its performance           Undisclosed   The Group will review
             against each climate-related target and an analysis of trends or                   the internal information
             changes in the issuer’s performance.                                               and disclose the key
                                                                                                performance indicator
                                                                                                when appropriate to
                                                                                                ensure transparency and
                                                                                                compliance.




82   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Item                 Description                                              Disclosure    Reference Section

40.    For each greenhouse gas emissions target disclosed in                  Partially     Emissions
       accordance with paragraphs 37 to 39, an issuer shall disclose:         disclosed
       (a)   which greenhouse gases are covered by the target;
       (b)   whether Scope 1, Scope 2 or Scope 3 greenhouse gas
             emissions are covered by the target;
       (c)   whether the target is a gross greenhouse gas emissions
             target or a net greenhouse gas emissions target. If the
             issuer discloses a net greenhouse gas emissions target, the
             issuer is also required to separately disclose its associated
             gross greenhouse gas emissions target;
       (d)   whether the target was derived using a sectoral
             decarbonisation approach; and
       (e)   the issuer’s planned use of carbon credits to offset
             greenhouse gas emissions to achieve any net greenhouse
             gas emissions target. In explaining its planned use of
             carbon credits, the issuer shall disclose:
             (i)     the extent to which, and how, achieving any net
                     greenhouse gas emissions target relies on the use of
                     carbon credits;
             (ii)    which third-party scheme(s) will verify or certify the
                     carbon credits;
             (iii)   the type of carbon credit, including whether the
                     underlying offset will be nature-based or based
                     on technological carbon removals, and whether
                     the underlying offset is achieved through carbon
                     reduction or removal; and
             (iv)    any other factors necessary to enable an
                     understanding of the credibility and integrity of the
                     carbon credits the issuer plans to use (for example,
                     assumptions regarding the permanence of the
                     carbon offset).

Applicability of cross-industry metrics and industry-based metrics

41.    In preparing disclosures to meet the requirements in paragraphs        Undisclosed   The Group will review
       21 to 26 and 37 to 38, an issuer shall refer to and consider the                     the internal information
       applicability of (i) cross-industry metrics and (ii) industry-based                  and disclose the key
       metrics.                                                                             performance indicator
                                                                                            when appropriate to
                                                                                            ensure transparency and
                                                                                            compliance.




                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED          83
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     TO THE MEMBERS OF OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     OPINION
     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Ocean Line Port Development Limited (“the Company”)
     and its subsidiaries (together “the Group”) set out on pages 88 to 166, which comprise the consolidated statement
     of financial position as at 31 December 2024, and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the
     consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended,
     and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.


     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
     the Group as at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
     the year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
     Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of
     the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     BASIS FOR OPINION
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
     Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
     the Consolidated Financial Statements” section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with
     the HKICPA’s “Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants” (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
     responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
     separate opinion on these matters.


     Valuation of investment properties
     Refer to notes 4.4, 5(c) and 15 to the consolidated financial statements.


     Management estimated the fair value of the Group’s investment properties to be approximately RMB89,400,000 as at
     31 December 2024, with a fair value loss of approximately RMB1,288,000 recognised in the consolidated statement of
     comprehensive income for the year then ended.




84   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
Valuation of investment properties (continued)
Management has engaged an independent professional valuer (the “Management Expert”) to assist in performing
the fair value measurement of the investment properties. In determining the fair value, the Management Expert
have based on a method of valuation which involves certain estimates of market condition. The valuation of the
Group’s investment properties are dependent on certain key assumptions and estimations that require significant
management judgement.


We identified valuation of the investment properties as a key audit matter because the valuation was inherently
subjective and requires significant management judgement and estimation and significant changes in these estimates
could result in material changes to the valuation of the investment properties.


Our responses:


Our procedures in relation to this key audit matter included:


•    Evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation methodologies and the reasonableness of the key assumptions
     used in the valuation of the fair value of the investment properties;


•    Evaluating the reliability of the inputs used in the valuation;


•    Involving an auditor’s expert to assist our assessment on the reasonableness and appropriateness of the
     valuation methodologies and the key assumptions used in the valuation of the fair value of the major investment
     properties; and


•    Evaluating the competence, capabilities and objectivity of the Management Expert and auditor’s expert.


OTHER INFORMATION IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included
in the Company’s annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based
on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED              85
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     The directors are responsible for the preparation of consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
     accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
     Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
     preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
     error.


     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
     continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
     basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
     realistic alternative but to do so.


     The directors are also responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process. The Audit Committee
     assists the directors in discharging their responsibility in this regard.


     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
     are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
     opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with the terms of our engagement, and for no
     other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of
     this report.


     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
     HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
     considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
     decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
     skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


     •    identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
          fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
          sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
          resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
          intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


     •    obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
          appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
          Group’s internal control.


     •    evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
          related disclosures made by the directors.



86   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
•        conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
         on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
         cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
         uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
         consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
         are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
         conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•        evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
         the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
         events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•        plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
         information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group
         financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the work performed for the
         purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.


From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter
or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.




BDO Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Cheung Or Ping
Practising Certificate Number P05412


Hong Kong, 28 March 2025



                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                  87
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                       2024          2023
                                                                           Notes    RMB’000       RMB’000


     Revenue                                                                7(a)     177,042       173,583
     Cost of services rendered                                                        (59,786)      (62,474)


     Gross profit                                                                    117,256       111,109
     Other income and gains, net                                           7(b)       17,834        13,600
     Change in fair value of investment properties                          15        (1,288)          822
     Selling and distribution expenses                                                (1,131)       (1,068)
     Administrative expenses                                                         (29,030)      (26,340)
     Finance costs                                                           8            (80)         (14)


     Profit before income tax                                                9       103,561         98,109
     Income tax expense                                                     11        (14,725)      (17,026)


     Profit for the year                                                              88,836        81,083

     Other comprehensive income:

     Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
     Change in fair value of equity investment at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                                                      (284)          (961)


     Other comprehensive income for the year                                            (284)          (961)


     Total comprehensive income for the year                                          88,552        80,122


     Profit for the year attributable to:
     Owners of the Company                                                            65,623        59,140
     Non-controlling interests                                                        23,213        21,943


                                                                                      88,836        81,083


     Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
     Owners of the Company                                                            65,419        58,448
     Non-controlling interests                                                        23,133        21,674


                                                                                      88,552        80,122


                                                                                   RMB cents     RMB cents


     Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company
     — Basic and diluted earnings per share                                 13          8.20           7.39


88   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 December 2024




                                                                                      2024          2023
                                                                     Notes        RMB’000        RMB’000


ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                          14          380,981        400,307
Investment properties                                                  15           89,400         90,700
Investment in an associate                                             28            2,600          2,600
Equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income     16           27,093         17,377
Deposits and prepayments                                               20            2,898          2,450


                                                                                   502,972        513,434


Current assets
Inventories                                                            17            2,642          2,638
Trade receivables                                                      18            7,866          4,564
Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income      19           13,151          4,624
Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                            20            2,125          5,482
Time deposits                                                          21          153,960          2,293
Cash and cash equivalents                                              21          225,918        299,267


                                                                                   405,662        318,868


Current liabilities
Trade payables                                                         22            5,412          6,641
Contract liabilities                                                   23           24,741         40,640
Other payables, accruals and receipt in advance                        24           92,466         97,421
Amount due to non-controlling interests                                34           16,061             –
Lease liabilities                                                      25              546           499
Deferred government grant                                              29              890           890
Income tax payable                                                                   3,563          2,855


                                                                                   143,679        148,946


Net current assets                                                                 261,983        169,922


Total assets less current liabilities                                              764,955        683,356




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED   89
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     As at 31 December 2024




                                                                                      2024       2023
                                                                Notes          RMB’000        RMB’000


     Non-current liabilities
     Deferred government grant                                   29               29,864       30,754
     Lease liabilities                                           25                    579      1,092
     Deferred tax liabilities                                   11(b)                 5,786     5,275


                                                                                  36,229       37,121


     Net assets                                                                 728,726       646,235


     EQUITY
     Share capital                                               30                   6,758     6,758
     Reserves                                                    31             545,320       479,901


     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                               552,078       486,659
     Non-controlling interests                                                  176,648       159,576


     Total equity                                                               728,726       646,235


     On behalf of the directors




                                Kwai Sze Hoi                            Huang Xueliang
                                  Director                                 Director




90   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                            Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                    Assets            Fair                                 Non-
                                           Share          Share        Capital        Special      Statutory         Other     revaluation          value     Retained                controlling
                                          capital     premium          reserve        reserve        reserve        reserve         reserve       reserve     earnings    Subtotal      interests      Total
                                        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                        (Note 30)   (Note 31(a))   (Note 31(e))   (Note 31(b))   (Note 31(c))   (Note 31(d))   (Note 31(f))   (Note 31(g))


At 1 January 2023                           6,758        50,277            369          9,011        100,971        176,540            376          (1,557)    129,279    472,024        153,947    625,971


Profit for the year                             –             –              –              –              –              –              –               –      59,140     59,140         21,943     81,083


Other comprehensive income:
Change in fair value of equity
  investment at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                    –             –              –              –              –              –              –           (692)           –        (692)         (269)       (961)


Total other comprehensive income                –             –              –              –              –              –              –           (692)           –        (692)         (269)       (961)


Total comprehensive income                      –             –              –              –              –              –              –           (692)      59,140     58,448         21,674     80,122


Transfer to statutory reserve                   –             –              –              –         19,018              –              –               –     (19,018)          –             –           –
Appropriations to reserve                       –             –              –          1,749              –              –              –               –      (1,749)          –             –           –
Dividends declared to
  non-controlling interests (note 39)           –             –              –              –              –              –              –               –           –           –       (16,045)    (16,045)
Dividends paid                                  –       (43,813)             –              –              –              –              –               –           –     (43,813)            –     (43,813)


At 31 December 2023                         6,758         6,464            369         10,760        119,989        176,540            376          (2,249)    167,652    486,659        159,576    646,235




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                                             91
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                             Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                     Assets        Fair                                Non-
                                                Share         Share        Capital      Special     Statutory        Other    revaluation         value    Retained               controlling
                                               capital     premium        reserve       reserve       reserve       reserve          reserve    reserve    earnings    Subtotal     interests      Total
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000
                                             (Note 30)   (Note 31(a)) (Note 31(e)) (Note 31(b))   (Note 31(c)) (Note 31(d))   (Note 31(f)) (Note 31(g))


     At 1 January 2024                          6,758         6,464           369        10,760      119,989       176,540              376      (2,249)   167,652     486,659      159,576     646,235


     Profit for the year                             –            –             –             –             –             –               –           –     65,623      65,623        23,213     88,836


     Other comprehensive income:
     Change in fair value of equity
       investment at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                    –            –             –             –             –             –               –        (204)          –       (204)          (80)       (284)


     Total other comprehensive income                –            –             –             –             –             –               –        (204)          –       (204)          (80)       (284)


     Total comprehensive income                      –            –             –             –             –             –               –        (204)    65,623      65,419        23,133     88,552


     Transfer to statutory reserve                   –            –             –             –       20,404              –               –           –     (20,404)         –             –           –
     Appropriations to reserve                       –            –             –         1,834             –             –               –           –      (1,834)         –             –           –
     Dividends declared to
       non-controlling interests (note 39)           –            –             –             –             –             –               –           –           –          –       (16,061)    (16,061)
     Capital injection by
       non-controlling interests                     –            –             –             –             –             –               –           –           –          –        10,000     10,000


     At 31 December 2024                        6,758         6,464           369        12,594      140,393       176,540              376      (2,453)   211,037     552,078      176,648     728,726




92   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                         2024          2023
                                                                         Notes       RMB’000        RMB’000


Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before income tax                                                              103,561         98,109
Adjustments for:
Interest income                                                          7(b)          (6,387)        (6,103)
Interest expense                                                           8               80            14
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                              9           24,615         23,360
Expected credit losses recognised                                          9                1              –
Loss/(gain) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                   9               55           (179)
Gain on land resumption of property, plant and equipment                 7(b)            (603)             –
Gain on land resumption of investment properties                         7(b)            (321)             –
Change in fair value of investment properties                             15            1,288           (822)
Amortisation of deferred government grant                                  9             (890)          (890)


Net cash inflow generated from operating activities before movements
  in working capital                                                                  121,399        113,489
Increase in inventories                                                                    (4)          (576)
(Increase)/decrease in trade receivables                                               (3,303)          593
Increase in debt instruments at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                                                           (8,527)        (3,439)
Decrease in trade payables                                                             (1,229)        (2,604)
Decrease/(increase) in deposits, prepayments and other receivables                      2,909         (2,184)
Decrease in contract liabilities                                                      (15,899)        (1,072)
(Decrease)/increase in other payables, accruals and receipt in advance                 (4,955)         7,963


Cash generated from operations                                                         90,391        112,170
Income tax paid                                                                       (13,506)       (22,635)


Net cash generated from operating activities                                           76,885         89,535




                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED   93
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                 2024        2023
                                                                      Notes   RMB’000     RMB’000


     Cash flows from investing activities
     Payments for additions of property, plant and equipment                    (5,743)     (5,045)
     Payment incurred for investment properties                                 (1,337)    (14,878)
     Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                         –        501
     Proceeds from land resumption of property, plant and equipment   7(b)      1,040            –
     Proceeds from land resumption of investment properties           7(b)      1,670            –
     Investment made in associate                                                    –      (2,600)
     Investment made in equity investment at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                                              (10,000)       (500)
     Placement of time deposit                                                (153,960)     (2,293)
     Release of time deposit                                                    2,293      35,328
     Placement of other current assets                                         (10,000)          –
     Release of other current assets                                           10,000            –
     Interest received                                                          6,387       6,103


     Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                   (159,650)    16,616


     Cash flows from financing activities
     Repayment of principal portion of the lease liabilities                      (504)       (477)
     Repayment of interest portion of the lease liabilities                        (80)        (14)
     Capital injection by non-controlling interests                            10,000            –
     Dividends paid to shareholders of the Company                                   –     (43,813)
     Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                     –     (16,045)


     Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                     9,416      (60,349)


     Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                      (73,349)    45,802


     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                       299,267     253,465


     Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                             225,918     299,267


     Analysis of balances of cash and cash equivalents
     Cash and cash equivalents with an original maturity of
       three months or less:
       — Cash deposits at banks and on hand                                    66,197     253,060
       — Short-term deposits                                                  159,721      46,207


                                                                              225,918     299,267


94   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




1. GENERAL INFORMATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION
     Ocean Line Port Development Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated as an exempted company with
     limited liability in the Cayman Islands on 30 October 2017. The address of the Company’s registered office is
     Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681. Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands. The principal place of
     business of the Company is located at Room 2715–16, 27th Floor, Hong Kong Plaza, 188 Connaught Road West,
     Hong Kong.


     The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The Group is principally engaged in port operation
     in Chizhou City, Anhui Province, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). Details of the principal activities of
     the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in note 41 to the consolidated financial statements. The Company and
     its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the “Group” hereafter.


     In the opinion of the directors, the Company’s immediate and ultimate parent is Vital Force Development
     Limited (“Vital Force”), a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (the “BVI”) and its ultimate
     controlling parties are Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi (“Mr. Kwai”) and his spouse Ms. Cheung Wai Fung (“Ms. Cheung”).


     The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 were approved and authorised for
     issue by the board of directors on 28 March 2025.


2. ADOPTION OF HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
     (a) Adoption of amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards — effective 1 January
         2024
           The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) has issued a number of amended
           HKFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective and relevant to the Group for the current accounting
           period:


           Amendments to HKAS 1                        Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and
                                                          HK Interpretation 5 (Revised), Presentation of Financial
                                                          Statements — Classification by the Borrower of a Term
                                                          Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause
           Amendments to HKAS 1                        Non-current Liabilities with Covenants




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 95
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2024




     2. ADOPTION OF HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (continued)
          (a) Adoption of amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards — effective 1 January
              2024 (continued)
                Amendments to HKAS 1 — Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and HK Interpretation
                5 (Revised), Presentation of Financial Statements — Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that
                Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause
                The amendments clarify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current is based on rights that
                are in existence at the end of the reporting period, specify that classification is unaffected by expectations
                about whether an entity will exercise its right to defer settlement of a liability and explain that rights
                are in existence if covenants are complied with at the end of the reporting period. The amendments
                also introduce a definition of ‘settlement’ to make clear that settlement refers to the transfer to the
                counterparty of cash, equity instruments, other assets or services.


                HK Int 5 (Revised) was revised October 2020 as a consequence of the Amendments to HKAS 1 issued in
                August 2020. The revision to HK Int 5 (Revised) updates the wordings in the interpretation to align with
                the Amendments to HKAS 1 with no change in conclusion and do not change the existing requirements.


                The Group has reassessed the terms and conditions of its liabilities as at 1 January 2023 and 1 January
                2024 and concluded that the classification of its liabilities as current or non-current remained unchanged
                upon initial application of the amendments. Accordingly, the amendments did not have any impact on the
                financial position or performance of the Group.


                Amendments to HKAS 1 — Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
                The amendments further clarify that among covenants of a liability arising from a loan agreement, only
                those with which an entity must comply on or before the reporting date affect the classification of that
                liability as current or non-current. In addition, the 2022 Amendments require additional disclosures by an
                entity that classifies liabilities arising from loan arrangements as non-current when it has a right to defer
                settlement of those liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12
                months after the reporting period.


                The Group has no non-current liabilities with covenants and concluded that the classification of its
                liabilities as current or non-current remained unchanged upon initial application of the amendments.
                Accordingly, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the
                Group.




96   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. ADOPTION OF HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (continued)
     (b) New and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that have been issued but
         are not yet effective
           The following new and revised HKFRS Accounting Standards have been issued, but are not yet effective
           and have not been early adopted by the Group. The Group’s current intention is to apply these changes
           on the date they become effective.

           Amendments to HKAS 21                            Lack of Exchangeability1
           Amendments to HKFRS 9 and                        Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
             HKFRS 7                                          Financial Instruments2
           Annual Improvements to HKFRS                     Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 and
             Accounting Standards                             HKAS 72
           Amendments to HKFRS 9 and                        Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity2
             HKFRS 7
           Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                       Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
             HKAS 28                                          Associate or Joint Venture4
           HKFRS 18                                         Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3

           1
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.
           2
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
           3
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.
           4
                 The amendments shall be applied prospectively to the sale or contribution of assets occurring in annual periods beginning on or
                 after a date to be determined.


           Amendments to HKAS 21 — Lack of Exchangeability
           The Amendments introduce requirements to assess when a currency is exchangeable into another
           currency and when it is not. The Amendments require an entity to estimate the spot exchange rate when
           it concludes that a currency is not exchangeable into another currency.

           The Amendments primarily include the following:

           •     Requirements to assess when a currency is exchangeable into another currency and when it is not

           •     Requirements to estimate the spot exchange rate when a currency is not exchangeable into another
                 currency

           •     Additional disclosure requirements when an entity estimates the spot exchange rate because a
                 currency is not exchangeable into another currency

           •     Application guidance to help entities assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another
                 currency and to estimate the spot exchange rate when a currency is not exchangeable

           •     Illustrative examples

           •     Amendments to HKFRS 1 First-time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards to align
                 the requirements related to severe hyperinflation to the amended HKAS 21.




                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                  97
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2024




     2. ADOPTION OF HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (continued)
          (b) New and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that have been issued but
              are not yet effective (continued)
                Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 — Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                Financial Instruments
                Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 clarify the date on which a financial asset or financial liability
                is derecognised and introduce an accounting policy option to derecognise a financial liability that is
                settled through an electronic payment system before the settlement date if specified criteria are met.
                The amendments clarify how to assess the contractual cash flow characteristics of financial assets with
                environmental, social and governance and other similar contingent features. Moreover, the amendments
                clarify the requirements for classifying financial assets with non-recourse features and contractually linked
                instruments. The amendments also include additional disclosure requirements for investments in equity
                instruments designated at FVOCI and financial instruments with contingent features. The amendments
                shall be applied retrospectively with an adjustment to opening retained profits (or other component
                of equity) at the initial application date. Prior periods are not required to be restated and can only be
                restated without the use of hindsight. Earlier application of either all the amendments at the same time
                or only the amendments related to the classification of financial assets is permitted. The amendments are
                not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


                Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards — Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9,
                HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7
                Details of the amendments that are expected to be applicable to the Group are as follows:


                •     HKFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures: The amendments have updated certain wordings in
                      paragraph B38 of HKFRS 7 and paragraphs IG1, IG14 and IG20B of the Guidance on implementing
                      HKFRS 7 for the purpose of simplification or achieving consistency with other paragraphs in the
                      standard and/or with the concepts and terminology used in other standards. In addition, the
                      amendments clarify that the Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7 does not necessarily illustrate
                      all the requirements in the referenced paragraphs of HKFRS 7 nor does it create additional
                      requirements. Earlier application is permitted.


                •     HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments: The amendments clarify that when a lessee has determined that a
                      lease liability has been extinguished in accordance with HKFRS 9, the lessee is required to apply
                      paragraph 3.3.3 of HKFRS 9 and recognise any resulting gain or loss in profit or loss. In addition,
                      the amendments have updated certain wordings in paragraph 5.1.3 of HKFRS 9 and Appendix A of
                      HKFRS 9 to remove potential confusion. Earlier application is permitted.




98   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. ADOPTION OF HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (continued)
     (b) New and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that have been issued but
         are not yet effective (continued)
           Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards — Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9,
           HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7 (continued)
           •     HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements: The amendments clarify that the relationship
                 described in paragraph B74 of HKFRS 10 is just one example of various relationships that might exist
                 between the investor and other parties acting as de facto agents of the investor, which removes the
                 inconsistency with the requirement in paragraph B73 of HKFRS 10. Earlier application is permitted.


           •     HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows: The amendments replace the term “cost method” with “at cost”
                 in paragraph 37 of HKAS 7 following the prior deletion of the definition of “cost method”. Earlier
                 application is permitted.


           Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 — Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity
           The amendments to improve the reporting by companies of the financial effects of nature-dependent
           electricity contracts that are often structured as power purchase agreements (PPAs).


           Nature-dependent electricity contracts assist companies to secure their electricity supply from wind and
           solar power sources. Since the amount of electricity generated under these contracts may vary based on
           uncontrollable factors related to weather conditions, current accounting requirements may not adequately
           capture how these contracts affect a company’s performance. In response, the amendments to HKFRS 9
           Financial Instruments and HKFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures to improve the disclosure of these
           contracts in the financial statements. The amendments include:


           •     Clarifying the application of the ‘own-use’ requirements;


           •     Permitting hedge accounting if these contracts are used as hedging instruments; and


           •     Adding new disclosure requirements to enable investors to understand the effect of these contracts
                 on a company’s financial performance and cash flows.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED               99
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       2. ADOPTION OF HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (continued)
            (b) New and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that have been issued but
                are not yet effective (continued)
                  Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 — Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                  Associate or Joint Venture
                  The amendments clarify with situations where there is a sale or contribution of assets between an investor
                  and its associate or joint venture. When the transaction with an associate or joint venture that is accounted
                  for using the equity method, any gains or losses resulting from the loss of control of a subsidiary that does
                  not contain a business are recognised in the profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investors’
                  interests in that associate or joint venture. Similarly, any gains or losses resulting from the remeasurement
                  of retained interest in any former subsidiary (that has become an associate or a joint venture) to fair value
                  are recognised in the profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investors’ interests in the new
                  associate or joint venture.


                  HKFRS 18 — Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
                  HKFRS 18 replaces HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. While a number of sections have
                  been brought forward from HKAS 1 with limited changes, HKFRS 18 introduces new requirements for
                  presentation within the statement of profit or loss, including specified totals and subtotals. Entities are
                  required to classify all income and expenses within the statement of profit or loss into one of the five
                  categories: operating, investing, financing, income taxes and discontinued operations, and to present two
                  new defined subtotals. It also requires disclosures about management-defined performance measures in
                  a single note and introduces enhanced requirements on the grouping (aggregation and disaggregation)
                  and the location of information in both the primary financial statements and the notes. Some requirements
                  previously included in HKAS 1 are moved to HKAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting
                  Estimates and Errors, which is renamed as HKAS 8 Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements. As a
                  consequence of the issuance of HKFRS 18, limited, but widely applicable, amendments are made to
                  HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows, HKAS 33 Earnings Per Share and HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting.
                  In addition, there are minor consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards. HKFRS
                  18 and the consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards will be effective for annual
                  periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027 with earlier application permitted. Retrospective application
                  is required. Even though HKFRS 18 will not have any effect on the recognition and measurement of items
                  in the consolidated financial statements, it is expected to have a material effect on the presentation and
                  disclosure of certain items. These changes include categorisation and sub-totals in the statement of profit
                  or loss, aggregation or disaggregation and labelling of information, and disclosure of management-
                  defined performance measures.




100 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. ADOPTION OF HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (continued)
     (b) New and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that have been issued but
         are not yet effective (continued)
           The directors anticipate that all of the relevant pronouncements will be adopted in the Group’s
           accounting policy for the first period beginning after the effective date of the pronouncement. The
           directors are currently assessing the possible effect of these revised standards on the Group’s results and
           financial position in the first year of application. Except for HKFRS 18, the directors consider that the new
           and revised HKFRS Accounting Standards that have been issued but are not yet effective are unlikely to
           have material impact on the Group’s results and financial position upon application.


3. BASIS OF PREPARATION
     (a) Basis of compliance
           The consolidated financial statements on pages 88 to 166 have been prepared in accordance with all
           applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”)
           and Interpretations (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “HKFRS Accounting Standards”) issued by
           the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. In addition, the
           consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the
           Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock Exchange.


     (b) Basis of measurement
           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for
           investment properties, debt instruments and equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive
           income (“FVOCI”) which are measured at fair value. The measurement bases are fully described in the
           accounting policies below.


           Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and
           services.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                  101
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       3. BASIS OF PREPARATION (continued)
            (b) Basis of measurement (continued)
                  Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
                  transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is
                  directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset
                  or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants
                  would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date.
                  Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is
                  determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of
                  HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 16,
                  and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable
                  value in HKAS 2 Inventories or value in use in HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets.


                  It should be noted that accounting estimates and assumptions are used in preparation of the consolidated
                  financial statements. Although these estimates are based on management’s best knowledge and
                  judgement of current events and actions, actual results may ultimately differ from those estimates. The
                  areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates
                  are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in note 5.


            (c)   Functional and presentation currency
                  The functional currency of the Company is Hong Kong Dollars, while the consolidated financial statements
                  are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”). As the functional currency of the major subsidiaries of the Company
                  is RMB, the directors consider that it will be more appropriate to adopt RMB as the Group’s and the
                  Company’s presentation currency. All values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise
                  indicated.




102 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     4.1 Basis of consolidation
           The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its
           subsidiaries. Inter-company transactions and balances between group companies together with unrealised
           profits are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.


           Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity,
           separately from equity attributable to owners of the Company. Profit or loss and each component of other
           comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests.
           Total comprehensive income is attributed to such non-controlling interests even if this results in those
           non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.


     4.2 Subsidiaries
           A subsidiary is an investee over which the Company is able to exercise control. The Company controls an
           investee if all three of the following elements are present: power over the investee, exposure, or rights, to
           variable returns from the investee, and the ability to use its power to affect those variable returns. Control
           is reassessed whenever facts and circumstances indicate that there may be a change in any of these
           elements of control.


     4.3 Property, plant and equipment
           Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
           impairment losses. The cost of an asset comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs
           of bringing the asset to the working condition and location for its intended use. Subsequent costs are
           included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it
           is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of
           the item can be measured reliably. All other costs, such as repairs and maintenance costs, are charged to
           profit or loss during the financial period in which they are incurred.


           Property, plant and equipment are depreciated so as to write off their cost, other than construction in
           progress, net of expected residual value, over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The
           useful lives, residual value and depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end
           of each reporting period. The useful lives are as follows:


           Terminal facilities                         The shorter of the lease term and 25–30 years
           Buildings                                   The shorter of the lease term and 10–40 years
           Port machinery and equipment                8–12 years
           Vessels                                     25 years
           Motor vehicles                              5–8 years
           Furniture and office equipment              5 years
           Leasehold improvements                      The shorter of the lease terms and 5–30 years
           Right-of-use assets                         The shorter of assets’ useful life and the lease terms




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                  103
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            4.3 Property, plant and equipment (continued)
                  The gain or loss arising on retirement or disposal is determined as the difference between the sales
                  proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in the consolidated statement of
                  comprehensive income.


                  Construction in progress is stated at cost less impairment losses. Cost comprises direct costs of
                  construction as well as borrowing costs capitalised during the periods of construction and installation.
                  Capitalisation of these costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to the appropriate class
                  of property, plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for
                  their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided for in respect of construction in progress
                  until it is completed and ready for its intended use.


                  An asset is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if its carrying amount is higher than the
                  asset’s estimated recoverable amount.


            4.4 Investment property
                  Investment property is held either to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or for both, but not held
                  for sale in the ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or services or for
                  administrative purposes. Investment property is measured at cost on initial recognition and subsequently
                  at fair value with any change therein recognised in profit or loss.


            4.5 Leasing
                  All leases (irrespective of they are operating leases or finance leases) are capitalised in the consolidated
                  statement of financial position as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities.


                  (i)   Right-of-use asset
                        The right-of-use asset is recognised at cost, which comprise: (i) the amount of the initial
                        measurement of the lease liability (see below for the accounting policy to account for lease liability);
                        (ii) any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives
                        received; (iii) any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee and (iv) an estimate of costs to be incurred
                        by the lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying asset to the condition required by the
                        terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories. The Group
                        measures the right-of-use assets applying a cost model. Under the cost model, the Group measures
                        the right to use assets at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and
                        adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liability. For right-of-use asset that meets the definition of
                        an investment property, they are carried at fair value.




104 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     4.5 Leasing (continued)
           (i)    Right-of-use asset (continued)
                  The Group accounts for certain leasehold land and buildings that are held for rental or capital
                  appreciation purpose under HKAS 40 and are carried at fair value at subsequent reporting dates.


                  Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying
                  leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of
                  the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter
                  of its estimated useful life and the lease term.


                  The Group presents right-of-use assets in “property, plant and equipment”, the same line item
                  within which the corresponding underlying assets would be presented if they were owned.


           (ii)   Lease liability
                  The lease liability is recognised at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
                  date of commencement of the lease. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate
                  implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined,
                  the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate of the particular lessee.


                  The following payments for the right to use the underlying asset during the lease term that are
                  not paid at the commencement date of the lease are considered to be lease payments: (i) fixed
                  payments less any lease incentives receivable; (ii) variable lease payments that depend on an index
                  or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at commencement date; (iii) amounts expected
                  to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees; (iv) the exercise price of a purchase
                  option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option and (v) payments of penalties for
                  terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising an option to terminate the
                  lease.


                  Subsequent to the commencement date, the Group measures the lease liability by: (i) increasing the
                  carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability; (ii) reducing the carrying amount to reflect
                  the lease payments made; and (iii) remeasuring the carrying amount to reflect any reassessment
                  or lease modifications, e.g., a change in future lease payments arising from change in an index or
                  rate, a change in the lease term, a change in the in substance fixed lease payments or a change in
                  assessment to purchase the underlying asset.


                  The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of
                  financial position.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                   105
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            4.5 Leasing (continued)
                  (ii)    Lease liability (continued)
                          Lease modification
                          The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if: (i) the modification increases
                          the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets; and (ii) the
                          consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
                          for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
                          circumstances of the particular contract.


                          For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures
                          the lease liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease
                          payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


                  (iii)   Accounting as a lessor
                          The Group has leased out its investment properties to a number of tenants. Rental income from
                          operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant
                          lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the
                          carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised as an expense on the straight-line basis over
                          the lease term.


            4.6 Revenue recognition
                  Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred
                  to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled
                  in exchange for those goods or services, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties.
                  Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.


                  Depending on the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to the contract, control of the goods or
                  service may be transferred over time or at a point in time. Control of the goods or service is transferred
                  over time if the Group’s performance:


                  •       provides all of the benefits received and consumed simultaneously by the customer;


                  •       creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or


                  •       does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable
                          right to payment for performance completed to date.




106 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     4.6 Revenue recognition (continued)
           If control of the goods or services transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the
           contract by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation.
           Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the goods or
           service.


           For contracts where the period between the payment and the transfer of the promised goods or
           services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing
           component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.


           (a)   Provision of port services
                 Container and cargo handling services and ancillary port services
                 The Group provides handling service of container, general and bulk cargos and ancillary port
                 services, which is assisting the handling service of container, general and bulk cargos. Revenue is
                 recognised based on the progress of completed services over a period of time, as the customer
                 simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the
                 Group performs.


                 Invoices for port services are issued on a monthly basis upon completion of service. Customers are
                 usually offered with a credit period ranging from 10 days to 55 days from the date of issue of the
                 invoice. For certain customers, they are required to pay the port services fee before rendering of
                 port services by the Group.


                 A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer services to a customer for which the
                 Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                  107
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            4.6 Revenue recognition (continued)
                  (b)   Interest income
                        Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method, which is the rate that exactly
                        discounts the estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial instrument or
                        a shorter period, where appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.


                  (c)   Rental income
                        Rental income under operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the
                        relevant lease.


            4.7 Financial Instruments
                  (i)   Financial assets
                        A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component) is initially
                        measured at fair value plus, for an item not at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), transaction
                        costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue. A trade receivable without a significant
                        financing component is initially measured at the transaction price.


                        All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is,
                        the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are
                        purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally
                        established by regulation or convention in the market place.


                        Debt instruments
                        Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for
                        managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are two measurement
                        categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:


                        Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows
                        represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Financial assets
                        at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest rate method. Interest
                        income, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain
                        or loss on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.


                        FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial
                        assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are
                        measured at FVOCI. Debt investments at FVOCI are subsequently measured at fair value. Interest
                        income calculated using the effective interest rate method, foreign exchange gains and losses and
                        impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Other net gains and losses are recognised in other
                        comprehensive income. On derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in other comprehensive
                        income are reclassified to profit or loss.




108 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     4.7 Financial Instruments (continued)
           (i)    Financial assets (continued)
                  Equity instruments
                  On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group could irrevocably
                  elect to present subsequent changes in the investment’s fair value in other comprehensive income.
                  This election is made on an investment-by-investment basis. Equity instruments at FVOCI are
                  measured at fair value. Dividend income are recognised in profit or loss unless the dividend income
                  clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investments. Other net gains and losses are
                  recognised in other comprehensive income and are not reclassified to profit or loss. All other equity
                  instruments are classified as FVTPL, whereby changes in fair value, dividends and interest income
                  are recognised in profit or loss.


           (ii)   Impairment loss on financial assets
                  The Group recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for trade receivables,
                  financial assets measured at amortised cost and debt investments measured at FVOCI. The ECLs are
                  measured on either of the following bases: (1) 12-month ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from
                  possible default events within the 12 months after the reporting date; and (2) lifetime ECLs: these
                  are ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument.
                  The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over
                  which the Group is exposed to credit risk.


                  ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the
                  difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the
                  contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive. The shortfall is then discounted at
                  an approximation to the assets’ original effective interest rate.


                  The Group has elected to measure loss allowances for trade receivables using HKFRS 9 simplified
                  approach and has calculated ECLs based on lifetime ECLs. The Group has established a provision
                  matrix that is based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking
                  factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.


                  For other debt financial assets, the ECLs are based on the 12-month ECLs. However, when there has
                  been a significant increase in credit risk since origination, the allowance will be based on the lifetime
                  ECLs.




                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                109
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            4.7 Financial Instruments (continued)
                  (ii)   Impairment loss on financial assets (continued)
                         When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since
                         initial recognition and when estimating ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable
                         information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both
                         quantitative and qualitative information analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and
                         informed credit assessment and including forward-looking information.


                         The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is
                         more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that
                         demonstrates otherwise.


                         The Group considers a financial asset to be credit-impaired when: (1) the borrower is unlikely to pay
                         its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising
                         security (if any is held); or (2) the financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has
                         reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is
                         more appropriate.


                         Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in
                         credit risk is performed on an individual basis. When the assessment is performed on a collective
                         basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as past
                         due status and credit risk ratings.


                         The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with
                         a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, except
                         for investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVOCI, for which the loss allowance is
                         recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in “Fair value reserve (recycling)”.


                         The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the debtor is in
                         severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery. Financial assets written off
                         may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into
                         account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.


                         Interest income on credit-impaired financial assets is calculated based on the amortised cost (i.e. the
                         gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the financial asset. For non credit-impaired financial
                         assets interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount.




110 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     4.7 Financial Instruments (continued)
           (iii)   Financial liabilities
                   The Group classifies its financial liabilities, depending on the purpose for which the liabilities were
                   incurred. Financial liabilities at amortised costs are initially measured at fair value, net of directly
                   attributable costs incurred.


                   Financial liabilities at amortised cost
                   Financial liabilities at amortised cost including trade payables, other payables and accruals and
                   amount due to non-controlling interests are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the
                   effective interest method. The related interest expense is recognised in profit or loss.


                   Gains or losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as
                   through the amortisation process.


           (iv)    Derecognition
                   The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the future cash flows in
                   relation to the financial asset expire or when the financial asset has been transferred and the transfer
                   meets the criteria for derecognition in accordance with HKFRS 9.


                   Financial liabilities are derecognised when the obligation specified in the relevant contract is
                   discharged, cancelled or expires.


     4.8 Accounting for income tax
           Income taxes for the year comprise current tax and deferred tax.


           Current tax is based on the profit or loss from ordinary activities adjusted for items that are non-assessable
           or disallowable for income tax purposes and is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
           substantively enacted at the end of reporting period. The amount of current tax payable or receivable is
           the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects any uncertainty related
           to income tax.


           Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
           and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the corresponding amounts used for tax purposes.
           Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available
           against which deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates
           expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the asset is realised based on tax rates that
           have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of reporting period.




                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 111
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            4.8 Accounting for income tax (continued)
                  An exception to the general requirement in determining the appropriate tax rate used in measuring
                  deferred tax amount is when an investment property is carried at fair value under HKAS 40 “Investment
                  Property”. Unless the presumption is rebutted, the deferred tax amounts on these investment properties
                  are measured using the tax rates that would apply on sale of these investment properties at their carrying
                  amounts at the reporting date. The presumption is rebutted when the investment property is depreciable
                  and is held within a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the economic
                  benefits embodied in the property over time, rather than through sale.


                  Income taxes are recognised in profit or loss except when they relate to items recognised in other
                  comprehensive income in which case the taxes are also recognised in other comprehensive income or
                  when they relate to items recognised directly in equity in which case the taxes are also recognised directly
                  in equity.


            4.9 Government grants
                  Government grants are recognised when there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and
                  that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them. Grants that compensate the Group for
                  expenses incurred are recognised as revenue in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods
                  in which the expenses are incurred. Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised
                  in profit or loss over the period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to
                  compensate.


                  Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the
                  purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised
                  in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable and are recognised as other income and
                  gains, net, rather than reducing the related expense.




112 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     4.10 Foreign currency
           Transactions entered into by the Group entities in currencies other than the currency of the primary
           economic environment in which they operate (the “functional currency”) are recorded at the rates ruling
           when the transactions occur. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the rates
           ruling at the end of the reporting period. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated
           in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was
           determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
           not retranslated.


           Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the translation of monetary
           items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise. Exchange differences arising on
           the retranslation of non-monetary items carried at fair value are included in profit or loss for the period
           except for differences arising on the retranslation of non-monetary items in respect of which gains and
           losses are recognised in other comprehensive income, in which case, the exchange differences are also
           recognised in other comprehensive income.


     4.11 Employee benefits
           (a)   Short term employee benefits
                 Short term employee benefits are employee benefits (other than termination benefits) that are
                 expected to be settled wholly before twelve months after the end of the annual reporting period in
                 which the employees render the related service. Short term employee benefits are recognised in the
                 year when the employees render the related service.


           (b)   Defined contribution retirement plan
                 Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement plans
                 and the cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are
                 rendered by employees. Where payment or settlement is deferred and the effect would be material,
                 these amounts are stated at their present values.


                 The Group operates the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under the
                 Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for those employees who are eligible to participate
                 in the MPF Scheme. The MPF Scheme is a defined contribution retirement benefit plan and
                 contributions to the scheme are made based on a percentage of the employees’ relevant income.


                 The employees of the Company’s subsidiaries which operate in the PRC are required to participate
                 in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. The subsidiaries are
                 required to contribute certain percentage of their payroll costs to the central pension scheme.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                113
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            4.11 Employee benefits (continued)
                  (c)   Termination benefits
                        Termination benefits are recognised on the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the
                        offer of those benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of
                        termination benefits.


            4.12 Impairment of non-financial assets
                  At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of property, plant and
                  equipment and investment in associates to determine whether there is any indication that those assets
                  have suffered an impairment loss or an impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or may
                  have decreased.


                  If the recoverable amount (i.e. the greater of the fair value less costs to disposal and value in use) of an
                  asset is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced to its
                  recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised as an expense immediately.


                  Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to the
                  revised estimate of its recoverable amount, to the extent that the increased carrying amount does not
                  exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised
                  for the asset in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised as income immediately.


            4.13 Research and development expenses
                  Research expenditure is recognised as an expense as incurred.


                  Costs incurred on development projects are capitalised as intangible assets when recognition criteria are
                  fulfilled and tests for impairment are performed annually. Other development expenditures that do not
                  meet those criteria are recognised as expenses as incurred. Development costs previously recognised as
                  expenses are not recognised as assets in subsequent periods.


            4.14 Cash and cash equivalents
                  Cash and cash equivalents include cash at bank and in hand, and short-term highly liquid investments with
                  original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible into know amounts of cash which
                  are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.




114 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     4.15 Provisions and contingent liabilities
           Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertainty timing or amount when the Group has a legal
           or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, which will probably result in an outflow of
           economic benefits that can be reasonably estimated.


           Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
           estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosure as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow
           of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, the existence of which will only be confirmed by the
           occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities
           unless the probabilities of outflow of economic benefits is remote.


5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the directors of the Company are required to make
     judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily
     apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and
     other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results differ from these estimates.


     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
     are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the
     period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


     (a) Impairment of financial assets
           The Group’s management assesses the credit risk of financial assets on a regular basis to determine
           if any provision for impairment is necessary. The implementation of HKFRS 9 resulted in a change to
           the assessment of the critical accounting estimates and judgements related to impairment of financial
           instruments. In determining ECLs, management is required to exercise judgement in defining what
           is considered to be a significant increase in credit risk and in making assumptions and estimates to
           incorporate relevant information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of economic
           conditions. The information about the ECLs and the Group’s trade receivables and other financial assets
           at amortised cost are disclosed in note 36(c) to the consolidated financial statements.


     (b) Estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment
           In determining the useful lives of property, plant and equipment, the Group has to consider various
           factors, such as expected usage of the asset, expected physical wear and tear, the care and maintenance
           of the asset, and legal or similar limits on the use of the asset. The estimation of the useful life of the
           asset is made based on the experience of the Group with similar assets that are used in a similar way.
           Depreciation charge is revised if the estimated useful lives of items of property, plant and equipment
           are different from the previous estimation. Estimated useful lives are reviewed, at the end of each of
           the reporting period, based on changes in circumstances. The carrying amount of property, plant and
           equipment is disclosed in note 14.




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 115
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS (continued)
            (c)   Fair values of investment properties
                  Investment properties are stated at fair value based on the valuation with the existence of independent
                  professional valuer. In determining the fair value, the valuer have based on a method of valuation which
                  involves certain estimates of market condition. The valuation of the Group’s investment properties are
                  dependent on certain key assumptions and estimations that require significant management judgement.
                  Changes to these assumptions would result in changes in the fair values of the Group’s investment
                  properties and the corresponding adjustments to the amount of gain or loss reported in the consolidated
                  statement of comprehensive income.


            (d) Income taxes
                  The Group is subject to income taxes in the PRC. Significant judgement is required in determining the
                  provision for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
                  determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where the final tax outcome of these
                  matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income
                  tax provision in the year in which such determination is made.


            (e) Judgements on the cost and completion date of construction-in-progress
                  The construction of terminal facilities involves various points in time and different parts of the construction
                  projects. The Group transfers the construction-in-progress to relevant categories of property, plant and
                  equipment in batches upon the completion of respective parts of the terminal facilities. The cost of
                  terminal facilities may not be paid in full when the construction is completed and ready for its intended
                  use. The Group estimates the completion progress, time to reach its intended use and the cost of the
                  construction-in-progress to be transferred to property, plant and equipment where necessary. If the
                  estimation differs significantly from the final settlement of the completed construction projects, the
                  difference will impact the cost of property, plant and equipment and the depreciation charge.


            (f)   Government grants
                  Government grants should be recognised in the profit or loss to match them with the expenditure
                  towards which they are intended to compensate. Management will recognise the grants as grants to
                  asset or income according to terms. Sometimes there will be some conditions attached to the grants,
                  management will carefully assess whether the Group will comply with the conditions and grants will be
                  only recognised when the Group is certain to comply with the conditions even if the grants has already
                  been received.




116 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS (continued)
     (g) Fair value measurement and valuation processes
           A number of assets and liabilities included in the Group’s consolidated financial statements require
           measurement at, and/or disclosure of, fair value.


           The fair value measurement of the Group’s financial and non-financial assets and liabilities utilises market
           observable inputs and data as far as possible. Inputs used in determining fair value measurements are
           categorised into different levels based on how observable the inputs used in the valuation technique
           utilised are (the “fair value hierarchy”):


           •     Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical items (unadjusted);


           •     Level 2: Observable direct or indirect inputs other than Level 1 inputs;


           •     Level 3: Unobservable inputs (i.e. not derived from market data).


           The classification of an item into the above levels is based on the lowest level of the inputs used that
           has a significant effect on the fair value measurement of the item. Transfers of items between levels are
           recognised in the period they occur.


           Some of the Group’s assets and liabilities are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes.
           The directors of the Company are responsible for determining the appropriate valuation techniques and
           inputs for fair value measurements. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses
           market-observable data to the extent it is available. Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the Group
           engages third party qualified valuers to perform the valuation. The directors of the Company work closely
           with the independent qualified professional valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques
           and inputs to the model. The directors of the Company regularly assess the impact and the cause of
           fluctuations in the fair value of the assets and liabilities. The Group uses valuation techniques that include
           inputs that are not based on observable market data to estimate the fair value of certain types of financial
           instruments and investment properties.


           The Group measures investment properties (note 15), equity investment at FVOCI (note 16) and debt
           instruments at FVOCI (note 19) at fair value.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 117
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS (continued)
            (g) Fair value measurement and valuation processes (continued)
                  The fair value of unlisted equity investment that is not traded in an active market is determined by using
                  valuation technique. The Group uses its judgement with the aid of an independent valuer, to select a
                  variety of methods and make assumptions that are based on market condition and other circumstances,
                  this might involve developing estimates and assumptions consistent with how market participants would
                  price the instrument. Estimated fair values may vary from the actual prices that would be achieved in an
                  arm’s length transaction at the reporting date. Details of the valuation assumption and its carrying amount
                  are set out in note 16.


                  For more detailed information in relation to the fair value measurement of the items above, please refer
                  to the applicable notes.


            (h) Deferred taxation on investment properties
                  For the purposes of measuring deferred tax liabilities or deferred tax assets arising from investment
                  properties that are using the fair value model, the directors of the Company have reviewed the Group’s
                  investment property portfolios situated in the PRC are held under a business model whose objective is
                  to consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the investment properties over time
                  rather than through sale. As a result, the presumption that the carrying amount of the Group’s investment
                  properties in the PRC is to recover through sale rather than through use has been rebutted and deferred
                  tax on the changes in fair value is recognised according to the relevant tax rules.


       6. SEGMENT INFORMATION
            (a) Operating segment information
                  The Group identifies its operating segments and prepares segment information based on the regular
                  internal financial information reported to the Company’s executive directors, who are the chief operating
                  decision makers of the Group, for their decisions about resources allocation to the Group’s business
                  components and review of these components’ performance. There is only one business component
                  in the internal reporting to the Company’s executive directors, which is the provision of port services.
                  Accordingly, no segment information analysed by operating segment is presented in the consolidated
                  financial statements.


            (b) Geographical information
                  The geographical location of revenue allocated is based on the location at which services are provided.
                  The Group renders port services in the PRC and all its revenue for the years ended 31 December 2024 and
                  2023 were derived in the PRC. The geographical location of the Group’s non-current assets is based on
                  the physical location of the assets. The Group’s non-current assets are located or based in the PRC.




118 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




6. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     (c)   Information about major customers
           Revenue attributed from customers that accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue during
           the year is as follows:


                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


           Customer A                                                                         25,614             24,456


7. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS, NET
     (a)   Disaggregation of revenue which represents the income from provision of port services excluding value-
           added tax, where applicable.


                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


            Revenue from contracts with customers
               within the scope of HKFRS 15
            Provision of uploading and unloading handling services
            Bulk cargo and break bulk cargo                                                  147,151            145,839
            Containers                                                                          3,212              3,516
            Provision of ancillary port services                                              26,679             24,228


                                                                                             177,042            173,583


           The Group has applied the practical expedient to its port service contracts and therefore it does not
           disclose about revenue that the Group will be entitled to when it satisfies the remaining performance
           obligations under the contracts for provision of port services that have an original expected duration of
           one year or less and that are unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied as of the end of the reporting periods.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                119
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       7. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS, NET (continued)
            (b)   An analysis of the Group’s other income and gains, net during the year is as follows:


                                                                                                                         2024                   2023
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000


                  Bank interest income                                                                                  6,387                  6,103
                  Rental income from investment properties                                                              4,823                  4,214
                  Government grants
                  — relating to investment properties and right-of-use assets (note 29)                                   890                    890
                  — other rewards#                                                                                      2,576                  1,060
                  Gain on land resumption of property, plant and equipment*                                               603                       –
                  Gain on land resumption of investment properties*                                                       321                       –
                  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                          –                   179
                  Exchange gain, net                                                                                    1,647                    566
                  Others                                                                                                  587                    588


                                                                                                                      17,834                 13,600

                  #
                        Government grants of other rewards represent unconditional cash subsidies from government.

                  *     On 31 March 2024, Chizhou Port Ocean Line Holdings Group Limited (“Chizhou Port Holdings”) (formerly known as Chizhou
                        Port Ocean Line Holdings Limited), a subsidiary of the Company, and Chizhou Economic Development Zone Management
                        Committee (the “Committee”) entered into a compensation agreement, pursuant to which the Committee resumed the Group’s
                        certain leasehold land held for own use, with a site area of approximately 4,781 square meters and the Group’s certain leasehold
                        land held for rental purpose, with a site area of approximately 7,680 square meters (the “Land Resumption”). Chizhou Port
                        Holdings agreed to the Land Resumption, to facilitate the Committee’s Chizhou Economic Development Zone Riverside Road
                        Widening Project (池州經濟技術開發區濱江大道拓寬工程). The cash compensation for the Land Resumption was approximately
                        RMB2,710,000. The Group recorded gain on Land Resumption of approximately RMB924,000 in total during the year ended 31
                        December 2024.




120 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




8. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                                            2024                 2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000


     Interest on lease liabilities                                                                             80                   14


9. PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX
     Profit before income tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                                            2024                 2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000


     Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                  770                   730
     Costs of inventories recognised as an expense
       (included under cost of services rendered)                                                          3,339                 3,110


     Employee benefit expenses (note) (including directors’ emoluments
       (note 10))
       — Wages, salaries and other benefits                                                               21,827               21,098
       — Discretionary bonuses                                                                             6,897                 7,950
       — Defined contributions                                                                             3,098                 3,628
                                                                                                          31,822               32,676


     Direct operating expenses arising from investment properties that
       generated rental income                                                                               599                   218
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                        24,615               23,360
     Repairs and maintenance expenses
       (included under cost of services rendered)                                                          1,078                 2,007
     Subcontracting fee (included under cost of services rendered)                                        14,212               11,298
     Short-term lease                                                                                           6                   23
     Amortisation of deferred government grant                                                               (890)                (890)
     Expected credit losses recognised                                                                          1                    –
     Loss/(gain) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                  55                 (179)
     Gain on land resumption of property, plant and equipment                                                (603)                   –
     Gain on land resumption of investment properties                                                        (321)                   –

     Note:

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group incurred expenses for the purpose of research and development of approximately
     RMB8,852,000 (2023: RMB8,678,000), which comprised employee benefits expenses of approximately RMB4,800,000 (2023: RMB4,235,000) and
     were included in administrative expenses on the consolidation statement of comprehensive income.




                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                            121
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       10. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
            (a) Directors’ remuneration
                  The emolument of each of the directors for the year is set out below:

                                                                        Salaries,
                                                                     allowances
                                                                    and benefits Discretionary     Defined
                                                            Fees         in kind      bonuses contributions     Total
                                                         RMB'000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

                  Year ended 31 December 2024
                  Executive directors:
                  Mr. Kwai                                    310             –             –             –       310
                  Mr. Huang Xueliang (“Mr. Huang”)            240           640             –             –       880

                                                              550           640             –             –     1,190

                  Non-executive director:
                  Ms. Cheung                                  221              –            –             –       221

                  Independent non-executive directors:
                  Mr. Nie Rui                                 166              –            –             –       166
                  Dr. Li Weidong (note (i))                    87              –            –             –        87
                  Mr. Cheng Yin Pan (note (ii))                79              –            –             –        79
                  Mr. Cheung Sze Ming                         166              –            –             –       166

                                                              498              –            –             –       498

                  Year ended 31 December 2023
                  Executive directors:
                  Mr. Kwai                                    303              –            –             –       303
                  Mr. Huang                                   240            640            –             –       880

                                                              543            640            –             –     1,183

                  Non-executive director:
                  Ms. Cheung                                  217              –            –             –       217

                  Independent non-executive directors:
                  Mr. Nie Rui                                 162              –            –             –       162
                  Dr. Li Weidong                              162              –            –             –       162
                  Mr. Cheung Sze Ming                         162              –            –             –       162

                                                              486              –            –             –       486

                  Notes:

                  (i)      Resigned on 10 July 2024.

                  (ii)     Appointed on 10 July 2024.




122 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




10. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
    (continued)
     (b) Five highest paid individuals
           The five highest paid individuals of the Group included one director (2023: one director) during the year,
           whose emoluments are reflected in note (a).


           The analysis of the emolument of the four (2023: four) highest paid non-director individuals during the
           year, are set out below:


                                                                                               2024           2023
                                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


           Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                          1,191           1,116
           Discretionary bonuses                                                                444             472
           Pension scheme contributions                                                         103             174


                                                                                              1,738           1,762


           The emolument paid or payables to each of the above non-director individuals during the year fell within
           the following band:


                                                                                               2024           2023
                                                                                        Number of       Number of
                                                                                         individuals    individuals


           Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                     4              4


           During the year, no director or any of the highest paid individuals waived or agreed to waive any
           emoluments (2023: Nil). No emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors or any of the highest
           paid individuals of the Group as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation
           for loss of office as a director of any member of the Group or of any other office in connection with the
           management of the affairs of any member of the Group (2023: Nil).


           The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services in connection with the
           management of the affairs of the Company and the Group. The non-executive directors’ emoluments
           shown above were mainly for their services as directors of the Company or its subsidiaries. The
           independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services as directors
           of the Company.


     (c)   Pensions — defined contribution plans
           No forfeited contribution is available to reduce the contribution payable in future year.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED               123
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
            (a) Income tax
                  The amount of taxation in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income during the year
                  represents:


                                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000


                  Current tax expenses
                  — PRC enterprise income tax                                                     14,133             16,858
                  — Under/(over)-provision in respective of prior years                                81              (561)
                  Deferred tax expense (Note 11(b))                                                  511                729


                                                                                                  14,725             17,026


                  No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made as the Group has no estimated assessable profits
                  arising in or derived from Hong Kong for the year (2023: nil).


                  The Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC are subject to the PRC enterprise income tax (“EIT”) at the
                  standard rate of 25% on the estimated assessable profits, except for the following subsidiaries which
                  enjoyed certain tax exemption and relief.


                  Pursuant to the PRC tax law, its rules and regulations, enterprises that invest in qualifying public
                  infrastructure projects are eligible for certain tax benefits.


                  One of the infrastructure projects (the “Qualifying Project”) of Chizhou Port Holdings, a subsidiary of
                  the Company, is engaging in qualifying public infrastructures. It is entitled to a 50% reduction from the
                  financial year beginning on 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024. Therefore, the relevant profit generated
                  from the Qualifying Project is computed at a reduced rate of 50% as taxable amount for the year ended 31
                  December 2023 and 2024. Apart from the Qualifying Project, Chizhou Port Holdings has been recognised
                  as a high and new technology enterprise under the applicable PRC tax law. Other infrastructure projects
                  of Chizhou Port Holdings is subject to a reduced rate of 15% EIT for three consecutive financial years from
                  2022 to 2024.




124 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)
     (a) Income tax (continued)
           Chizhou Ocean Line Niutoushan Limited (“Chizhou Niutoushan”), a subsidiary of the Company, has
           been recognised as a high and new technology enterprise under the applicable PRC tax law. Chizhou
           Niutoushan is subject to a reduced rate of 15% EIT for three consecutive financial years from 2023 to 2025.


           Chizhou Port Ocean Line Logistic Company Limited (“Chizhou Logistic”) and Chizhou Qianjiang Port
           Logistic Company Limited (“Qianjiang Logistic”), subsidiaries of the Company, have met the criteria of
           small low-profit enterprise under the applicable PRC tax law. As the annual taxable income of Chizhou
           Logistic and Qianjiang Logistic do not exceed RMB1 million, the relevant EIT are computed at a reduced
           rate of 12.5% as taxable income amount and subject to EIT at 20%.


           Withholding tax is calculated at 10% of the dividends declared in respect of profits earned by PRC entities
           distribute to a non-PRC holding company, except for the following non-PRC subsidiary of the Company
           which enjoyed certain tax reduction.


           Pursuant to the double tax arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong effective on 1 January
           2007, a qualified Hong Kong Tax resident will be liable for withholding income at the rate of 5% (“Tax
           Reduction”) for dividend income derived from the PRC in the case where the holding company is a Hong
           Kong resident enterprise holding 25% or more equity interests in such PRC resident enterprise pursuant
           to the Arrangement between Mainland China and Hong Kong for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and
           the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income. Ocean Line Port Development (Hong
           Kong) Limited (“Ocean Line Hong Kong”) and Ocean Line Group (Chizhou) Port Development Inc. (“Ocean
           Line Chizhou”), subsidiaries of the Company, are entitled to the Tax Reduction, hence the applicable
           withholding tax rate for Ocean Line Hong Kong and Ocean Line Chizhou were 5% for the years ended 31
           December 2024 and 2023.




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED               125
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)
            (a) Income tax (continued)
                  The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the profit before income tax per the
                  consolidated statement of comprehensive income as follows:


                                                                                                      2024            2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000


                  Profit before income tax                                                         103,561          98,109


                  Taxation calculated at PRC EIT rate of 25%                                        25,890          24,527
                  Non-taxable income                                                                 (1,564)          (632)
                  Expenses not deductible for tax                                                    1,844           1,990
                  Tax effect of preferential tax rates for subsidiaries                             (11,809)         (8,682)
                  Withholding tax on dividend                                                          283             384
                  Under/(over)-provision in respect of prior years                                      81            (561)


                  Income tax expense                                                                14,725          17,026


            (b) Deferred tax
                  Details of the deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised and movements in the year:


                                                                         Fair value    Interests Withholding
                                                           Deferred adjustment of capitalised as       tax on
                                                         government    investment    qualifying undistributed
                                                               grant    properties        assets   dividends         Total
                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000

                  As at 1 January 2023                          4,419       (5,506)        (160)         (3,299)     (4,546)


                  Charged to profit or loss                      (116)        (229)           –            (384)       (729)


                  As at 31 December 2023 and
                    1 January 2024                             4,303        (5,735)        (160)         (3,683)     (5,275)


                  Charged to profit or loss                     (116)        (112)            –           (283)        (511)


                  As at 31 December 2024                       4,187        (5,847)        (160)         (3,966)     (5,786)




126 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)
     (b) Deferred tax (continued)
           As at 31 December 2024, the Group recognised deferred tax liabilities of approximately RMB3,966,000
           (2023: RMB3,683,000), for withholding tax that would be payable on the retained profits of the Company’s
           subsidiaries established in the PRC. There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of
           dividends by the Company to its shareholders.


           For the purpose of presentation in consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
           and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial
           reporting purposes:


                                                                                              2024              2023
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000


           Deferred tax liabilities                                                         (5,786)            (5,275)


12. DIVIDENDS
     No dividend has been paid or declared by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2024.


     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Board has proposed a final dividend of HK3.0 cents per share
     and a special dividend of HK3.0 cents per share in an aggregate amount of HK$48,000,000 (appropriately
     RMB43,813,000) for the year ended 31 December 2022 out of the share premium account within the equity
     section of the statement of financial position of the Company. The proposed final dividend and the proposed
     special final dividend were approved by the shareholders of the Company on 24 May 2023, and were paid on 21
     June 2023.


     The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year.


13. EARNINGS PER SHARE

                                                                                              2024              2023
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000


     Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company                              65,623            59,140


                                                                                              2024              2023


     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue                              800,000,000        800,000,000


     Diluted earnings per share is the same as the basic earnings per share because the Company has no dilutive
     potential ordinary shares in issue during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.



                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 127
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                                                                 Furniture
                                            Terminal               Port machinery                   Motor       and office        Leasehold    Construction-   Right-of-use
                                            facilities   Buildings and equipment       Vessels     vehicles    equipment      improvements       in-progress         assets      Total
                                            RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                                                                                                     (note)

            At 1 January 2023
              Cost                           397,299       17,594         118,135       14,026        5,168          3,971            4,142            7,766         76,202     644,303
              Accumulated depreciation      (127,255)      (5,757)        (66,533)      (4,369)      (3,063)        (2,816)          (1,615)               –        (15,522)   (226,930)

              Net carrying amount            270,044       11,837          51,602        9,657       2,105          1,155             2,527            7,766        60,680      417,373


            Year ended 31 December 2023
              Opening net carrying amount    270,044       11,837          51,602        9,657       2,105          1,155             2,527            7,766        60,680      417,373
              Additions                          265            –               87           –         446            134                 –            4,113             –         5,045
              Lease modification                   –            –                –           –           –              –                 –                –         1,591         1,591
              Disposals                            –            –           (2,338)          –        (938)             –                 –                –             –        (3,276)
              Depreciation                   (14,022)        (575)          (5,226)       (552)       (483)          (339)             (196)               –        (1,967)      (23,360)
              Eliminated on disposals              –            –            2,063           –         891              –                 –                –             –         2,954
              Exchange realignment                 –            –                –           –           –              –                 –                –           (20)          (20)

              Closing net carrying amount    256,287       11,262          46,188        9,105       2,021            950             2,331          11,879         60,284      400,307


            At 31 December 2023 and
              1 January 2024
              Cost                           397,564       17,594         115,884       14,026        4,676          4,105            4,142          11,879          77,793     647,663
              Accumulated depreciation      (141,277)      (6,332)        (69,696)      (4,921)      (2,655)        (3,155)          (1,811)              –         (17,509)   (247,356)

              Net carrying amount            256,287       11,262          46,188        9,105       2,021            950             2,331          11,879         60,284      400,307


            Year ended 31 December 2024
              Opening net carrying amount   256,287        11,262          46,188       9,105        2,021            950            2,331           11,879         60,284     400,307
              Additions                         265           637              25           –          408            537                –            3,871              –        5,743
              Transfers in/(from)             6,622         2,309           1,611           –            –              –                –          (10,542)             –            –
              Disposals                          (70)           –               –           –            –              –                –                –           (622)        (692)
              Depreciation                  (14,446)         (764)         (5,976)       (580)        (497)          (268)            (154)               –         (1,930)     (24,615)
              Eliminated on disposals             15            –               –           –            –              –                –                –            185          200
              Exchange realignment                 –            –               –           –            –              –                –                –             38           38

              Closing net carrying amount   248,673        13,444          41,848       8,525        1,932          1,219            2,177            5,208         57,955     380,981


            At 31 December 2024
              Cost                           404,381       20,540         117,520      14,026        5,084          4,642             4,142           5,208         77,171      652,714
              Accumulated depreciation      (155,708)       (7,096)        (75,672)    (5,501)      (3,152)        (3,423)           (1,965)              –        (19,216)    (271,733)

              Net carrying amount           248,673        13,444          41,848       8,525        1,932          1,219            2,177            5,208         57,955     380,981




128 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
     Note:

     Right-of-use assets

                                                                                        Office properties          Leasehold land             Total
       Total                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000             RMB’000


       As at 1 January 2023                                                                            476                  60,204           60,680

       Lease modification                                                                            1,591                        –            1,591
       Depreciation                                                                                   (456)                  (1,511)          (1,967)
       Exchange realignment                                                                             (20)                      –              (20)


       As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                     1,591                  58,693           60,284

       Disposals (note 7(b))                                                                             –                    (622)             (622)
       Depreciation                                                                                   (536)                 (1,394)           (1,930)
       Eliminated on disposals (note 7(b))                                                               –                     185               185
       Exchange realignment                                                                             38                       –                38


       As at 31 December 2024                                                                        1,093                  56,862           57,955


     The Group leases office properties and holds land use rights for use of land for port operation. Lease terms for office properties are negotiated
     on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other
     than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. The leasehold land under right-of-use assets represents land use
     rights in the PRC whereby prepayments were made by the Group for the use of land in the PRC which are held on leases with lease terms
     between 40 and 50 years.

     As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s property, plant and equipment with net carrying amount of approximately RMB127,383,000 (2023:
     RMB137,536,000) were pledged to secure banking facilities as set out in note 27.

     Details of the maturity analysis of lease liabilities and total cash outflow for leases are set out in notes 25 and 35 respectively.




                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                 129
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                               Under
                                                                         Completed       construction            Total
                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


            Fair value
            At 1 January 2023                                                75,000                 –           75,000
            Additions                                                           946            13,932           14,878
            Transfer                                                         13,932           (13,932)               –
            Changes in fair value                                               822                 –              822


            At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                           90,700                 –          90,700
            Additions                                                           342              995             1,337
            Disposal (note 7(b))                                              (1,349)               –           (1,349)
            Changes in fair value                                             (2,393)          1,105            (1,288)


            At 31 December 2024                                              87,300            2,100           89,400


            The fair value of the Group’s investment properties, which are warehouses for port operation including the
            land use rights for the land upon which the warehouses are situated, at 31 December 2024 and 2023 have been
            arrived at based on market value basis carried out by Kroll (HK) Limited, an independent valuer who holds a
            recognised and relevant professional qualification and has recent experience in the location and category of
            the investment property being valued. The land use rights are held on leases with lease terms between 40 and
            50 years.




130 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
     Information about level 3 fair value measurements:

                              Valuation                                                                                         Relationship of
                              techniques          Unobservable input                                                 Ranges     unobservable input(s) to fair value


     Land in the PRC          Direct comparison   Adjustment rate to unit sales taking into                    (10%) to 10%     The higher adjustment rate, the higher the
                                method              account of individual factors such as location,      (2023: 10% to 15%)       fair value measurement, and vice versa.
                                                    usage and size etc.


     Buildings (completed)    Direct comparison   Adjustment rate to unit sales taking into account            (42%) to (20%)   The higher adjustment rate, the higher the
       in the PRC               method                of individual factors such as transaction        (2023: (40%) to (25%))     fair value measurement, and vice versa.
                                                      status, location, property condition, economic
                                                      environment, usage, size and time etc.

     Buildings                Direct comparison   Adjustment rate to unit sales taking into account           (42%) to (27%)    The higher adjustment rate, the higher the
       (under construction)     method                of individual factors such as transaction                                   fair value measurement, and vice versa.
       in the PRC                                     status, location, property condition, economic
                                                      environment, usage, size and time etc.


                                                  Estimated construction costs                                   RMB1,175       The higher the estimated construction
                                                                                                          per square meter        costs, the lower the fair value, and vice
                                                                                                                                  versa.


     The valuations of investment properties were determined based on direct comparison method, by reference
     to recent market transaction prices of comparable properties and land in the similar locations with adjustments
     for other individual factors. The construction cost incurred and estimated construction cost to complete the
     development as at the date of valuation are also taken into account.


     As at the date of approval of the consolidated financial statements, the Group are in the process of applying for
     the title certificates of certain of their buildings with an aggregate net carrying amount of RMB23,200,000 as at
     31 December 2024 (2023: RMB22,000,000). The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the aforesaid
     matters will not have any significant impact on the Group’s financial position.


     There were no changes to the valuation techniques during the year.




                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                                      131
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
            A reconciliation of the opening and closing fair value balance of the Group’s investment properties is provided
            below.


                                                                                                         2024        2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


            Opening balance (level 3 recurring fair value)                                              90,700     75,000
            Additions                                                                                    1,337     14,878
            Disposal                                                                                    (1,349)         –
            (Loss)/gain on change in fair value included in profit or loss                              (1,288)       822


            Closing balance (level 3 recurring fair value)                                              89,400     90,700


            Change in fair value (unrealised (loss)/gain)
              for the year included in profit or loss                                                   (1,288)       822


            There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 valuation during the year. In estimating the fair
            value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.


            As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s investment properties of approximately RMB14,100,000 (2023:
            RMB15,200,000) were pledged to banking facilities as set out in note 27.


       16. EQUITY INVESTMENT AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
           COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                                         2024        2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


            Non-current assets
            Unlisted equity investment                                                                  27,093     17,377


            The equity investments were irrevocably designated at FVOCI as the Group considers the investments to be
            long-term strategic capital investment in nature. Changes in fair value of the above equity investments are
            recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated within the fair value reserve within equity. The
            Group transfers amounts from fair value reserve (non-recycling) to retained earnings when the relevant equity
            investment is derecognised.




132 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




16. EQUITY INVESTMENT AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (continued)
     Particulars of investment in unlisted equity securities held by the Group as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 are
     as follows:


                                              Place of                Percentage of
       Name of investee company               incorporation      effective interest held            Carrying value
                                                                      2024            2023           2024            2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000      RMB’000


       Chizhou Wusha Port                     The PRC                 7.2%            7.2%          16,850       16,890
         Transportation Company Limited
         (“Chizhou Wusha”)


       Chizhou Tie Hang Construction          The PRC                 3.6%                 –         9,992              –
         Investment Development
         Co., Ltd. (“Chizhou Tie Hang”)

     The fair value of the Group’s equity investment at 31 December 2024 and 2023 has been arrived at based on
     asset approach carried out by Peak Vision Appraisals Limited, an independent valuer who holds a recognised
     and relevant professional qualification. Under the asset approach, the share of the net asset value has been
     used to capture the present value of the expected future economic benefits to be derived from the ownership
     of the equity investment. In applying market approach, the Group has selected comparable discount rate in
     the same or a similar industry and applying an appropriate ratio that is a relevant performance measure for its
     investments.


     The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the financial asset is categorised in its entirety is based on the
     lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.


                                                                                                  2024            2023
                                                                                                Level 3         Level 3
                                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


     Unlisted equity investment                                                                  27,093          17,377




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                   133
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       16. EQUITY INVESTMENT AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
           COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (continued)
            Information about level 3 fair value measurements:

                                                                                       Unobservable                                         Relationship of
                               Investment                   Valuation techniques       input                                      Range     unobservable inputs to fair value


            Chizhou Wusha      Unlisted equity investment   Market approach (2023:     Discount for lack of control    5.22% (2023: 5.2%)   The discount rate is negatively correlated to the
                                 in the PRC                  Market approach)            and discount for lack of     15.6% (2023: 15.7%)     fair value measurement of the unlisted equity
                                                                                         marketability                                        investment. A slight increase in the discount
                                                                                                                                              for lack of control and lack of marketability
                                                                                                                                              would result in a slight decrease in fair value
                                                                                                                                              measurement of the equity investment, and vice
                                                                                                                                              versa.


            Chizhou Tie Hang   Unlisted equity investment   Assets approach          Discount for lack of control                   0.1%    The discount rate is negatively correlated to the
                                 in the PRC                                                                                                   fair value measurement of the unlisted equity
                                                                                                                                              investment. A slight increase in the discount for
                                                                                                                                              lack of control would result in a slight decrease
                                                                                                                                              in fair value measurement of the equity
                                                                                                                                              investment, and vice versa.


            There were no changes to the valuation techniques during the year.


            A reconciliation of the opening and closing fair value balance of the Group’s equity investment at fair value
            through other comprehensive income is provided below.


                                                                                                                                                    2024                             2023
                                                                                                                                             RMB’000                         RMB’000


            Opening balance (level 3 recurring fair value)                                                                                       17,377                           17,838
            Addition (note)                                                                                                                      10,000                                500
            Change in fair value included in other comprehensive income                                                                               (284)                           (961)


            Closing balance (level 3 recurring fair value)                                                                                       27,093                           17,377

            Note:

            During the year ended 31 December 2024, a cash injection of RMB10,000,000 was made by the Group into the capital of Chizhou Tie Hang in
            proportionate to the equity interest held of Chizhou Tie Hang.



            There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 valuation during the year.




134 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




17. INVENTORIES

                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000


     Consumables                                                                         2,642             2,638


18. TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000


     Trade receivables                                                                   7,867             4,564
     Less: Provision for impairment                                                          (1)               –


     Trade receivables, net                                                              7,866             4,564


     The credit period for trade receivables is generally ranging from 10 to 55 days. The directors of the Company
     consider that the fair value of the trade receivables which are expected to be recovered within one year is
     not materially different from their carrying amounts because the balance has short maturity periods on their
     inception.


     Based on invoice dates, ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables, net of impairment provision, is as
     follows:


                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000


     0 to 30 days                                                                        6,117             4,564
     31 to 90 days                                                                       1,082                 –
     91 to 120 days                                                                        667                 –
     121 to 365 days                                                                          –                –
     Over 1 year                                                                              –                –


                                                                                         7,866             4,564




                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED              135
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       18. TRADE RECEIVABLES (continued)
            The below table reconciled the provision of impairment loss on trade receivables during the year:


                                                                                                       2024               2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


            Balance at 1 January                                                                           –             1,006
            Written off                                                                                    –             (1,006)
            Expected credit losses recognised                                                              1                  –


            Balance at 31 December                                                                         1                  –


       19. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
           COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                                       2024               2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


            Current assets
            Bills receivables                                                                        13,151              4,624


            As at 31 December 2024, the maturity period for bills receivables is ranging from 3 to 6 months.


            The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the financial asset is categorised in its entirety is based on the
            lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.


                                                                                                       2024               2023
                                                                                                     Level 3            Level 3
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


            Bills receivables                                                                        13,151              4,624




136 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




19. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (continued)
     Information about level 3 fair value measurements:


                                                                                                          Relationship of
                               Valuation                                                                  unobservable
                               techniques                       Unobservable input             Range      inputs to fair value


     Bills receivables         Income approach — in this        Discount rate         2024: 2.9%–3.1%      The discount rate is
                                 approach, the discounted                            (2023: 2.9%–3.1%)       negatively correlated
                                 cash flow method was used to                                                to the fair value
                                 capture the present value of                                                measurement of bills
                                 the cash flows to be derived                                                receivables.
                                 from the receivables

     There were no changes to the valuation techniques during the year.


     A reconciliation of the opening and closing fair value balance of the Group’s debt instruments at fair value
     through other comprehensive income is provided below.


                                                                                                         2024                     2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000                   RMB’000


     Opening balance (level 3 recurring fair value)                                                      4,624                    1,185
     Additions                                                                                       32,130                      16,903
     Disposals                                                                                      (23,603)                 (13,464)


     Closing balance (level 3 recurring fair value)                                                  13,151                       4,624


     There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 valuation during the year.




                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                          137
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       19. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
           COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (continued)
            As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group discounted certain bank acceptance bills to banks for cash
            proceeds and endorsed certain bank acceptance bills to suppliers on a full recourse basis for settling trade
            payables of the same amount. The Group has derecognised these bills receivable and the payables to suppliers
            in their entirety. These derecognised bank acceptance bills had a maturity date less than six months from the
            end of the reporting period. In the opinion of the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all the risks
            and rewards of ownership of these bills to its suppliers, and the Group has limited exposure in respect of the
            settlement obligation of these bills receivable under the relevant PRC rules and regulations should the issuing
            banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date. The Group considered the issuing banks of the bills are of good
            credit rating and the non-settlement of these bills by the issuing banks on maturity is not probable.


            As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s maximum exposure to loss and undiscounted cash outflow, which is
            the same as the amounts payable by the Group to banks or suppliers in respect of the discounted bills and
            endorsed bills, should the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date, amounted to RMB8,914,000 and
            Nil (2023: RMB1,502,000 and RMB3,003,000) respectively.


            No gains or losses were recognised from the Continuing Involvement, both during the year or cumulatively.


       20. DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                                       2024                   2023
                                                                                                 Notes              RMB’000                RMB’000


            Deposits                                                                                (i)                  1,398                 2,467
            Prepayments                                                                                                  1,892                 1,926
            Other receivables                                                                       (ii)                 1,733                 3,539


                                                                                                                         5,023                 7,932


            Classified as:
            Non-current assets                                                                                           2,898                 2,450
            Current assets                                                                                               2,125                 5,482


                                                                                                                         5,023                 7,932


            The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.

            Notes:

            (i)      As at 31 December 2024, included in deposits, approximately RMB99,000 (2023: RMB96,000) represents rental deposit paid to a related
                     company, of which Mr. Kwai and Ms. Cheung are the beneficial owners.


            (ii)     As at 31 December 2024, the value-added tax for future deduction was approximately RMB148,000 (2023: RMB716,000) which are
                     expected to be recovered or utilised within one year.



138 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




21. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS/TIME DEPOSITS

                                                                                               2024           2023
                                                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000


     Cash deposits at banks and on hand                                                      66,197        253,060
     Short-term deposits                                                                    159,721          46,207


     Cash and cash equivalents                                                              225,918        299,267


     Time deposits classified as current assets                                             153,960           2,293


     Cash deposits at banks earn interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term deposits in
     a bank are made for 1 to 3 months (2023: 1 to 3 months) and earn interests at 0.90% to 4.30% per annum (2023:
     5.14% to 5.48% per annum).


     As at 31 December 2024, time deposits of RMB153,960,000 (2023: RMB2,293,000) represent fixed deposits with
     original maturity more than three months but within 1 year from the deposit date, which carried interest at rate
     of 0.90% to 4.20% (2023: 5.51%) per annum.


     As at 31 December 2024, the Group has cash and bank balances denominated in RMB amounted to
     approximately RMB172,650,000 (2023: RMB252,795,000), of which the remittance of cash out of the PRC is
     subject to the exchange control restrictions imposed by the PRC government.


22. TRADE PAYABLES
     The credit period is generally 30 days.


     Based on invoice dates, ageing analysis of the Group’s trade payables is as follows:


                                                                                               2024           2023
                                                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000


     0 to 30 days                                                                             2,833           2,966
     31 to 90 days                                                                              428             494
     91 to 120 days                                                                              39              30
     121 to 365 days                                                                            122           1,669
     Over 1 year                                                                              1,990           1,482


                                                                                              5,412           6,641




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED              139
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       23. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                         2024         2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000


            Contract liabilities arising from:
            Provision of port services                                                                 24,741        40,640


            Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognised
            Contract liabilities mainly relate to the deposits received from customers for port services based on the billing
            schedules as established in the contracts. The deposits that the Group receives on port services remain as
            contract liabilities until such time as the port services are provided to the customers.


            Movement in contract liabilities

                                                                                                         2024         2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000


            Balance at 1 January                                                                       40,640        41,712
            Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue
              during the year that was included in the contract liabilities
              at the beginning of the year                                                             (40,640)     (41,712)
            Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billings in advance
              of port services being provided                                                          24,741        40,640


            Balance at 31 December                                                                     24,741        40,640




140 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




24. OTHER PAYABLES, ACCRUALS AND RECEIPT IN ADVANCE

                                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


     Other payables                                                                       23,236            33,546
     Accruals                                                                             32,571            28,232
     Receipt in advance                                                                   36,659            35,643


                                                                                          92,466            97,421


     Other payables mainly represented construction cost payables of investment properties, cost of fixed assets
     acquisition payable which are due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period. Receipt in
     advance mainly represented rental paid by tenants of the Group prior to their recognition as rental income.


25. LEASE LIABILITIES
     The amounts included in the consolidated statement of financial position in respect of the carrying amounts of
     lease liabilities and the movements during the year is as follows:


                                                                                                            Office
                                                                                                        properties
                                                                                                         RMB’000


     As at 1 January 2023                                                                                      497
     Lease modification                                                                                      1,591
     Interest expense                                                                                              14
     Lease payments                                                                                            (491)
     Foreign exchange movements                                                                                    (20)


     As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                               1,591
     Interest expense                                                                                              80
     Lease payments                                                                                            (584)
     Foreign exchange movements                                                                                    38


     As at 31 December 2024                                                                                  1,125




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 141
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       25. LEASE LIABILITIES (continued)
            Future lease payments are due as follows:


                                                                                      31 December 2024
                                                                      Minimum lease
                                                                          payments           Interest    Present value
                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


            Not later than one year                                            595               (49)             546
            Later than one year and not later than five years                  595               (16)             579


                                                                              1,190              (65)           1,125


                                                                                      31 December 2023
                                                                      Minimum lease
                                                                          payments           Interest    Present value
                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


            Not later than one year                                             578               (79)            499
            Later than one year and not later than five years                 1,156               (64)           1,092


                                                                              1,734             (143)            1,591


            The present value of future lease payments are analysed as:


                                                                                                2024             2023
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000


            Current liabilities                                                                  546              499
            Non-current liabilities                                                              579             1,092


                                                                                               1,125             1,591




142 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




26. OPERATING LEASING ARRANGEMENTS
     The Group as lessor
     At the reporting date, the minimum rent receivables under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:


                                                                                             2024            2023
                                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000


     Not later than one year                                                                1,008            1,830
     Later than one year and not later than two years                                         949            1,701
     Later than two years and not later than three years                                      803              949
     Later than three years and not later than four years                                     555              803
     Later than four years and not later than five years                                      496              555
     Later than five years                                                                  6,614            7,111


                                                                                           10,425           12,949


     The Group leased its investment properties to tenants under operating leases. The leases run for an initial
     period of 1 to 20 years, with options to renew the lease terms upon expiry when all terms are re-negotiated.
     Certain leases include contingent rentals which are refundable if certain annual transportation volume targets
     from the tenants are met. No contingent rent in respect of these leases was recognised in profit or loss during
     the reporting periods.


27. BANKING FACILITIES
     (a)   As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s banking facilities were secured by:


           (i)    the pledge of certain property, plant and equipment of the Group with net carrying amount of
                  approximately RMB127,383,000 (2023: RMB137,536,000) (note 14) as at 31 December 2024; and


           (ii)   the pledge of investment properties of the Group of approximately RMB14,100,000 (2023:
                  RMB15,200,000) (note 15) as at 31 December 2024.


     (b)   None of the Group’s aggregate available banking facilities amounted to approximately RMB115,812,000
           (2023: RMB115,812,000) has been utilised (2023: Nil) as at 31 December 2024.




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED             143
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       28. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE

                                                                                                                           2024                    2023
                                                                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000


            Share of net assets of the associate, unlisted                                                                 2,600                  2,600


                                                            Place of incorporation,                                                  Percentage of
              Name                                          operation and principal activity                                       owner’s interests


              Chizhou City Huida Port          Port operation in PRC                                                                      26% (Note)
                Transportation Company Limited                                                                                            (2023: 26%)
                (“Chizhou Huida”)
                (池州巿滙達港口運輸有限公司)

            Summarised financial information of the associate, adjusted for any difference in accounting policies, is as
            follows:


                                                                                                                         2024                   2023
                                                                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000


            As at 31 December

            Current asset                                                                                                10,000                 10,000
            Non-current assets                                                                                                –                      –
            Current liabilities                                                                                               –                      –

            Net assets                                                                                                   10,000                 10,000
            Group’s share of net assets of associates                                                                     2,600                  2,600

            Note: On 30 June 2023, the Group entered into an agreement with two investors which are PRC state-owned enterprises pursuant to which
                  the Group agreed to make a cash injection of RMB26,000,000 in total to Chizhou Huida, in return for 26% equity interest of Chizhou
                  Huida. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group is able to exercise significant influence over Chizhou Huida through its
                  representation in the board of directors and its participation in policy-making processes because it has the power to appoint one out of
                  five directors of Chizhou Huida under the articles of association of Chizhou Huida. As at 31 December 2024, the Group has not yet paid
                  up the subscribed registered capital of Chizhou Huida of RMB23,400,000.




144 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




29. DEFERRED GOVERNMENT GRANT

                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


     At beginning of the year                                                         31,644            32,534
     Amortisation                                                                        (890)            (890)


     At end of the year                                                               30,754            31,644


     Classified as:
     Non-current liabilities                                                          29,864            30,754
     Current liabilities                                                                 890               890


                                                                                      30,754            31,644


     The Group’s deferred government grants mainly related to the Group’s acquisition payments for investment
     properties and leasehold land recognised as right-of-use assets. The Group does not have any unfulfilled
     conditions and other contingencies attaching to government assistance in regard to the government grants at
     the reporting dates.


30. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                 Number of
                                                             ordinary shares         HK$’000         RMB’000


     Authorised:
     Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each as at 1 January 2023,
       31 December 2023 and 31 December 2024                   5,000,000,000           50,000           40,929


     Issued and fully paid:
     Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each as at 1 January 2023,
       31 December 2023 and 31 December 2024                     800,000,000            8,000            6,758




                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED            145
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       31. RESERVES
            (a) Share premium
                  The share premium represents the excess of the proceeds received over the nominal value of the
                  Company’s shares issued.

            (b) Special reserve
                  In accordance with the regulations of the State Administration of Work Safety, the PRC subsidiaries have
                  commitment to appropriate 1% of corresponding turnover to a special reserve which will be used for
                  enhancement of safety production environment and improvement of facilities.

            (c)   Statutory reserve
                  In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and Articles of Association of the PRC
                  subsidiaries, they are required to appropriate 10% of the annual net profits of the PRC subsidiaries after
                  offsetting any prior years’ losses as determined under the PRC accounting standards, to the statutory
                  reserve before distributing any net profit. Such appropriation is applicable to Chizhou Niutoushan, Yuan
                  Hang Port Development (Chizhou) Limited and Qianjiang Logistic, subsidiaries of the Company.


                  In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and Articles of Association of Chizhou
                  Port Holdings, as a Sino-foreign equity joint venture, it is required to appropriate 20% of its annual net
                  profit, determined by the board of directors, to the statutory reserve fund before distributing any net
                  profit.


                  When the balance of the statutory reserve reaches 50% of the registered capital of the PRC subsidiaries,
                  any further appropriation is at the discretion of shareholders. The statutory reserve can be used to offset
                  prior years’ losses, if any, and may be capitalised as capital, provided that the remaining balance of the
                  statutory reserve after such issue is no less than 25% of registered capital.


            (d) Other reserve
                  Other reserves represent the difference between the investment costs in subsidiaries and the nominal
                  value of the issued share capital, capital reserve (if any) of the Company’s subsidiaries and reserve
                  resulting from recognition of equity-settled share-based payments to the directors of the Company over
                  the vesting period in the prior year. Further details are set out in note 38.

            (e) Capital reserve
                  Capital reserve represents capital contribution from the controlling shareholder to the Group.


            (f)   Assets revaluation reserve
                  Assets revaluation reserve represents the revaluation surplus arising from transfer of payments for certain
                  leasehold land held for own use under operating leases to investment properties upon change in use.


            (g) Fair value reserve
                  The balance represents the cumulative net change in the fair value of equity investment designated at
                  FVOCI that are held at the end of the reporting period.




146 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




32. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
     At the reporting date, the Group had the following capital commitments:


                                                                                                             2024                  2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000


     Contracted, but not provided for
     — Construction in progress                                                                             4,008                 3,604


33. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     (a) Save as disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the Group had the following
           related party transactions during the year:


                                                                                                             2024                  2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000


           Lease payment paid to a related company (note)                                                      584                  491

           Note: Ocean Line Hong Kong, a subsidiary of the Company and a related company entered into a tenancy agreement pursuant to
                 which the related party as the landlord agreed to lease certain premises to Ocean Line Hong Kong as the tenant. The annual
                 rental under the tenancy agreement amounted to approximately HK$570,000 from 1 January 2021 and expiring on 31 December
                 2023. The tenancy agreement is renewed with annual rental amount of approximately HK$634,000 from 1 January 2024 and
                 expiring on 31 December 2026. Mr. Kwai and Ms. Cheung are the beneficial owners of the related company.



           The above transaction with a related company was negotiated and carried out in the ordinary course of
           business and at terms agreed between the Group and the related company.


     (b) Key management personnel compensation
           The directors of the Company consider that the key management personnel compensation comprises
           only the emoluments of the directors as disclosed in note 10.


34. DUE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
     The balance represents the dividend payable which is unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.




                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                              147
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       35. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
            Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:

                                                                                                  Non-cash changes
                                                      As at                      Interest                                                       At
                                                  1 January      Financing       expense           Lease       Dividend    Exchange    31 December
                                                      2024       cash flow    recognised     Modification      declared   Movements          2024
                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


            Year ended 31 December 2024
            Due to non-controlling interests             –               –              –              –         16,061           –         16,061
            Lease liabilities                        1,591           (584)             80              –              –          38          1,125


                                                                                                  Non-cash changes
                                                      As at                       Interest                                                      At
                                                  1 January      Financing       expense           Lease       Dividend    Exchange    31 December
                                                      2023       cash flow     recognised    Modification      declared   Movements           2023
                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


            Year ended 31 December 2023
            Due to a non-controlling interest            –         (16,045)             –              –         16,045           –              –
            Lease liabilities                          497            (491)            14           1,591             –         (20)         1,591

            Note: The total cash flow for leases are RMB590,000 (2023: RMB514,000).




148 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
     These risks are limited by the Group’s financial management policies and practices described below.


     (a) Interest rate risk
           As the Group has no significant interest-bearing assets and liabilities, the Group’s income and operating
           cash flows are substantially independent of changes in market interest rate.


     (b) Foreign currency risk
           Currency risk refers to the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will
           fluctuate because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Group has foreign currency exposures. Such
           exposures arise from the balance of assets and liabilities in currencies other than the functional currency
           of the Group’s entities. The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary
           assets and monetary liabilities at the reporting date that are considered significant by the directors of the
           Company are stated as follows:


                                                                                               2024              2023
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000


           Assets:
           HK dollar (“HK$”)                                                                 54,368            47,970


           Liabilities
           HK$                                                                               (2,140)            (2,696)


           Net exposure to foreign currency risk                                             52,228            45,274


           The Group’s policy requires the management monitors foreign exchange exposure by closely monitoring
           the movement of foreign currency rate and may enter into foreign currency options or forward contracts,
           when and where appropriate.


           The following table illustrates the sensitivity of the Group’s profit for the year and retained earnings at
           end of the year in regard to a 5% depreciation in the functional currency of the Group’s entities against
           the foreign currency. These rates are the rates used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key
           management personnel and represents management’s best assessment of the possible change in foreign
           exchange rates.


           The sensitivity analysis of the Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk at the end of the year has been
           determined based on the assumed percentage changes in foreign currency exchange rates taking place
           at the beginning of the year and held constant throughout the year.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                  149
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            (b) Foreign currency risk (continued)

                                                                                                    Increase on profit
                                                                                              for the year/retained earnings
                                                                                                       2024              2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


                  HK$                                                                                 2,611              2,264


                  The same percentage appreciation in the functional currencies of the Group’s entities against the
                  respective foreign currency would have the same magnitude on the Group’s profit or loss and equity but
                  of opposite effect.


            (c)   Credit risk
                  As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a
                  financial loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties is primarily
                  attributable to trade and other receivables, debt instruments at FVOCI and bank deposits. The Group has
                  a credit policy in place and exposures to these credit risks are monitored on an ongoing basis.


                  The Group applies simplified approach to measure ECL on trade receivables; and general approach to
                  measure ECL on other receivables, debt instruments at FVOCI and cash and cash equivalent. Under the
                  simplified approach, the Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime ECL. Under
                  the general approach, financial assets migrate through the following three stages based on the change in
                  credit risk since initial recognition: Stage 1: 12-month ECL, Stage 2: Lifetime ECL — not credit-impaired
                  and Stage 3: Lifetime ECL — credit-impaired.


                  Financial assets with credit risk exposure
                  (i)    Debt instruments at FVOCI
                         The Group has concentration of credit risk with bills receivables issued by bank. The credit risk on
                         the bills receivables is limited because the counterparties are mainly banks with high credit-rating or
                         with good reputation.


                  (ii)   Other receivables
                         The directors have made individual assessment on the recoverability of other receivables based on
                         historical settlement records, past experience, and also forward-looking information, as appropriate.
                         The Group has considered the consistently low historical default rate in connection with payments,
                         and concluded that credit risk inherent in the Group’s outstanding other receivables is insignificant.




150 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
     (c)   Credit risk (continued)
           Financial assets with credit risk exposure (continued)
           (iii)   Cash and cash equivalent
                   Cash is deposited with financial institutions with sound credit ratings and the Group has exposure
                   limit to any single financial institution. Given their high credit ratings, management does not expect
                   any of these financial institutions and counterparties will fail to meet their obligations.


           (iv)    Trade receivables
                   The Group has concentration of credit risk from various customers. In view of their good payment
                   record and long established relationships with the Group, management does not consider the
                   Group’s credit risk to be significant. At 31 December 2024, the Group’s largest trade receivables
                   balance and the five largest trade receivables accounted for 31% (2023: 22%) and 78% (2023: 73%) of
                   the total trade receivable, respectively.


           The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which
           is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate
           significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past due
           status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.


           The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade
           receivables:


                                                                            Expected     Gross carrying              Loss
                                                                             loss rate           amount          allowance
                                                                                    %          RMB’000           RMB’000


           As at 31 December 2024
           Neither past due nor impaired                                         0.1%              7,199                –
           1–30 days past due                                                    0.1%                667                –
           31–90 days past due                                                   0.5%                   –               –
           91–120 days past due                                                  1.5%                   –               –
           Over 120 days past due                                                6.4%                   1               1


                                                                                                   7,867                1




                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                151
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            (c)   Credit risk (continued)

                                                                              Expected     Gross carrying              Loss
                                                                               loss rate         amount          allowance
                                                                                      %         RMB’000           RMB’000


                  As at 31 December 2023
                  Neither past due nor impaired                                   0.2%              4,564                 –
                  1–30 days past due                                              0.4%                  –                 –
                  31–90 days past due                                             1.2%                  –                 –
                  91–120 days past due                                            3.7%                  –                 –
                  Over 120 days past due                                          6.6%                  –                 –


                                                                                                    4,564                 –


                  Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past 5 years. These rates are adjusted
                  to reflect differences between economic conditions during the year over which the historic data has been
                  collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the
                  receivables.


                  The Group’s management considers that trade receivables that were past due but not impaired under
                  review are of good credit quality. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the fair
                  value of trade receivables. The Group does not hold any collateral in respect of trade receivables past due
                  but not impaired.


                  Receivables that were neither past due nor impaired related to a wide range of customers for whom there
                  was no recent history of default.


                  Receivables that were past due but not impaired related to a number of independent customers that had
                  a good track record with the Group. The management consider that there is a significant increase in credit
                  risk for trade receivables after considering the financial background and condition of the counterparty
                  as at 31 December 2024 and approximately RMB1,000 impairment allowance was recognised. Based on
                  past experience, management believed that no impairment allowance was necessary in respect of these
                  balances as there had been no significant change in credit quality and the balances were still considered
                  fully recoverable as at 31 December 2023.




152 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
     (c)   Credit risk (continued)
           Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables during the year is as follows:


                                                                                               2024              2023
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000


           Balance at 1 January                                                                    –             1,006
           Written off                                                                             –            (1,006)
           Expected credit loss recognised                                                        1                  –


           Balance at 31 December                                                                 1                  –


           There are no significant changes in the gross carrying amount of trade receivables contributed to the
           increase in the loss allowance during the year.


     (d) Liquidity risk
           Liquidity risk relates to the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its obligations associated with
           its financial liabilities. The Group is exposed to liquidity risk in respect of settlement of trade and other
           payables and its financing obligations, and also in respect of its cash flow management. The Group’s
           objective is to maintain an appropriate level of liquid assets and committed lines of funding to meet its
           liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.


           The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that
           it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major banks and
           financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer terms. The Group also
           monitors the utilisation of borrowings and ensures compliance with loan covenants.


           The liquidity policies have been followed by the Group since prior years and are considered to have been
           effective in managing liquidity risks.




                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED               153
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            (d) Liquidity risk (continued)
                  The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the reporting dates, based on the contractual
                  undiscounted payments, are as follows:


                                                                           Total                  More than       More than
                                                                     contractual   On demand    one year but   two years but
                                                      Carrying   undiscounted        or within not exceeding not more than      More than
                                                       amount         cash flow      one year     two years       five years    five years
                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


                  At 31 December 2024
                  Trade payables                         5,412            5,412        5,412              –                –             –
                  Other payables and accruals           56,267           56,267       56,267              –                –             –
                  Amount due to non-controlling
                    interests                           16,061           16,061       16,061              –                –             –
                  Lease liabilities                      1,125            1,190          595            595                –             –


                                                        78,865           78,930       78,335            595                –             –


                                                                           Total                  More than       More than
                                                                     contractual   On demand    one year but   two years but
                                                      Carrying   undiscounted        or within not exceeding not more than      More than
                                                       amount          cash flow     one year      two years       five years    five years
                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


                  At 31 December 2023
                  Trade payables                         6,641            6,641         6,641             –                –             –
                  Other payables and accruals           61,051           61,051        61,051             –                –             –
                  Lease liabilities                      1,591            1,734          578            578              578             –


                                                        69,283           69,426        68,270           578              578             –


            (e) Fair value
                  Financial instruments measured at fair value and disclosed in Notes 16 and 19.


                  Financial instruments not measured at fair value include cash and cash equivalents, time deposits, trade
                  receivables, deposits and other receivables, trade payables, other payables and accruals, amount due to
                  non-controlling interests and lease liabilities.


                  The fair values of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities were not materially different from their
                  carrying amounts because of the immediate or short term maturity of these financial instruments.


154 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
     (f)   Summary of financial assets and financial liabilities by category
           The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the reporting dates are as
           follows:


           Financial assets


                                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


           At amortised costs
           — Trade receivables                                                            7,866             4,564
           — Deposits and other receivables                                               1,600             2,840
           — Time deposits                                                              153,960             2,293
           — Cash and cash equivalents                                                  225,918           299,267


                                                                                        389,344           308,964
           Debt instruments at FVOCI                                                     13,151             4,624
           Equity investment at FVOCI                                                    27,093            17,377


                                                                                        429,588           330,965


           Financial liabilities


                                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


           At amortised costs
           — Trade payables                                                               5,412             6,641
           — Other payables and accruals                                                 56,267            61,051
           — Amount due to non-controlling interests                                     16,061                 –


                                                                                         77,740            67,692




                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED               155
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       37. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
            The Group’s capital management objectives include:


            (i)     to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, so that it continues to provide returns for
                    owners and benefits for other stakeholders;


            (ii)    to support the Group’s stability and growth; and


            (iii)   to provide capital for the purpose of strengthening the Group’s risk management capability.


            The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes bank borrowings, net of cash and cash
            equivalents and equity attributable to the owners of the Company.


            The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a continuous basis. As part of this review, the
            directors of the Company consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based
            on recommendations of the directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through payment of
            dividends, issue of new shares as well as issue of new debts. The Group monitors capital on the basis of gross
            gearing ratio. Gearing ratio is calculated based on the total debts which include payable incurred not in the
            ordinary course of business, divided by total equity.


            The Group’s total debts and total equity and gross gearing ratio at 31 December 2024 and 2023 were as follows:


                                                                                                       2024              2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000


            Total debts                                                                                    –                 –
            Total equity                                                                            728,726           646,235


            Gross gearing ratio (%)                                                                     N/A               N/A




156 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
     The share option scheme of the Company (the “Share Option Scheme”) has been conditionally adopted
     by way of shareholder’s written resolution passed on 1 June 2018. The Share Option scheme has become
     unconditional on the 10 July 2018 (i.e. the listing date of the Company) and, unless otherwise cancelled or
     amended, will remain in force for 10 years from that date.


     Summary of the terms of the Share Option Scheme are set out below:


     (i)    Purpose of the Share Option Scheme
            The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to enable the Company to grant options to the eligible
            participants who, has contributed or may contribute to the Group as incentive or reward for their
            contribution to the Group to subscribe for the Company’s shares (“the Shares”) thereby linking their
            interest with that of the Group.


     (ii)   Eligibility of the Share Option Scheme
            The “Eligible participants” of the Share Option Scheme include any employee, adviser, consultant,
            service provider, agent, customer, partner or joint-venture partner of the Company or any subsidiary
            (including any director of the Company or any subsidiary) who is in full-time or part-time employment with
            or otherwise engaged by the Company or any subsidiary at the time when an option is granted to such
            employee, adviser, consultant, service provider, agent, customer, partner or joint-venture partner who,
            in the absolute discretion of the Company’s Board, has contributed or may contribute to the Group as
            incentive or reward for their contribution to the Group to subscribe for the Shares thereby linking their
            interest with that of the Group.


     (iii) Maximum number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted
            As at 31 December 2024 and 2023 and the date of approval of the consolidated financial statements, the
            maximum number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted under the Share Option Scheme
            of the Group must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in issue (i.e. 80,000,000
            Shares).




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                157
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (iv) Maximum entitlement of each participant
                  No Participants shall be granted an option if total number of the Shares issued and to be issued upon
                  exercise of the options granted and to be granted to each grantee (including both exercised, cancelled
                  and outstanding options) in any 12-month period up to and including the date of grant to such participant
                  would exceed in aggregate 1% of the Shares for the time being in issue unless the proposed grant has
                  been approved by the shareholder of the Company in general meeting with proposed grantee and its
                  associates (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) abstaining from voting.


            (v)   Period within which the Shares must be taken up under an option
                  An option may be exercised in accordance at any time during the period to be determined and identified
                  by the Company’s Board (“the Board”) to each grantee at the time of making an offer for the grant of an
                  option, but in any event no later than 10 years from the date of grant but subject to the early termination
                  of the Share Option Scheme.


            (vi) Minimum period, if any, for which an option must be held before it can be exercised
                  At the time of granting an option, the Company’s directors (“the Directors”) may, at their discretion,
                  specify the minimum period(s), if any, for which an option must be held before it can be exercised.


            (vii) Amount payable upon acceptance of the option and the period within which the
                  payment must be made
                  HK$1.00 shall be paid within 21 days from, and inclusive of the date of offer of the option.




158 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (continued)
     (viii) Basis of determining the exercise price of the option
           The exercise price for Shares under the Share Option Scheme shall be a price determined at the
           discretion of the Directors, but in any case will not be less than the highest of:


           (i)     the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date
                   of the offer, which must be a business date;


           (ii)    the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for
                   the five business days immediately preceding the date of the offer; or


           (iii)   the nominal value of a Share on the offer date of the particular option.


     (ix) Remaining life of the Share Option Scheme
           Subject to early termination of the Scheme pursuant to the terms thereof, the Share Option Scheme shall
           be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing from the date on which the Share Option
           Scheme becomes effective, i.e. 1 June 2018 and ending on 31 May 2028.


     On 23 December 2019, the controlling shareholders of the Company granted 1,334 shares of Vital Force to an
     executive director of the Company under the sales and purchase agreement as a reward for employee services
     to the Group without vesting conditions and without recharging arrangement. The estimated fair value of
     the share-based payments recognised on 23 December 2019 of RMB3,680,000 (equivalent to approximately
     HK$4,000,000) was expensed to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as directors’
     remuneration and was capitalised in other reserve.


     During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, there is no option outstanding, granted, exercised,
     cancelled and lapsed under the Share Option scheme.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                159
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       39. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
            Chizhou Port Holdings, a 72% owned subsidiary of the Company and Chizhou Niutoushan, a 77.7% owned
            subsidiary of the Company, have material non-controlling interests (“NCI”). Summarised financial information
            in relation to Chizhou Port Holdings and Chizhou Niutoushan, before intra-group eliminations, is presented
            below:


            (a) Chizhou Port Holdings

                                                                                                2024              2023
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


                  Revenue                                                                    142,978           134,213
                  Profit for the year                                                         74,953            65,536
                  Total comprehensive income                                                  74,669            64,575


                  Profit allocated to owner of the Company                                    53,966            47,186
                  Profit allocated to NCI of Chizhou Port Holdings                            14,614            13,469
                  Total comprehensive income allocated to NCI                                 14,534            13,200
                  Dividends declared to NCI (note)                                            (14,230)         (14,665)


                  Cash flows generated from operating activities                              60,416            66,655
                  Cash flows (used in)/generated from investing activities                    (21,741)           1,290
                  Cash flows used in financing activities                                           –          (52,376)


                  Net cash inflows                                                            38,675            15,569


                  Current assets                                                             225,683           176,871
                  Non-current assets                                                         461,825           453,678
                  Current liabilities                                                       (137,861)         (103,478)
                  Non-current liabilities                                                     (30,590)         (31,862)


                  Net assets                                                                 519,057           495,209
                  Proportion of the ownership interest and voting rights held by NCI             28%              28%


                  Accumulated non-controlling interests of Chizhou Port Holdings             116,582           116,278




160 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




39. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (continued)
     (a) Chizhou Port Holdings (continued)

           Note:

           On 12 March 2024, Chizhou Port Holdings declared dividend of approximately RMB50,821,000 (the “2024 Declared Dividend”) to
           its shareholders. The 2024 Declared Dividends were distributed in accordance with the respective individual equity interests of the
           shareholders, out of the 2024 Declared Dividend, the Group was entitled to dividend of approximately RMB36,591,000 in respect of
           its equity interest of 72% and of approximately RMB14,230,000 to the party with equity interests of 28% in Chizhou Port Holdings,
           respectively.

           On 5 May 2023, Chizhou Port Holdings declared dividend of approximately RMB52,376,000 (the “2023 Declared Dividend”) to its
           shareholders. The 2023 Declared Dividends were distributed in accordance with the respective individual equity interests of the
           shareholders, out of the 2023 Declared Dividend, the Group was entitled to dividend of approximately RMB37,711,000 in respect of
           its equity interest of 72% and of approximately RMB14,665,000 to the party with equity interests of 28% in Chizhou Port Holdings,
           respectively.



     (b) Chizhou Niutoushan

                                                                                                               2024                   2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000


           Revenue                                                                                           63,199                 53,236
           Profit for the year                                                                               37,874                 31,033
           Total comprehensive income                                                                        37,874                 31,033


           Profit and total comprehensive income allocated to
             NCI of Chizhou Niutoushan                                                                         8,435                 6,911
           Dividends declared to NCI (note)                                                                   (1,547)               (1,104)


           Cash flows generated from operating activities                                                    47,120                 50,787
           Cash flows used in investing activities                                                            (3,505)              (17,256)
           Cash flows used in financing activities                                                          (28,367)               (22,078)


           Net cash inflows/(outflows)                                                                       15,248                 11,453


           Current assets                                                                                    57,259                 44,839
           Non-current assets                                                                               118,842               121,530
           Current liabilities                                                                              (41,358)               (39,587)
           Non-current liabilities                                                                            (1,030)                     –


           Net assets                                                                                       133,713               126,782
           Proportion of the ownership interest and voting rights held by NCI                               22.27%                 22.27%


           Accumulated non-controlling interests of Chizhou Niutoushan                                       41,804                 34,917




                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                161
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       39. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (continued)
            (b) Chizhou Niutoushan (continued)

                  Note:

                  On 15 May 2024, Chizhou Niutoushan declared dividend of approximately RMB30,943,000 (the “2024 Declared Dividend”) to its
                  shareholders. The 2024 Declared Dividends were distributed in accordance with the respective individual equity interests of the
                  shareholders, out of the 2024 Declared Dividend, the Group was entitled to dividend of approximately RMB19,083,000 in respect of its
                  equity interest of 61.67%, approximately RMB10,313,000 to the party with equity interests of 33.33%, and of approximately RMB1,547,000
                  to the party with equity interests of 5% in Chizhou Niutoushan, respectively.

                  On 12 April 2023, Chizhou Niutoushan declared dividend of approximately RMB22,078,000 (the “2023 Declared Dividend”) to its
                  shareholders. The 2023 Declared Dividends were distributed in accordance with the respective individual equity interests of the
                  shareholders, out of the 2023 Declared Dividend, the Group was entitled to dividend of approximately RMB13,615,000 in respect of its
                  equity interest of 61.67%, approximately RMB7,359,000 to the party with equity interests of 33.33%, and of approximately RMB1,104,000
                  to the party with equity interests of 5% in Chizhou Niutoushan, respectively.



            (c)   Individual immaterial subsidiaries with non-controlling interest

                                                                                                                         2024                   2023
                                                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000


                  Dividends declared to NCI                                                                               (284)                  (276)


                  Accumulated non-controlling interests                                                               18,262                   8,381




162 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE
    COMPANY

                                                                               2024          2023
                                                               Note         RMB’000       RMB’000


     ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
     Non-current assets
       Property, plant and equipment                                               –             –
       Investment in subsidiaries                                            144,000       144,000


                                                                             144,000       144,000


     Current asset
       Prepayments and other receivables                                          30            31
       Due from subsidiaries                                                  56,853        55,003
       Cash and cash equivalents                                                  36           126


                                                                              56,919        55,160


     Current liabilities
       Accruals                                                                1,016         1,064
       Due to a subsidiary                                                    12,340         5,465


                                                                              13,356         6,529


     Net current assets                                                       43,563        48,631


     Net assets                                                              187,563       192,631


     EQUITY
      Share capital                                             30             6,758         6,758
      Reserve                                                                154,513       154,513
      Retained earnings                                                       26,292        31,360


     Total equity (note)                                                     187,563       192,631




                           Kwai Sze Hoi                               Huang Xueliang
                             Director                                    Director




                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED   163
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE
           COMPANY (continued)
            Note:

                                                                   Share                 Share              Capital                Other                Retained
                                                                  capital             premium               reserve              reserve                earnings                     Total
                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000                 RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                                              (Note 31(d)
                                                                                                                                 and 38)


            At 1 January 2023                                       6,758                50,277             144,369                  3,680                 34,501                  239,585

            Loss and total comprehensive
              income for the year                                       –                      –                     –                   –                  (3,141)                  (3,141)
            Dividend paid                                               –                (43,813)                    –                   –                       –                  (43,813)


            At 31 December 2023 and
              1 January 2024                                       6,758                  6,464            144,369                   3,680                31,360                   192,631

            Loss and total comprehensive income
              for the year                                              –                       –                    –                   –                 (5,068)                   (5,068)


            At 31 December 2024                                    6,758                  6,464            144,369                   3,680                26,292                   187,563



       41. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES

                                              Place and                Particulars of issued and                         Effective percentage
                                              date of                     fully paid up share                                of equity held                           Principal
              Company name                    incorporation            capital/registered capital                          by the Company                             activities
                                                                             As at              As at             As at                           As at
                                                                      31 December        31 December         31 December                     31 December
                                                                             2024               2023              2024                            2023
                                                                                                           Directly     Indirectly         Directly      Indirectly


              Ocean Line Chizhou              BVI                            US$2                   US$2   100.00%              –         100.00%                – Investment holding
                                              9 October 2007

              Noble Century Ventures          BVI                           US$10               US$10      100.00%              –         100.00%                – Investment holding
               Limited                        26 April 2017

              Chizhou Port Holdings           The PRC              RMB342,177,063 RMB342,177,063                 –         72.00%                –          72.00% Port operation
                (notes 1 and 4)               18 December 2007

              Yuan Hang Port Development      The PRC                 RMB100,000          RMB100,000             –        100.00%                –         100.00% Investment holding
                (Chizhou) Limited (note 2)    28 November 2017

              Chizhou Logistic (note 3 and 4) The PRC                 RMB500,000          RMB500,000             –         72.00%                –          72.00% Logistic services
                                              27 April 2021




164 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




41. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
                                         Place and            Particulars of issued and                         Effective percentage
                                         date of                 fully paid up share                                of equity held                           Principal
          Company name                   incorporation        capital/registered capital                          by the Company                             activities
                                                                   As at               As at             As at                           As at
                                                            31 December         31 December         31 December                     31 December
                                                                   2024                2023              2024                            2023
                                                                                                  Directly     Indirectly         Directly      Indirectly


          Chizhou Niutoushan             The PRC           RMB80,000,000      RMB80,000,000             –         77.73%                –          77.73% Port operation
            (notes 3 and 4)              11 April 2012

          Chizhou Meilong                The PRC           RMB20,000,000      RMB20,000,000             –         51.84%                –          51.84% Inactive
            (notes 3, 4 and 5)           3 December 2020

          Ocean Line Hong Kong           Hong Kong                 HK$1                    HK$1         –        100.00%                –         100.00% Investment holding
                                         30 October 2017

          Qianjiang Logistic             The PRC            RMB1,000,000       RMB1,000,000             –         77.73%                –          77.73% Logistic services
            (note 3 and 4)               12 April 2022

          Chizhou Haishun Port Services The PRC            RMB25,000,000                      –         –         43.20%                –               – Port operation
            Limited                     15 April 2024
            (“Chizhou Haishun”)
            (note 3, 4 and 6)
     Notes:

     1.          a Sino-foreign equity joint venture operating in the PRC.

     2.          a wholly foreign owned enterprise operating in the PRC.

     3.          a limited liability company operating in the PRC.

     4.          The business operations of the Group for the provision of port services in the PRC are carried out by Chizhou Port Holdings and its
                 subsidiaries. Chizhou Port Holdings is a Sino-foreign equity joint venture in which the PRC government own and hold, indirectly, 28% of
                 its equity interests and hence have significant influence over Chizhou Port Holdings. Chizhou Port Holdings and its subsidiaries operate
                 in the PRC, an economic environment currently predominated by entities directly or indirectly controlled by the PRC government
                 through its government authorities, agencies, affiliations and other organisations (collectively referred to as “state-controlled entities”).
                 Chizhou Port Holdings and its subsidiaries have entered into transactions with other PRC state-controlled entities during their ordinary
                 course of businesses including but not limited to the purchases of inventories, construction works, rendering and receiving services and
                 use of public utilities, among others.

     5.          During the year ended 31 December 2020, Chizhou Port Holdings,non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an
                 agreement with two investors which are PRC state-controlled entities pursuant to which Chizhou Port Holdings agreed to make a cash
                 injection of RMB36,000,000 in total by installment into the capital of the Chizhou Meilong, the Company’s subsidiary, in return for 72%
                 equity interest of Chizhou Meilong. In addition, the other investors agreed to make cash injections proportionate to their holdings. The
                 fund injected by Chizhou Port Holdings and two investors will be utilised for the construction of a new port terminal. During the year
                 ended 31 December 2021, the shareholders of Chizhou Meilong entered into a supplemental agreement, pursuant to which the parties
                 thereto agreed that the timing of the remaining 60% of their total capital contribution to Chizhou Meilong will be determined by the
                 shareholders of Chizhou Meilong based on the project progress of Chizhou Meilong. As at 31 December 2021, Chizhou Port Holdings
                 has injected RMB14,400,000. As at 31 December 2023 and 2024, the outstanding commitment by the Group is RMB21,600,000.

     6.          Management has concluded that the Group controls Chizhou Haishun, because Chizhou Port Holdings is the largest shareholder with
                 a 60% equity interest, while the remaining shares are held 30% and 10% by two investors. The articles and association mentioned that
                 resolutions relating to decision on directing the relevant activities are required to pass on the board of shareholders. In the opinion of
                 the directors of the Company, the Group is able to exercise control over Chizhou Haishun through its 60% of the voting rights on the
                 board of shareholders.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                                165
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2024




       42. EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
            (a)   On 29 December 2023, the Group entered into an agreement (“Agreement”) with two joint venture
                  partners (“JV Partner l and JV Partner ll”), pursuant to which the parties agreed to establish a joint
                  venture company, with official name determined to be Chizhou Haishun Port Services Limited and a
                  registered capital of RMB100,000,000. On 15 April 2024, Chizhou Haishun was established and owned as
                  to 60% by Chizhou Port Holdings, 30% by the JV Partner l and 10% by JV Partner ll, respectively. Further
                  details are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 29 December 2023 and the circular of the
                  Company dated 25 January 2024. According to the Agreement, Chizhou Haishun would acquire the land
                  use right of a piece of land (“Project Land”) located at Chizhou Economic Development Zone, East of
                  Tongguan Port Project, North of Yanjiang Avenue in Chizhou City, Anhui Province, the PRC with an area
                  of approximately 74,798 square metres held by Chizhou Port Holdings for its future project and operation
                  (the “Transfer”) within two months after the establishment of Chizhou Haishun. The carrying value of the
                  land use right of the Project Land is approximately RMB10,523,000 as at 31 December 2024.


                  Due to more time was required for the asset valuation, negotiations between Chizhou Haishun and
                  Chizhou Port Holdings relating to the commercial terms of the Transfer and relevant administrative
                  processes, parties to the joint venture agreement have agreed to extend the deadline for completing the
                  Transfer on or before 30 April 2025.


                  On 28 March 2025, Chizhou Port Holdings entered into a land use right transfer agreement with Chizhou
                  Haishun, pursuant to which Chizhou Port Holdings agreed to transfer the land use right of the Project
                  Land to Chizhou Haishun at the consideration of approximately RMB17,952,000.


            (b)   On 10 January 2025, Chizhou Haishun entered into an agreement (“Construction Contract”) with
                  an independent contractor, pursuant to which the contractor would undertake various construction
                  works including but not limited to the construction of hydraulic structures, onshore infrastructure and
                  supporting ancillary works for Phase IV of Jiangkou Terminal located in Jiangkou Port Area, Economic
                  and Technological Development Zone, Chizhou City, Anhui Province, the PRC at the consideration of
                  RMB146,485,000. For details of the Construction Contract, please refer to the announcement of the
                  Company dated 10 January 2025 and the circular of the Company dated 25 February 2025.


            (c)   On 12 March 2025, the Company announced that shareholders’ meeting of Chizhou Tie Hang was held
                  during which resolutions were passed at the shareholders’ meeting to approve, among others, the 2025
                  budget, the 2025 investment plan and the increase in capital commitment. As a result of the increase
                  in capital commitment, Chizhou Port Holdings, being a shareholder of Chizhou Tie Hang, is required to
                  make additional capital contribution in the amount of approximately RMB66,765,000 to Chizhou Tie Hang.
                  Further details are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 12 March 2025.




166 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
FINANCIAL SUMMARY



The following table summarises the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the years ended 31 December
2020, 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024:


                                                             For the year ended 31 December
                                                   2020         2021          2022         2023          2024
                                               RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


RESULTS
REVENUE                                         150,502       165,837      187,377       173,583      177,042
PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                75,250        94,249      107,687        98,109      103,561
INCOME TAX EXPENSE                               (11,066)     (14,749)      (20,234)     (17,026)     (14,725)
PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO
  OWNERS OF THE COMPANY                          44,579        57,206       64,092        59,140       65,623


                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                   2020         2021          2022         2023          2024
                                               RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
TOTAL ASSETS                                    650,180       748,461      813,156       832,302      908,634
TOTAL LIABILITIES                               (172,650)    (192,384)     (187,185)    (186,067)    (179,908)
NET ASSETS                                      477,530       556,077      625,971       646,235      728,726
EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO
  OWNERS OF THE COMPANY                         351,926       409,178      472,024       486,659      552,078




                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED            167
       MAJOR PROPERTIES



       The following table summarizes major investment properties of the Group as at 31 December 2024:


        Properties                 Location                                          Usage               Lease Term


       The Parcel of Land          Lingang Park Area of Chizhou Economic             Port terminal       Long-term lease
         at Jiangkou Terminal        Development Zone, Chizhou City,
         Logistics Park Phase 2      Anhui Province (安徽省池州巿池州巿經濟技術
                                     開發區臨港園區)


       Warehouse No. 1             Zone A, Northeast of Intersection of Muzhi        Warehousing         Long-term lease
         at Jiangkou Terminal        Road and Yanjiang Road, Chizhou Economic
         Logistics Park Phase 2      Development Zone, Chizhou City,
                                     Anhui Province (安徽省池州巿池州經濟技術開
                                     發區牧之路與沿江路交口東北角A區)


       Warehouse No. 2             Zone A, Northeast of Intersection of Muzhi        Warehousing         Long-term lease
         at Jiangkou Terminal        Road and Yanjiang Road, Chizhou Economic
         Logistics Park Phase 2      Development Zone, Chizhou City,
                                     Anhui Province (安徽省池州巿池州經濟技術開
                                     發區牧之路與沿江路交口東北角A區)


       Niutoushan Warehouse        West of Linjiang Road, Qianjiang Park,            Warehousing         Long-term lease
         No. 1                       Chizhou High and New Technology Industrial
                                     Development Zone, Chizhou City,
                                     Anhui Province (安徽省池州巿池州高新技術產
                                     業開發區前江園區，臨江路以西)




168 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2024
