ANNUAL REPORT 2024
    Stock Code: 0113
        CONTENTS



                                                                            Page


Corporate Information                                                          3


Chairman’s Statement                                                          4-7


Notice of Annual General Meeting                                             8-12


Report of the Directors                                                    13-33


Corporate Governance Report                                                34-51


Independent Auditor’s Report                                               52-56

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss                                      57


Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income       58


Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                                  59


Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                   60


Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                                           61-62


Notes on the Financial Statements                                         63-121


Principal Subsidiary Companies                                            118-121


Five Year Group Financial Summary                                            122




                                                          •2•
                                                           CO RP O R AT E I N F O R M AT I O N



Board of Directors :                        Head Office and Principal
                                             Place of Business :
Group Executive Chairman :
  Dickson Poon                              4th Floor, East Ocean Centre,
                                            98 Granville Road,
Executive Directors :                       Tsimshatsui East,
  Poon Dickson Pearson Guanda               Kowloon, Hong Kong.
		 (Chief Operating Officer)
  Chan Hon Chung, Johnny Pollux             Registered Office :
  Lau Yu Hee, Gary
                                            Clarendon House,
Independent Non-Executive Directors :       2 Church Street,
  Bhanusak Asvaintra                        Hamilton HM 11,
  Nicholas Peter Etches                     Bermuda.
  Fung Yue Ming, Eugene Michael
  Lam Sze Wan Patricia                      Principal Bankers :
Company Secretary :                         BNP Paribas
                                            Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Or Suk Ying, Stella                         Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
                                            The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
Audit Committee :
                                            Branch Share Registrar in Hong Kong :
Nicholas Peter Etches (Chairman)
Bhanusak Asvaintra                          Tricor Tengis Limited
Fung Yue Ming, Eugene Michael               17/F, Far East Finance Centre,
                                            16 Harcourt Road,
Nomination Committee :                      Hong Kong.

Dickson Poon (Chairman)                     Share Registrar in Bermuda :
Bhanusak Asvaintra
Nicholas Peter Etches                       Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
Lam Sze Wan Patricia                        Clarendon House,
                                            2 Church Street,
Remuneration Committee :                    Hamilton HM 11,
                                            Bermuda.
Bhanusak Asvaintra (Chairman)
Chan Hon Chung, Johnny Pollux               Place of Share Listing :
Nicholas Peter Etches
                                            The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Investment Committee :
                                            Stock Code :
Dickson Poon (Chairman)
Poon Dickson Pearson Guanda                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited : 0113
Chan Hon Chung, Johnny Pollux
                                            Website :
Independent Auditor :
                                            http://www.dickson.com.hk
KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
Public Interest Entity Auditor
  registered in accordance with the
  Financial Reporting Council Ordinance



                                          •3•
C H A I R M A N ’ S S TAT E M E N T



                                            For the financial year ended 31st March, 2024, the
                                            Group achieved a turnover of HK$2,400.1 million,
                                            an increase of 12.6 per cent..

                                            Net profit attributable to equity shareholders was
                                            HK$350.8 million (2023 : HK$252.6 million), an
                                            increase of 38.9 per cent..

                                            The increase in profit is the result of an increase in
                                            the Group’s sales turnover and strict control of costs
                                            at all levels of the Group’s operation, alongside an
                                            increase in profit contribution from the investment
                                            portfolio.

                                            Financial Results and Final Dividend

                                            Turnover for the financial year ended 31st March,
                                            2024 was HK$2,400.1 million, an increase of 12.6 per
                                            cent. compared to HK$2,130.8 million in the previous
                                            year.

                                            Profit attributable to shareholders was
                                            HK$350.8 million, an increase of 38.9 per cent.
                                            compared to HK$252.6 million in the previous
                                            year.

                                            In view of these results, the Board is recommending
                                            the payment of a final dividend of HK35 cents per
                                            ordinary share, which together with the interim
                                            dividend of HK10 cents per ordinary share paid,
                                            represents a total of HK45 cents per ordinary share
                                            compared to HK35 cents in the previous year.
                                            Based on the closing price of HK$4.92 per share
                                            on 28th March, 2024 (the last share trading day
                                            of the financial year), the total proposed dividend
                                            represents a dividend yield of 9.15 per cent..




                                      •4•
                                                                                 C H A I R M A N ’ S S TAT E M E N T



Review of Operations

During the year under review, consumer sentiment
in Hong Kong was weak as a result of poor market
conditions and high interest rates. Meanwhile,
with the re-opening of the borders, Hong Kong
consumers have been travelling and spending
abroad aggressively. With the rapid development
of the major luxury brands’ presence in China and
the narrowing of price differences between China
and Hong Kong, Chinese tourists are staying in                Harvey Nichols store at Pacific Place, Hong Kong.
Hong Kong for shorter periods and are no longer               位於香港太古廣場的「 Harvey Nichols」店。
focused on shopping at they used to be before the
pandemic. As such, the Group made the strategic
decision to close its Harvey Nichols store at the
Landmark and Beauty Bazaar store at The ONE.
We believe this strategic development will enable
us to consolidate and further build up the customer
base at Pacific Place while significantly reducing
our cost base. Nevertheless, the Group succeeded
in increasing the Group’s sales turnover by 11.4 per
cent. in the financial year ended 31st March, 2024.

In Taiwan, despite weak consumer sentiment there,
the Group managed to achieve a 10.5 per cent.
growth in sales turnover in local currency terms.
The Group will continue to exercise aggressive
control of operating cost and inventory.

In China, sales of the Group’s retail and e-commerce
business grew by 34.7 per cent. in local currency
terms following the Group’s strategy to consolidate
its wholesale network while growing the Group’s
retail network.                                               S.T. Dupont “Koi Fish” collection.
                                                             「都彭」「Koi Fish」系列。

The Group adopted the most conservative approach
in managing its retail network. Today, the Group’s
retail network totals 61 stores, comprising 5 stores
in Hong Kong, 28 in China and 28 in Taiwan.




                                                       •5•
C H A I R M A N ’ S S TAT E M E N T



                                                                     Geographically, Hong Kong contributed 70.2 per
                                                                     cent. of sales, Taiwan 24.5 per cent. and other
                                                                     territories 5.3 per cent..

                                                                     In terms of sales mix, watches and jewellery
                                                                     represented 39.8 per cent., cosmetics and beauty
                                                                     products 30.3 per cent., fashion and accessories
                                                                     25.1 per cent. and securities trading 4.8 per cent..

                                                                     The investment market remained volatile as the
                                                                     timing and extent of U.S. interest rate reductions
                                                                     remain unclear. The Group managed its investment
       Beauty Avenue flagship store at Bank Centre, Mongkok.
                                                                     portfolio cautiously and achieved a profit of
          位於旺角銀行中心的「 Beauty Avenue」旗艦店。                              HK$53.0 million. None of the carrying value of any
                                                                     individual investment held by the Group accounted
                                                                     for 5 per cent. or more of the Group’s total assets as
                                                                     at 31st March, 2024.

                                                                     Board of Directors and Employees

                                                                     I would like to take this opportunity to thank my
                                                                     fellow Directors and all the Group’s employees for
                                                                     their commitment and contribution during the year.
                                                                     Without their hard work and dedication, we would
                                                                     not have achieved our solid results this year.

                                                                     Future Prospects

                                                                     The Group expects the retail market in Hong Kong
                                                                     to be extremely difficult in the current financial year.
                                                                     Local consumers have been travelling and spending
                                                                     abroad aggressively as markets such as Japan and
                                                                     Europe offer retail prices on luxury goods which are
                                          Handbag by Tod’s.
                                           「 Tod’s」手袋。               significantly cheaper due to their weak currencies
                                                                     and tax rebates to tourists. Furthermore, Shenzhen
                                                                     has become an extremely popular destination for
                                                                     Hong Kong consumers given food, services and
                                                                     general merchandises are available at the same or
                                                                     higher quality and at a much lower price. In terms
                                                                     of tourist spending, Chinese tourists have shortened
                                                                     their trips in Hong Kong and are no longer focused
                                                                     on shopping at they used to be before the pandemic.




                                                               •6•
                                                                                  C H A I R M A N ’ S S TAT E M E N T



The Taiwan market will remain challenging as local
consumers there have also been travelling in Japan
where retail prices of luxury goods are significantly
cheaper due to its weak currency and tax rebates to
tourists.

In China, given soft consumer sentiment and
spending, the Group has a cautious near-term
outlook. However, the Group remains positive on
the long-term outlook of China and will seek to
continue growing its presence in this market.

The Group will continue to employ the most
conservative approach to manage its retail network
and cautiously manage its investment portfolio,
as well as rigorously control costs at all levels of
operation.                                                     Chopard watch.
                                                              「 蕭邦」腕錶。
With net cash of HK$2,670.5 million and its strong
balance sheet, the Group is in a strong position
to cope with the risk of a difficult retail climate,
potential economic downturn, and to undertake new
investment opportunities to diversify and broaden
its earnings base.




                            Dickson Poon
                       Group Executive Chairman


Hong Kong, 13th June, 2024


                                                               Handbag, shoes and accessories by Roger Vivier.
                                                              「 Roger Vivier」手袋、鞋履及配飾。




                                                        •7•
       NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENER AL MEETING



NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual General Meeting of the shareholders of the Company will be held at The Palace
Rooms (Daisy Room - Freesia Room), B1/F, The Royal Garden, 69 Mody Road, Tsimshatsui East, Kowloon, Hong Kong on
Thursday, 8th August, 2024 at 11:30 a.m. for the following purposes :-

1.   To receive and consider the Reports of the Directors and the Independent Auditor and the Financial Statements for the year
     ended 31st March, 2024.

2.   To approve the payment of the final dividend recommended by the Directors in respect of the year ended 31st March, 2024.

3.   To re-elect Directors and to fix the Directors’ fees.

4.   To re-appoint the Independent Auditor for the ensuing year and to authorise the Directors to fix their remuneration.

5.   As special business, to consider and, if thought fit, pass with or without modifications the following resolution as an
     Ordinary Resolution :-

     “THAT :-

     (A) subject to paragraph 5(C) below, the exercise by the Directors of the Company during the Relevant Period (as defined
         below) of all the powers of the Company to allot, issue and deal with additional shares (including any sale or transfer
         of treasury shares) in the share capital of the Company and to make or grant offers, agreements and options which
         might require the exercise of such powers be and is hereby generally and unconditionally approved;

     (B) the approval in paragraph 5(A) shall authorise the Directors of the Company during the Relevant Period to make or
         grant offers, agreements and options which might require the exercise of such powers after the end of the Relevant
         Period;

     (C) the aggregate nominal amount of share capital allotted or agreed conditionally or unconditionally to be allotted
         (whether pursuant to an option or otherwise) by the Directors of the Company pursuant to the approval in paragraph 5(A),
         otherwise than pursuant to (i) a Rights Issue (as defined below); (ii) any scrip dividend scheme or similar arrangement
         pursuant to the Amended and Restated Bye-laws of the Company (the “Bye-laws”) from time to time; or (iii) any
         share option scheme or similar arrangement for the time being adopted for the grant or issue to employees of the
         Company and / or any of its subsidiary companies of shares or rights to acquire shares of the Company, shall not
         exceed 20 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the share capital of the Company in issue (excluding treasury
         shares, if any) at the date of the passing of this Resolution and the said approval shall be limited accordingly; and

     (D) for the purpose of this Resolution :-

          “Relevant Period” means the period from the passing of this Resolution until whichever is the earlier of :-

          (i)     the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the shareholders of the Company;

          (ii)    the expiration of the period within which the next Annual General Meeting of the shareholders of the Company
                  is required by the Bye-laws of the Company or any applicable laws to be held; and

          (iii)   the revocation or variation of the authority given under this Resolution by an ordinary resolution of the
                  shareholders of the Company in General Meeting.




                                                              •8•
                                                                  NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENER AL MEETING



          “Rights Issue” means an offer of shares open for a period fixed by the Directors of the Company to holders of shares,
          or any class thereof on the Register of Members on a fixed record date in proportion to their then holdings of such
          shares (subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the Directors of the Company may deem necessary or
          expedient in relation to fractional entitlements or having regard to any restrictions or obligations under the laws of, or
          the requirements of any recognised regulatory body or any stock exchange in, any territory outside Hong Kong).”

6.   As special business, to consider and, if thought fit, pass with or without modifications the following resolution as an
     Ordinary Resolution :-

     “THAT :-

     (A) subject to paragraph 6(C) below, the exercise by the Directors of the Company during the Relevant Period (as defined
         below) of all the powers of the Company to repurchase issued shares in the share capital of the Company subject to
         and in accordance with all applicable laws be and is hereby generally and unconditionally approved;

     (B) the approval in paragraph 6(A) shall be in addition to any other authorisation given to the Directors of the Company;

     (C) the aggregate nominal amount of share capital purchased or agreed conditionally or unconditionally to be purchased
         by the Company pursuant to the approval in paragraph 6(A) during the Relevant Period shall not exceed 10 per cent.
         of the aggregate nominal amount of the share capital of the Company in issue (excluding treasury shares, if any) at
         the date of the passing of this Resolution and the said approval shall be limited accordingly; and

     (D) for the purpose of this Resolution :-

          “Relevant Period” means the period from the passing of this Resolution until whichever is the earlier of :-

          (i)     the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the shareholders of the Company;

          (ii)    the expiration of the period within which the next Annual General Meeting of the shareholders of the Company
                  is required by the Bye-laws of the Company or any applicable laws to be held; and

          (iii)   the revocation or variation of the authority given under this Resolution by an ordinary resolution of the
                  shareholders of the Company in General Meeting.”




                                                               •9•
        NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENER AL MEETING



7.   As special business, to consider and, if thought fit, pass with or without modifications the following resolution as an
     Ordinary Resolution :-

     “THAT conditional upon the passing of the Ordinary Resolutions as set out in paragraphs 5 and 6, the general mandate
     granted to the Directors of the Company pursuant to paragraph 5(A) be and is hereby extended by the addition thereto of
     an amount representing the aggregate nominal amount of the share capital of the Company repurchased by the Company
     under the authority granted in paragraph 6, provided that such amount shall not exceed 10 per cent. of the aggregate
     nominal amount of the share capital of the Company in issue (excluding treasury shares, if any) at the date of the passing
     of this Resolution.”



                                                                                              By Order of the Board




                                                                                               Or Suk Ying, Stella
                                                                                               Company Secretary


Hong Kong, 12th July, 2024



Registered Office :                                                      Head Office and Principal Place of Business :
Clarendon House,                                                         4th Floor, East Ocean Centre,
2 Church Street,                                                         98 Granville Road,
Hamilton HM 11,                                                          Tsimshatsui East,
Bermuda.                                                                 Kowloon,
                                                                         Hong Kong.




                                                            • 10 •
                                                                  NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENER AL MEETING



Notes :-

1.   A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the above Meeting (or at any adjournment thereof) is entitled to appoint another
     person as his / her proxy to attend and, on a poll, vote instead of him / her. A shareholder who is the holder of two or more
     ordinary shares may appoint more than one proxy to represent him / her and vote on his / her behalf at the above Meeting.
     A proxy need not also be a shareholder of the Company.

2.   Where there are joint registered holders of any ordinary share, any one of such joint holder may vote, either in person or
     by proxy, at the above Meeting, in respect of such ordinary share as if he / she were solely entitled thereto, but if more
     than one of such joint holders be present at the above Meeting the vote of the senior who tenders a vote, whether in person
     or by proxy, shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and for this purpose seniority shall
     be determined by the order in which the names stand in the Register of Members of the Company in respect of the joint
     holding.

3.   In order to be valid, the completed proxy form, together with the power of attorney or other authority, if any, under which
     it is signed or a notarially certified copy thereof must be lodged with the Company’s Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar,
     Tricor Tengis Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong as soon as possible and in any event
     not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for holding the above Meeting or any adjournment thereof.

4.   For the purpose of ascertaining shareholders’ right to attend and vote at the above Meeting, the Register of Members of
     the Company will be closed from Monday, 5th August, 2024 to Thursday, 8th August, 2024, both days inclusive, during
     which period no transfer of shares will be effected. In order for a shareholder to be eligible to attend and vote at the above
     Meeting, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s Hong Kong
     Branch Share Registrar, Tricor Tengis Limited, at the address as mentioned in Note 3 above not later than 4:30 p.m. on
     Friday, 2nd August, 2024.

5.   For the purpose of ascertaining shareholders’ entitlement to the proposed final dividend, the Register of Members of the
     Company will be closed from Thursday, 15th August, 2024 to Friday, 16th August, 2024, both days inclusive, during which
     period no transfer of shares will be effected. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend (subject to shareholders’
     approval at the above Meeting), all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the
     Company’s Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar, Tricor Tengis Limited, at the address as mentioned in Note 3 above not
     later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 14th August, 2024.

6.   With regard to item 3 of this Notice, details of the three retiring Directors who have offered themselves for re-election at
     the above Meeting are contained in Appendix I to the circular of the Company dated 12th July, 2024. Separate resolutions
     will be proposed for the aforesaid re-election.

7.   With regard to item 5 of this Notice, the Directors wish to state that, currently, they have no plans to issue any additional
     new ordinary shares of the Company. The present general mandate given by shareholders pursuant to the provisions of the
     Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) will expire
     at the above Meeting and, accordingly, a renewal of that general mandate is now being sought.

8.   With regard to items 6 and 7 of this Notice, the present general mandate given by shareholders pursuant to the provisions
     of the Listing Rules and the Code on Share Buy-backs (the “Share Buy-backs Code”) will expire at the above Meeting
     and, accordingly, a renewal of that general mandate is now being sought. In accordance with the Listing Rules and the
     Share Buy-backs Code, the terms and conditions upon which such power will be exercised are contained in the circular as
     mentioned in Note 6 above.




                                                              • 11 •
        NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENER AL MEETING



9.    Completion and return of the proxy form will not preclude a shareholder from attending and voting in person at the above
      Meeting (or at any adjournment thereof) if he / she so wishes. In that event, the shareholder’s proxy form will be deemed
      to have been revoked.

10.   Pursuant to Rule 13.39(4) of the Listing Rules, all resolutions to be proposed at the above Meeting will be decided by way
      of a poll.

11.   In the event of a Typhoon Signal No. 8 or above is hoisted, or a Black Rainstorm Warning Signal or “extreme conditions”
      announced by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“HKSAR Government”) is / are in force
      in Hong Kong at any time after 9:00 a.m. on the date of the above Meeting, then the above Meeting will be postponed. The
      Company will post an announcement on the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited at www.hkexnews.hk
      and the website of the Company at www.dickson.com.hk to notify shareholders of the date, time and place of the rescheduled
      meeting.

      The above Meeting will be held as scheduled when an Amber or a Red Rainstorm Warning Signal is in force. Shareholders
      should decide on their own whether they would attend the above Meeting under bad weather conditions bearing in mind
      their own situation.

12.   In case of any conflict between any translation and the English text hereof, the English text will prevail.

13.   As at the date of this Notice, the Board of Directors of the Company comprises :-

      Executive Directors :                                                 Independent Non-Executive Directors :
      Dickson Poon (Group Executive Chairman)                               Bhanusak Asvaintra
      Poon Dickson Pearson Guanda (Chief Operating Officer)                 Nicholas Peter Etches
      Chan Hon Chung, Johnny Pollux                                         Fung Yue Ming, Eugene Michael
      Lau Yu Hee, Gary                                                      Lam Sze Wan Patricia




                                                               • 12 •
                                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



The board of directors (the “Board”) has pleasure in presenting the annual report together with the audited financial statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2024.


Group Activities
The Company’s activity is that of investment holding. The principal activities of the Group are the sale of luxury goods and
securities investment.


The analysis of the principal activities and geographical locations of the operations of the Group during the financial year are set
out in Note 2 on the financial statements.


Business Review
For the financial year ended 31st March, 2024, the Group achieved a turnover of HK$2,400.1 million, an increase of 12.6 per cent..


Net profit attributable to equity shareholders was HK$350.8 million (2023 : HK$252.6 million), an increase of 38.9 per cent..


The increase in profit is the result of an increase in the Group’s sales turnover and strict control of costs at all levels of the Group’s
operation, alongside an increase in profit contribution from the investment portfolio.


Review of Operations
During the year under review, consumer sentiment in Hong Kong was weak as a result of poor market conditions and high
interest rates. Meanwhile, with the re-opening of the borders, Hong Kong consumers have been travelling and spending abroad
aggressively. With the rapid development of the major luxury brands’ presence in China and the narrowing of price differences
between China and Hong Kong, Chinese tourists are staying in Hong Kong for shorter periods and are no longer focused on
shopping at they used to be before the pandemic. As such, the Group made the strategic decision to close its Harvey Nichols store
at the Landmark and Beauty Bazaar store at The ONE. We believe this strategic development will enable us to consolidate and
further build up the customer base at Pacific Place while significantly reducing our cost base. Nevertheless, the Group succeeded
in increasing the Group’s sales turnover by 11.4 per cent. in the financial year ended 31st March, 2024.


In Taiwan, despite weak consumer sentiment there, the Group managed to achieve a 10.5 per cent. growth in sales turnover in
local currency terms. The Group will continue to exercise aggressive control of operating cost and inventory.


In China, sales of the Group’s retail and e-commerce business grew by 34.7 per cent. in local currency terms following the
Group’s strategy to consolidate its wholesale network while growing the Group’s retail network.


The Group adopted the most conservative approach in managing its retail network. Today, the Group’s retail network totals
61 stores, comprising 5 stores in Hong Kong, 28 in China and 28 in Taiwan.


Geographically, Hong Kong contributed 70.2 per cent. of sales, Taiwan 24.5 per cent. and other territories 5.3 per cent..




                                                                  • 13 •
        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



In terms of sales mix, watches and jewellery represented 39.8 per cent., cosmetics and beauty products 30.3 per cent., fashion
and accessories 25.1 per cent. and securities trading 4.8 per cent..


The investment market remained volatile as the timing and extent of U.S. interest rate reductions remain unclear. The Group
managed its investment portfolio cautiously and achieved a profit of HK$53.0 million. None of the carrying value of any
individual investment held by the Group accounted for 5 per cent. or more of the Group’s total assets as at 31st March, 2024.


Future Prospects
The Group expects the retail market in Hong Kong to be extremely difficult in the current financial year. Local consumers
have been travelling and spending abroad aggressively as markets such as Japan and Europe offer retail prices on luxury goods
which are significantly cheaper due to their weak currencies and tax rebates to tourists. Furthermore, Shenzhen has become an
extremely popular destination for Hong Kong consumers given food, services and general merchandises are available at the same
or higher quality and at a much lower price. In terms of tourist spending, Chinese tourists have shortened their trips in Hong
Kong and are no longer focused on shopping at they used to be before the pandemic.


The Taiwan market will remain challenging as local consumers there have also been travelling in Japan where retail prices of
luxury goods are significantly cheaper due to its weak currency and tax rebates to tourists.


In China, given soft consumer sentiment and spending, the Group has a cautious near-term outlook. However, the Group remains
positive on the long-term outlook of China and will seek to continue growing its presence in this market.


The Group will continue to employ the most conservative approach to manage its retail network and cautiously manage its
investment portfolio, as well as rigorously control costs at all levels of operation.


With net cash of HK$2,670.5 million and its strong balance sheet, the Group is in a strong position to cope with the risk of a
difficult retail climate, potential economic downturn, and to undertake new investment opportunities to diversify and broaden its
earnings base.


Principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group
The Group recognises that external events may occur which affect the economic and investment environment in which the Group
operates. The business is managed by an experienced management team who have a close involvement in the day to day running
of the business, which ensures that the Group is prepared for, and can react quickly by adapting its business and investment
strategies to changes in the economic and investment environment.


Compliance with relevant laws and regulations
During the year under review, as far as the Board and management are aware, there was no material breach of or non-compliance
with the applicable laws and regulations by the Group that has a significant impact on the businesses and operations of the Group.




                                                              • 14 •
                                                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Relationships with employees, customers and suppliers
The Group values its employees and recognises the importance of personal development of employees. The Group strives not
only to provide a safe and healthy workplace for employees but also to create a positive working environment that balances the
needs of the business with the needs of individual employees. The Group provides competitive remuneration packages to attract
and motivate employees, and reviews these regularly to ensure the remuneration packages conform to the market standard.


The Group understands the importance of maintaining good customer relationships. Through the maintenance of customer
databases, the Group is able to provide customers with information on updated fashion trends, new products and promotion
events. The Group is also able to get feedback from customers and better understand customer needs and demands.


The Group also understands the importance of maintaining good relationships with suppliers and business partners to achieve
long-term business goals. Accordingly, directors and senior management have kept good communication, promptly exchanged
ideas and shared business updates with them when appropriate.


Environmental policy
The Group is committed to building an environmentally-friendly corporation. Green office practices such as paperless internal
communications, double-sided printing and copying, setting up recycling bins, promoting using recycled paper and reducing
energy consumption by switching off idle lighting and electrical appliances are encouraged in the operation of the Group’s
businesses. The Group will review its environmental practices from time to time and will consider implementing further
eco-friendly measures and practices to enhance environmental sustainability. The Group’s Environmental, Social and
Governance Report will be published on the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited at www.hkexnews.hk
and the website of the Company at www.dickson.com.hk at the same time as the publication of this annual report.


Financial statements
The results of the Group for the year ended 31st March, 2024 and the financial position of the Company and the Group at that
date are set out in the financial statements on pages 57 to 121.


Dividends
An interim dividend of HK10 cents (2023 : HK8 cents) per ordinary share was paid on 19th January, 2024.


The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK35 cents (2023 : HK27 cents) per ordinary share in respect of the
year ended 31st March, 2024.


Details of the dividend policy of the Company are set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 49 to 50.


Share Capital and Reserves
Movements in share capital and reserves during the year are set out in Notes 20 and 21 on the financial statements respectively.


Share Option Scheme
Details of the Share Option Scheme of the Company (the “Scheme”) are set out in Note 20 on the financial statements. Subsequent
to the expiration of the Scheme, the Company did not adopt any new share option scheme during the year ended 31st March, 2024.




                                                              • 15 •
        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Share Purchase, Sale and Redemption
At no time during the year was there any purchase, sale or redemption by the Company, or any of its subsidiary companies, of
the Company’s ordinary shares. There is no treasury shares held by the Company.


Pre-emptive Rights
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Amended and Restated Bye-laws (the “Bye-laws”) although
there is no restriction against such rights under the laws of Bermuda.


Charitable Donations
Donations made by the Group during the year amounted to HK$2,148,000.


Property, plant and equipment
Movements in property, plant and equipment during the year are set out in Note 10 on the financial statements.


Borrowings
Bank loans are set out in Note 16 on the financial statements.


Retirement Schemes
Retirement schemes operated by the Group during the year are outlined in Notes 1(n), 4, 14, 17 and 24 on the financial statements.


Principal Subsidiary Companies
Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiary companies are set out on pages 118 to 121.


Management Contracts
No contracts concerning the management and / or administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company were entered into or existed during the year.


Corporate Strategy
The Group’s strategy is to cater to the Asian market’s demand for quality branded products through a combination of licensed
brands, the Group’s own brands, and own retail platforms. Our corporate values rest in growing the presence of our existing
businesses and identifying new business and investment opportunities not limited to our current businesses in order to deliver
value to both our customers and our shareholders. All such opportunities will continue to be diligently and carefully evaluated by
the Board with the primary view of further enhancing the Group’s financial and market position as well as delivering value to our
shareholders. We believe implementing disciplined business strategies and prudent financial management serves this purpose by
preserving the longevity and sustainability of our businesses. We also believe in maintaining a conservative balance sheet so we
can take advantage of any investment opportunities of exceptional value as and when they arise.




                                                                 • 16 •
                                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Employment and Remuneration Policies
As at 31st March, 2024, the Group had 683 (2023 : 732) employees. Total staff costs (including directors’ emoluments) amount
to HK$300.6 million (2023 : HK$261.8 million). Remuneration policies are reviewed regularly by the Board and by the
Remuneration Committee in respect of directors and senior management. Remuneration packages are structured to take into
account the level and composition of pay and the general market conditions in the respective countries and businesses in which
the Group operates.


Liquidity and Financial Resources
The Group’s net liquid financial resources as at 31st March, 2024 stood at HK$2,670.5 million (2023 : HK$2,262.3 million),
represented by cash and bank balances of HK$3,469.6 million (2023 : HK$3,267.9 million) less short-term bank borrowings of
HK$799.1 million (2023 : HK$1,005.6 million).


The Group also maintains substantial uncommitted short-term loan facilities with selected international banks for day-to-day
requirements and funding flexibility.


Foreign Currency Exposure and Financial Management
Merchandise purchased by the Group is mainly denominated in United States Dollars, Euros, Pounds Sterling and Swiss Francs.
Where appropriate, forward foreign exchange contracts are utilised to purchase the relevant currency to settle amounts due and it
is the Group’s policy that such foreign exchange contracts or foreign currency purchases are strictly limited to approved purchase
budget amounts or actual purchase commitments.


Exposure to fluctuations in the exchange rate of regional currencies in respect of the Group’s overseas operations is minimised
by utilising local currency borrowings, where necessary, to fund working capital and capital expenditure requirements with
repayment from funds generated from local sales.


Financial risk management for the Group is the responsibility of the treasury department based in Hong Kong which implements
the policies and guidelines issued by the Board. Surplus cash is held mainly in United States Dollars, New Taiwan Dollars, Hong
Kong Dollars and Renminbi with the majority placed on short-term deposits with established international banks.


As at 31st March, 2024, the Group’s current ratio, being current assets divided by current liabilities, was 3.3 times (as at
31st March, 2023 : 2.3 times). The Group has maintained a net surplus cash position throughout the financial year under review
and its gearing ratio, being total bank borrowings net of cash balances as a percentage of consolidated capital and reserves is Nil
(as at 31st March, 2023 : Nil).


Financial Summary
The results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five years are summarised on page 122.




                                                               • 17 •
        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Major Customers and Suppliers
During the year, the Group sold less than 30 per cent. of its goods and services to its five largest customers.


The percentages of purchases for the year attributable to the Group’s major suppliers are as follows :-

The largest supplier                                              30 per cent.
Five largest suppliers in aggregate                               82 per cent.


Directors
The directors during the year were :-

Dickson Poon                                                      (Group Executive Chairman)
Poon Dickson Pearson Guanda                                       (Chief Operating Officer and Executive Director)
Chan Hon Chung, Johnny Pollux                                     (Executive Director)
Lau Yu Hee, Gary                                                  (Executive Director)
Bhanusak Asvaintra                                                (Independent Non-Executive Director (“INED”))
Nicholas Peter Etches                                             (INED)
Fung Yue Ming, Eugene Michael                                     (INED)
Lam Sze Wan Patricia                                              (INED) (Appointed with effect from 15th June, 2023)


Ms. Lam Sze Wan Patricia was appointed as an INED and a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company with effect
from 15th June, 2023, the details of which were disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 13th June, 2023.


In accordance with Bye-law 84(1) of the Company’s Bye-laws, Mr. Poon Dickson Pearson Guanda (the Chief Operating Officer
and an Executive Director), Mr. Chan Hong Chung, Johnny Pollux (an Executive Director) and Mr. Fung Yue Ming, Eugene
Michael (an INED) shall retire from office by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the shareholders of the
Company to be held on Thursday, 8th August, 2024 (the “2024 AGM”). All these three retiring directors, being eligible, have
offered themselves for re-election. None of the directors offering themselves for re-election has a service contract with the Group
which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


Indemnity of Directors
Pursuant to the Bye-law 164(1) of the Company’s Bye-laws and subject to the statues, the directors of the Company shall be
indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses,
damages and expenses which they or any of them shall or may incur or sustain by reason of any act done, concurred in or omitted
in or about the execution of their duty, or supposed duty, in their respective offices. The Company has the relevant Directors’ and
Officers’ Liability and Company Reimbursement Insurance in place and maintained throughout the year, which provides cover
for the directors of the Company, and its subsidiary companies.




                                                               • 18 •
                                                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Directors’ Biographies
Sir Dickson Poon (Group Executive Chairman)
Sir Dickson, aged 67, is the founder and a substantial shareholder of the Group. He is also the chairman of each of the Nomination
Committee and the Investment Committee of the Company. Sir Dickson established the Dickson group business in 1980 and
was appointed an Executive Director of the Company in November 1991 and has been the Group Executive Chairman since
February 1992. He provides leadership for the Board and ensures that the Board discharges its responsibilities effectively and
efficiently. Sir Dickson is the father of Mr. Poon Dickson Pearson Guanda, the Chief Operating Officer, an Executive Director
and a substantial shareholder of the Company. The relationship between Sir Dickson and Dickson Investment Holding (PTC)
Corporation (“DIHPTC”) which has a notifiable interest in the Company under the provisions of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”) is mentioned in the “Directors’ Interests” and “Substantial
Shareholders’ and Other Persons’ Interests” sections of this report.


Mr. Poon Dickson Pearson Guanda (Chief Operating Officer and Executive Director)
Mr. Pearson Poon, aged 29, joined the Group as a General Manager in October 2016, and appointed as an Executive Director in
December 2018 and the Chief Operating Officer in September 2022 respectively. His current responsibilities include overseeing
the Group’s retail business in Hong Kong and Mainland China, while he is also a substantial shareholder of the Group and a
member of the Investment Committee of the Company. Prior to joining the Group, he worked at the investment banking division
of Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC, where he was part of the consumer and retail, technology, media, and telecommunications
team in Hong Kong, focusing on the China internet sector. Mr. Pearson Poon holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from the
University of Cambridge. He is the Vice Chairman and a director of Harvey Nichols Group Limited and also a director of certain
of its subsidiary companies (together the “HN Group”). Mr. Pearson Poon is also the Chairman of the supervisory board of
S.T. Dupont S.A. (“STDSA”), the securities of which are listed on the Euronext Paris in France. Both the HN Group and STDSA
are the related companies of the Company. Mr. Pearson Poon is a son of Sir Dickson Poon, the Group Executive Chairman and a
substantial shareholder of the Company. The relationship between Mr. Pearson Poon and DIHPTC which has a notifiable interest
in the Company under the provisions of the SFO is mentioned in the “Directors’ Interests” and “Substantial Shareholders’ and
Other Persons’ Interests” sections of this report.


Mr. Chan Hon Chung, Johnny Pollux (Executive Director)
Mr. Chan, aged 64, joined the Group in October 1983 and was appointed an Executive Director in September 2011. He is also
a member of each of the Remuneration Committee and the Investment Committee of the Company. Mr. Chan is a Fellow of
The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a Fellow of The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and
Wales, and is in charge of the financial reporting function of the Group. Prior to joining the Group, he acquired extensive audit
experience in an international audit firm in Hong Kong.


Mr. Lau Yu Hee, Gary (Executive Director)
Mr. Lau, aged 70, joined the Group in June 1990 and was appointed an Executive Director in January 2008. Educated in Hong
Kong, Mr. Lau started his career as a journalist and later moved on to work for a French company distributing luxury goods in
the region before joining the Group. He is currently in charge of the Group’s business in Taiwan.




                                                              • 19 •
        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Mr. Bhanusak Asvaintra (INED)
Mr. Asvaintra, aged 79, was appointed an INED in September 2004. He is also the chairman of the Remuneration Committee
and a member of each of the Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee of the Company. A graduate of the University
of Pennsylvania and the University of Chicago, he held senior executive positions with the Chase Manhattan Bank group in
New York, Hong Kong and Singapore in the 1970s. Mr. Asvaintra joined the Charoen Pokphand group of companies in 1980
and retired as its chief executive officer in 1998. He is also an INED of MS Group Holdings Limited (Stock Code : 1451), the
securities of which are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).


Mr. Nicholas Peter Etches (INED)
Mr. Etches, aged 75, was appointed an INED in June 2004. He is also the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of
each of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee of the Company. Mr. Etches has over 34 years auditing
experience with clients in a range of industries, also specialising in the fields of banking and finance as well as insolvency and
corporate recovery practice. He is a Fellow of The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and a Fellow of the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants of which he was the President in 1995. Mr. Etches joined one of the leading
international accounting firms in London in 1967, transferred to the firm’s Hong Kong office in 1975 and became a partner in
1978 until his retirement in 2002.


Mr. Fung Yue Ming, Eugene Michael (INED)
Mr. Fung, aged 67, was appointed an INED and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company in August 2019. He
graduated from Tufts University. Mr. Fung is the chairman and principal of SouthBay Investment Advisors Limited (“SIAL”).
Prior to joining SIAL, he worked for J.P. Morgan from 2001 to 2015 as the managing director and chairman of Private Bank Asia.
Mr. Fung was a member of the Financial Services Development Council, Hong Kong from 2013 to 2017. He is also an INED of
Shanghai Commercial Bank Limited (its US$350,000,000 Tier 2 Subordinated Notes due 2033 (Stock Code : 5713) is listed on
the Stock Exchange), a member of Gleneagles Hong Kong Hospital Advisory Council, the Executive Committee of Hong Kong
Arts Festival Society Limited and the Court of The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology.


Ms. Lam Sze Wan Patricia (INED)
Ms. Lam, aged 57, was appointed as an INED and a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company with effect from
15th June, 2023. She received her Bachelor’s Degree in Monetary Economics from the London School of Economics in 1990
and Post Graduate Diploma in Asian Arts - Chinese, Japanese and Korean Arts at the Sotheby’s School of Oriental and African
Studies, University of London in 1991. Ms. Lam is currently an INED of each of Hang Seng Bank Limited (Stock Code : 11)
and MGM China Holdings Limited (Stock Code : 2282), the securities of both companies are listed on the Stock Exchange. She
is also a member of the Board of Governors of the Hang Seng University of Hong Kong, and the co-founder and partner of Patti
Wong & Associates. Ms. Lam retired from Sotheby’s in December 2022 where she was the Senior International Chairman. She
previously held the post of Head of Sotheby’s Private Client Services Department in London before her appointment as chairman
of Sotheby’s Asia in 2004. Ms. Lam was also appointed as chairman of Sotheby’s Diamonds, a retail joint venture established
in December 2005 between Sotheby’s and Diacore.




                                                              • 20 •
                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Disclosure of Interests

Directors’ Interests
As at 31st March, 2024, the interests and short positions of the directors in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the
Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept
by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Directors’ Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to
the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on the Stock Exchange were as follows :-


Dickson Concepts (International) Limited
                                                        Ordinary Shares of HK$0.30 each
Name of 		                              Personal        Family Corporate           Other
Director Capacity                       Interests     Interests   Interests     Interests                    Total    Percentage(ii)

Dickson Poon              Beneficial       17,361              –              –    233,464,065(i)     233,481,426            59.23
		                        owner and
		                     trust founder

Poon Dickson             Beneficial        83,000              –              –    233,464,065(i)     233,547,065            59.25
  Pearson Guanda         owner and
		                    beneficiary of
		                   a discretionary
		                              trust


Notes :-

(i)   These shares are held through two trusts.

(ii) Percentage which the aggregate long position in shares represents to the issued share capital of the Company.

In addition, Sir Dickson Poon and Mr. Poon Dickson Pearson Guanda are deemed to be interested in the share capital of all the
subsidiary and associated companies of the Company by virtue of their interest in the Company.

Save as referred to above, as at 31st March, 2024, none of the directors had any interest or short position in the shares, underlying
shares or debentures of the Company or any associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which are
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO or which are notified to the Company
and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Directors’ Model Code.

Save as disclosed in the “Continuing Connected Transactions” section of this report, no contracts of significance in relation to
the Group’s business to which the Company or any of its subsidiary companies was a party and in which a director had a material
interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

During the period from 1st April, 2023 to 17th July, 2023 (i.e. the expiry date of the Scheme), no share options had been granted
to the directors under the Scheme. Subsequent to the expiration of the Scheme, the Company did not adopt any new share option
scheme during the year ended 31st March, 2024.

Save as disclosed above, at no time during the year was the Company or any of its subsidiary companies a party to any
arrangements to enable the directors or any of their spouses or children under 18 years of age to acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.

                                                                • 21 •
           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Substantial Shareholders’ and Other Persons’ Interests
As at 31st March, 2024, the interests and short positions of the persons (other than the directors) in the shares and underlying
shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO were as
follows :-


Dickson Concepts (International) Limited
		                                                    Ordinary shares
Name of Shareholder                                   of HK$0.30 each                 Percentage(iii)                  Capacity


Yu Kwai Chu, Pearl                                         233,481,426 (i)                  59.23              Interest of spouse


Dickson Investment Holding (PTC)                            233,464,065 (ii)                59.22                        Trustee
 Corporation (“DIHPTC”)


Paicolex Trust Company (BVI) Limited                        233,464,065 (ii)                59.22                        Trustee
  (“Paicolex BVI”)


Paicolex Trust Management AG                                233,464,065 (ii)                59.22                        Trustee
  (“Paicolex AG”)


Notes :-

(i)    These shares refer to the family interest attributable to Sir Dickson Poon, the spouse of Ms. Yu Kwai Chu, Pearl.

(ii)   These shares refer to the same block of shares. DIHPTC, Paicolex BVI and Paicolex AG are trustees of two trusts.
       These shares are also included in the 233,464,065 shares which were disclosed as “Other Interests” of Sir Dickson Poon
       and Mr. Poon Dickson Pearson Guanda in the “Directors’ Interests” section of this report. Sir Dickson Poon is a director
       of DIHPTC.

(iii) Percentage which the aggregate long position in shares represents to the issued share capital of the Company.

Save as disclosed above and in the “Directors’ Interests” section of this report, the Company has not been notified by any person
who had an interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company as at 31st March, 2024 which is required
to be notified to the Company pursuant to Part XV of the SFO or which is recorded in the register required to be kept by the
Company under Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                              • 22 •
                                                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Continuing Connected Transactions

1.   During the year and up to the date of this report, the Group has on an on-going basis conducted transactions with
     the S.T. Dupont Group (i.e. S.T. Dupont S.A. (“STDSA”), a company incorporated in France with limited liability,
     the shares of which are listed on the Euronext Paris in France and which is owned as to 90.58 per cent. of its issued
     share capital by a trust (the “Trust”) established for the benefit of the family members of Sir Dickson Poon, the Group
     Executive Chairman and a substantial shareholder of the Company (Sir Dickson Poon is the father of Mr. Poon Dickson
     Pearson Guanda, the Chief Operating Officer, an Executive Director and a substantial shareholder of the Company, who is
     the chairman of the supervisory board of STDSA and a beneficiary of the Trust), together with its subsidiary companies,
     which are principally engaged in the manufacture and distribution of luxury lighters, writing instruments, leather goods,
     accessories, ready-to-wear clothing, watches and fragrances under the brand name of “S.T. Dupont”). These transactions
     involve sales and purchases of merchandise, provision of management and supporting services, provision of interior design
     services, payment of license fees and distribution of merchandise, all of which are conducted on normal commercial terms
     and in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group, the details of which are set out as follows :-

     (a)   On 18th March, 2021, Dickson Concepts Limited (“DCL”), a member of the Group, as seller and S.T. Dupont
           Marketing Limited (“STDML”), a member of the S.T. Dupont Group, as purchaser entered into a merchandise sale
           and purchase renewal agreement (the “Agreement No. 1”) regarding the sales of certain merchandise by the Group to
           the S.T. Dupont Group including, but not limited to, luxury lighters, writing instruments, leather goods, accessories,
           ready-to-wear clothing, watches as well as fragrances under the brand name of “S.T. Dupont” or names of product
           lines under “S.T. Dupont” (for that merchandise manufactured in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) only) for
           a period of three years commencing from 1st April, 2021 and ended on 31st March, 2024. The selling prices of the
           obsolete merchandise are set at the Group’s purchase cost of the obsolete merchandise while the selling prices of other
           merchandise are equal to the retail prices less normal trade discounts (in the range of 50 per cent. to 60 per cent.),
           due upon shipment of the merchandise and to be settled in cash with a credit period of up to 60 days. The maximum
           annual cap received by the Group for the sales of merchandise to the S.T. Dupont Group under the Agreement No. 1
           for the financial year ended 31st March, 2024 is HK$3,707,000. The sales of merchandise by the Group to the
           S.T. Dupont Group under the Agreement No. 1 during the year was HK$274,000 which was below the maximum
           annual cap of HK$3,707,000.

           On 26th March, 2024, DCL as seller and STDML as purchaser entered into a merchandise sale and purchase renewal
           agreement (the “Renewal Agreement No. 1”) regarding, inter alia, the renewal of the Agreement No. 1 upon its
           expiry on 31st March, 2024 for a further period of three years commencing from 1st April, 2024 and ending on
           31st March, 2027 with other terms remaining unchanged. The maximum annual caps receivable by the Group
           for the sales of merchandise to the S.T. Dupont Group under the Renewal Agreement No. 1 for the financial
           years ending 31st March, 2025, 31st March, 2026 and 31st March, 2027 are HK$1,000,000, HK$1,300,000 and
           HK$1,690,000 respectively.




                                                              • 23 •
  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



(b)   On 18th March, 2021, STDML as seller and DCL as purchaser entered into a merchandise sale and purchase
      renewal agreement (the “Agreement No. 2”) regarding the purchases of certain merchandise by the Group from the
      S.T. Dupont Group including, but not limited to, luxury lighters, writing instruments, leather goods, accessories,
      ready-to-wear clothing, watches as well as fragrances under the brand name of “S.T. Dupont” or names of product
      lines under “S.T. Dupont” (for that merchandise manufactured outside the PRC only) for a period of three years
      commencing from 1st April, 2021 and ended on 31st March, 2024. The purchase prices of the merchandise
      are equal to the retail prices less normal trade discounts (in the range of 60 per cent. to 80 per cent.), due upon
      shipment of the merchandise and to be settled in cash with a credit period of up to 60 days. The maximum annual
      cap paid by the Group for the purchases of merchandise from the S.T. Dupont Group under the Agreement No. 2 for
      the financial year ended 31st March, 2024 is HK$13,000,000. The purchases of merchandise by the Group from the
      S.T. Dupont Group under the Agreement No. 2 during the year was HK$5,326,000 which was below the maximum
      annual cap of HK$13,000,000.

      On 26th March, 2024, STDML as seller and DCL as purchaser entered into a merchandise sale and purchase renewal
      agreement (the “Renewal Agreement No. 2”) regarding, inter alia, the renewal of the Agreement No. 2 upon its
      expiry on 31st March, 2024 for a further period of three years commencing from 1st April, 2024 and ending on
      31st March, 2027 with other terms remaining unchanged. The maximum annual caps payable by the Group for
      the purchases of merchandise from the S.T. Dupont Group under the Renewal Agreement No. 2 for the financial
      years ending 31st March, 2025, 31st March, 2026 and 31st March, 2027 are HK$5,600,000, HK$9,000,000 and
      HK$13,000,000 respectively.

(c)   On 18th March, 2021, DCL as service provider and STDML as service receiver entered into a services renewal
      agreement (the “Agreement No. 3(a)”) together with a renewal agreement on personnel (the “Agreement
      No. 3(b)”) regarding the provision of certain management and supporting services by the Group to the S.T. Dupont
      Group including warehouse space, stock management services, centralised administrative and supporting functions
      including management, stock control and information technology for a period of three years commencing from
      1st April, 2021 and ended on 31st March, 2024. Moreover, pursuant to the Agreement No. 3(b), the salaries of
      employees in charge of marketing and selling of products provided by the S.T. Dupont Group and the Group and
      supervising exclusive “S.T. Dupont” boutiques in the PRC are to be shared between the Group and the S.T. Dupont
      Group. The service fee payable by the S.T. Dupont Group is calculated on a cost or cost plus 12 per cent. (as may be
      required by the relevant tax or other rulings or regulations) allocation basis, and this service fee shall be payable in
      cash on a monthly basis with a credit period of up to 30 days. The maximum annual cap received by the Group for
      the provision of management and supporting services to the S.T. Dupont Group under the Agreement No. 3(a) and the
      Agreement No. 3(b) for the financial year ended 31st March, 2024 is HK$11,296,000. The service fee received by the
      Group from the S.T. Dupont Group in respect of the provision of management and supporting services to the S.T. Dupont
      Group under the Agreement No. 3(a) and the Agreement No. 3(b) during the year was HK$8,927,000 which was below
      the maximum annual cap of HK$11,296,000.




                                                         • 24 •
                                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



      On 26th March, 2024, DCL as service provider and STDML as service receiver entered into a services renewal
      agreement (the “Renewal Agreement No. 3(a)”) together with a renewal agreement on personnel (the “Renewal
      Agreement No. 3(b)”) regarding, inter alia, the renewal of each of the Agreement No. 3(a) and the Agreement No. 3(b)
      in respect of (i) the provision of certain management and supporting services, centralised administrative and supporting
      functions including management, stock control and information technology by the Group to the S.T. Dupont Group; and
      (ii) the Group and the S.T. Dupont Group agreed to share the salaries of the employees (as provided by the S.T. Group
      and the Group) upon its expiry on 31st March, 2024 for a further period of three years commencing from 1st April, 2024
      and ending on 31st March, 2027. The maximum annual caps receivable by the Group for the provision of management
      and supporting services to the S.T. Dupont Group under the Renewal Agreement No. 3(a) and the Renewal Agreement
      No. 3(b) for the financial years ending 31st March, 2025, 31st March, 2026 and 31st March, 2027 are HK$10,474,000,
      HK$12,600,000 and HK$15,100,000 respectively.

(d)   On 18th March, 2021, Dickson Interior Design Limited (“DIDL”), a member of the Group, as service provider and
      STDML as service receiver entered into an interior design services renewal agreement (the “Agreement No. 4”)
      regarding the provision of interior design services by the Group to the S.T. Dupont Group relating to its retail outlets
      and sales corners for a period of three years commencing from 1st April, 2021 and ended on 31st March, 2024. The
      interior design service fee payable by the S.T. Dupont Group is charged at a rate of 10 per cent. (which is derived in
      accordance with industry practice) of the total contract sum for the building and fitting out of any of its freestanding
      boutiques, department store corners and retail outlets and this interior design service fee shall be payable in cash
      on a contract phase completion basis with a credit period of up to 30 days. The maximum annual cap received by
      the Group for the provision of interior design services to the S.T. Dupont Group under the Agreement No. 4 for the
      financial year ended 31st March, 2024 is HK$2,500,000. The service fee received by the Group from the S.T. Dupont
      Group in respect of the provision of interior design services to the S.T. Dupont Group under the Agreement No. 4
      during the year was HK$223,000 which was below the maximum annual cap of HK$2,500,000.

      On 26th March, 2024, DIDL as service provider and STDML as service receiver entered into an interior design
      services renewal agreement (the “Renewal Agreement No. 4”) regarding, inter alia, the renewal of the Agreement
      No. 4 upon its expiry on 31st March, 2024 for a further period of three years commencing from 1st April, 2024
      and ending on 31st March, 2027 with other terms remaining unchanged. The maximum annual caps receivable
      by the Group for the provision of interior design services to the S.T. Dupont Group under the Renewal Agreement
      No. 4 for the financial years ending 31st March, 2025, 31st March, 2026 and 31st March, 2027 are HK$1,000,000,
      HK$2,000,000 and HK$2,500,000 respectively.




                                                          • 25 •
  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



(e)   On 15th December, 2022, STDSA as licensor and Bestway Holdings Limited, a member of the Group, as a licensee
      entered into a shoe license agreement (the “Agreement No. 5”) regarding the granting of a license to the Group
      for the use of various “S.T. Dupont” trademarks in order to manufacture, sell, market and promote the relevant
      “S.T. Dupont” shoe products, and open and operate points of sale within the PRC (excluding Hong Kong) for a
      period of two years commencing from 1st April, 2023 and ending on 31st March, 2025 with an option to renew
      the Agreement No. 5 for a maximum of two two-year periods subject to compliance with the applicable Listing Rules.
      The license fee payable by the Group under the Agreement No. 5 is calculated based on 70 per cent. on the total shoe
      license royalty revenue received from third parties for the shoe products manufactured in the PRC. The license fee
      payable by the Group under the Agreement No. 5 shall be payable on a quarterly basis with a credit period of up to
      45 days. The maximum annual caps paid / payable by the Group for the payment of the license fee in respect of the
      granting of a license to the Group for the use of various “S.T. Dupont” trademarks in order to manufacture, sell, market
      and promote the relevant “S.T. Dupont” shoe products, and open and operate points of sale within the PRC (excluding
      Hong Kong) under the Agreement No. 5 for the financial years ended / ending 31st March, 2024 and 31st March, 2025
      are HK$5,250,000 and HK$5,565,000 respectively. The license fee paid by the Group to the S.T. Dupont Group in
      respect of the granting of a license to the Group for the use of various “S.T. Dupont” trademarks under the Agreement
      No. 5 during the year was HK$3,500,000 which was below the maximum annual cap of HK$5,250,000.

(f)   On 22nd March, 2023, STDSA as licensor and Bondwood Investments Limited (“BIL”), a member of the Group,
      as licensee entered into a 2nd renewal license agreement (the “Agreement No. 6”) regarding, inter alia, the renewal
      of a 1st renewal license agreement dated 18th March, 2021 in respect of the granting of an exclusive license by
      the S.T. Dupont Group to the Group to distribute ready-to-wear apparel bearing the “S.T. Dupont” name, logo or
      trademark solely in the PRC (excluding Hong Kong) for a period of one year commencing from 1st April, 2023 and
      ended on 31st March, 2024. The license fee payable by the Group under the Agreement No. 6 is calculated based
      on a certain percentage (in the range of 50 per cent. to 70 per cent.) on the royalties received by the Group from
      the sub-licensees on the sales of the relevant “S.T. Dupont” ready-to-wear apparel per year in the PRC (excluding
      Hong Kong). The license fee payable by the Group under the Agreement No. 6 shall be payable on a quarterly
      basis with a credit period of up to 30 days. The maximum annual cap paid by the Group to the S.T. Dupont Group
      for the payment of the license fee in respect of the granting of an exclusive license to the Group to distribute
      ready-to-wear apparel bearing “S.T. Dupont” name, logo or trademark solely in the PRC (excluding Hong Kong)
      under the Agreement No. 6 for the financial year ended 31st March, 2024 is HK$6,000,000. The license fee paid
      by the Group to the S.T. Dupont Group in respect of the granting of an exclusive license to the Group to distribute
      ready-to-wear apparel bearing the “S.T. Dupont” name, logo or trademark solely in the PRC (excluding Hong
      Kong) under the Agreement No. 6 during the year was HK$3,842,000 which was below the maximum annual cap
      of HK$6,000,000.

      On 26th March, 2024, STDSA as licensor and BIL as licensee entered into a 3rd renewal license agreement
      (the “Renewal Agreement No. 6”) regarding, inter alia, the renewal of the Agreement No. 6 upon its expiry
      on 31st March, 2024 for a further period of one year commencing from 1st April, 2024 and ending on
      31st March, 2025 with other terms remaining unchanged. The maximum annual cap payable by the Group to
      the S.T. Dupont Group for the payment of the license fee in respect of the granting of an exclusive license to
      the Group to distribute ready-to-wear apparel bearing “S.T. Dupont” name, logo or trademark solely in the PRC
      (excluding Hong Kong) under the Renewal Agreement No. 6 for the financial year ending 31st March, 2025 is
      HK$7,134,000.




                                                         • 26 •
                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



(g)   On 15th June, 2022, STDSA as principal and BIL as distributor entered into a renewal exclusive distribution
      agreement (the “Agreement No. 7”) regarding, inter alia, the renewal of the renewal exclusive distribution
      agreement dated 3rd June, 2019 in respect of the appointment of the Group as an exclusive distributor for certain
      luxury products including, but not limited to, lighters, smokers’ articles, writing instruments, leather goods, belts
      as well as men’s accessories under “S.T. Dupont” and “D” trademarks in the PRC (excluding Hong Kong) for a
      period of one year commencing from 8th June, 2022 and ended on 7th June, 2023. The purchase prices of the
      products are at the standard wholesale prices equivalent to the retail prices less normal trade discounts (in the range
      of 40 per cent. to 75 per cent.) as set by the S.T. Dupont Group, to be settled in cash with a credit period of up to
      45 days. The maximum annual cap paid by the Group for the purchases of products from the S.T. Dupont Group
      for distributing the same throughout the PRC (excluding Hong Kong) under the Agreement No. 7 for the financial
      year ended 31st March, 2024 is HK$29,601,000 (two months and seven days).

      On 22nd March, 2023, STDSA as principal and BIL as distributor entered into a third renewal exclusive
      distribution agreement (the “Renewal Agreement No. 7”) regarding, inter alia, the renewal of the Agreement
      No. 7 with effect from 1st April, 2023 for a further period of three years ending on 31st March, 2026 with other
      terms remaining unchanged. The Renewal Agreement No. 7 superseded the Agreement No. 7 with effect from
      1st April, 2023. Both parties may agree to and renew the Renewal Agreement No. 7 for a further term of three
      years subject to compliance with the applicable Listing Rules. The maximum annual caps paid / payable by the
      Group to STDSA for the purchases of certain luxury products by the Group from STDSA for distributing the
      same throughout the PRC (excluding Hong Kong) under the Renewal Agreement No. 7 for the financial years
      ended / ending 31st March, 2024, 31st March, 2025 and 31st March, 2026 are HK$55,264,000, HK$71,600,000
      and HK$76,177,000 respectively. The purchases of certain luxury products by the Group from the S.T. Dupont
      Group for distributing the same throughout the PRC (excluding Hong Kong) under the Renewal Agreement No. 7
      during the year was HK$38,350,000 which was below the maximum annual cap of HK$55,264,000.




                                                         • 27 •
       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



2.   During the year, the Group has on an on-going basis conducted transactions with the Artland Group (i.e. Artland Watch
     Company Limited (“AWCL”) and Precision Watch Company Limited (“PWCL”), both of which are indirectly wholly-owned
     by Sir Dickson Poon, together with their subsidiary companies, which are principally engaged in the sale of watches and
     jewellery). These transactions involve sales and purchases of merchandise and licensing of a sales corner, all of which are
     conducted on normal commercial terms and in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group, the details of which are
     set out as follows :-

     (a)   On 18th March, 2021, Castlereagh Limited (“Castlereagh”), a member of the Group, as seller and AWCL and
           PWCL, both of which are members of the Artland Group, as purchasers entered into a merchandise sale and purchase
           renewal agreement (the “Agreement No. 8”) regarding the sales of certain merchandise by the Group to the Artland
           Group including, but not limited to, certain prestigious branded watches, timepieces and jewellery under various
           prestigious international brand names for a period of three years commencing from 1st April, 2021 and ended on
           31st March, 2024. The selling prices of the merchandise are equal to the retail prices less normal trade discounts (in
           the range of 25 per cent. to 40 per cent.), due upon shipment of the merchandise and to be settled in cash with a credit
           period of up to 90 days. The maximum annual cap received by the Group for the sales of merchandise to the Artland
           Group under the Agreement No. 8 for the financial year ended 31st March, 2024 is HK$51,633,000. There were no
           transactions under the Agreement No. 8 in respect of the sales of merchandise by the Group to the Artland Group
           during the year.

           On 26th March, 2024, Castlereagh as seller and AWCL and PWCL as purchasers entered into a merchandise sale and
           purchase renewal agreement (the “Renewal Agreement No. 8”) regarding, inter alia, the renewal of the Agreement
           No. 8 upon its expiry on 31st March, 2024 for a further period of three years commencing from 1st April, 2024
           and ending on 31st March, 2027 with other terms remaining unchanged. The maximum annual caps receivable by
           the Group for the sales of merchandise to the Artland Group under the Renewal Agreement No. 8 for the financial
           years ending 31st March, 2025, 31st March, 2026 and 31st March, 2027 are HK$6,500,000, HK$8,450,000 and
           HK$10,985,000 respectively.

     (b)   On 18th March, 2021, AWCL and PWCL as sellers and DCL as purchaser entered into a merchandise sale and
           purchase renewal agreement (the “Agreement No. 9”) regarding the purchases of certain merchandise by the Group
           from the Artland Group including, but not limited to, certain prestigious branded watches, timepieces and jewellery
           under various prestigious international brand names for a period of three years commencing from 1st April, 2021 and
           ended on 31st March, 2024. The purchase prices of the merchandise are equal to the retail prices less normal trade
           discounts (in the range of 25 per cent. to 40 per cent.), due upon shipment of the merchandise and to be settled in cash
           with a credit period of up to 30 days. The maximum annual cap paid by the Group for the purchases of merchandise
           from the Artland Group under the Agreement No. 9 for the financial year ended 31st March, 2024 is HK$29,000,000.
           The purchases of merchandise by the Group from the Artland Group under the Agreement No. 9 during the year was
           HK$3,626,000 which was below the maximum annual cap of HK$29,000,000.

           On 26th March, 2024, AWCL and PWCL as sellers and DCL as purchaser entered into a merchandise sale and
           purchase renewal agreement (the “Renewal Agreement No. 9”) regarding, inter alia, the renewal of the Agreement
           No. 9 upon its expiry on 31st March, 2024 for a further period of three years commencing from 1st April, 2024 and
           ending on 31st March, 2027 with other terms remaining unchanged. The maximum annual caps payable by the
           Group for the purchases of merchandise from the Artland Group under the Renewal Agreement No. 9 for the financial
           years ending 31st March, 2025, 31st March, 2026 and 31st March, 2027 are HK$7,140,000, HK$9,282,000 and
           HK$12,067,000 respectively.




                                                              • 28 •
                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



     (c)   On 15th September, 2022, Harvey Nichols (Hong Kong) Limited (“HNHKL”) (company name changed to “Dickson
           Concepts (Retail) Limited” (“DCRL”) with effect from 18th April, 2023), a member of the Group, as grantor and
           PWCL as licensee entered into a licence agreement (the “Agreement No. 10”) regarding the licensing of a sales
           corner (the “PW HN Corner”) by the Group to the Artland Group in the Group’s Harvey Nichols store at Two
           Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Hong Kong (the “PP Harvey Nichols Store”) with lettable area of about 2,458 sq. ft.
           for a period of two years commencing from 19th September, 2022 and expiring on 18th September, 2024. Under
           the Agreement No. 10, the monthly licence fee payment in respect of the licensing of the PW HN Corner in the PP
           Harvey Nichols Store is HK$500,000, which is to be paid in cash within 25 working days from the end of each month
           in arrears. The maximum annual caps received / receivable by the Group for the licensing of the PW HN Corner in
           the PP Harvey Nichols Store to the Artland Group under the Agreement No. 10 for the financial years ended / ending
           31st March, 2024 and 31st March, 2025, based on the monthly licence fee of HK$500,000, are HK$6,000,000 and
           HK$2,800,000 (five months and eighteen days) respectively. The licence fee received by the Group from the Artland
           Group in respect of the licensing of the PW HN Corner to the Artland Group under the Agreement No. 10 during the
           year was HK$6,000,000 which was the same as the maximum annual cap.

3.   During the year, the Group has on an on-going basis conducted transactions with Dickson Communications Limited
     (“Dickson Communications”) (which is indirectly wholly-owned by Sir Dickson Poon and is principally engaged in
     the provision of advertising, marketing and promotion services). These transactions involve provision of advertising,
     marketing and promotion services, all of which are conducted on normal commercial terms and in the ordinary and usual
     course of business of the Group, the details of which are set out as follows :-

     On 18th March, 2021, Dickson Communications as service provider and DCL as service receiver entered into a promotional
     services renewal agreement (the “Agreement No. 11”) regarding the provision of certain advertising, marketing and
     promotion services by Dickson Communications to the Group for a period of three years commencing from 1st April, 2021
     and ended on 31st March, 2024. The Group pays a monthly retainer fee and a handling service fee at a rate of 10 per cent.
     (which was derived in accordance with the industry practice) of the media or other costs incurred and paid by the Group to any
     third party media specialists, agents or independent contractors in connection with the provision of these services to the Group
     and this handling service fee shall be payable in cash on a monthly basis with a credit period of up to 30 days. The maximum
     annual cap paid by the Group for the receipt of advertising, marketing and promotion services from Dickson Communications
     under the Agreement No. 11 for the financial year ended 31st March, 2024 is HK$14,400,000. The retainer fee and the
     handling service fee paid by the Group to Dickson Communications in respect of the receipt of advertising, marketing and
     promotion services from Dickson Communications under the Agreement No. 11 during the year was HK$6,054,000 which
     was below the maximum annual cap of HK$14,400,000.




                                                               • 29 •
       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



     On 26th March, 2024, Dickson Marketing Limited (“DML”) (which is beneficially owned by Sir Dickson Poon and is
     principally engaged in the provision of advertising, marketing and promotion services), an affiliated company of Dickson
     Communications, as new service provider and DCL as service receiver entered into a promotional services agreement (the
     “Renewal Agreement No. 11”) regarding, inter alia, the renewal of the Agreement No. 11 upon its expiry on 31st March,
     2024 for a further period of three years commencing from 1st April, 2024 and ending on 31st March, 2027. The Group
     pays a monthly retainer fee and a handling service fee at a rate of 10 per cent. (which is derived in accordance with the
     industry practice) of the media or other costs incurred and paid by the Group to any third party media specialists, agents or
     independent contractors in connection with the provision of these services to the Group and this handling service fee shall
     be payable in cash on a monthly basis with a credit period of up to 30 days. The maximum annual caps payable by the
     Group for the receipt of advertising, marketing and promotion services from DML under the Renewal Agreement No. 11
     for the financial years ending 31st March, 2025, 31st March, 2026 and 31st March, 2027 are HK$7,214,000, HK$8,657,000
     and HK$10,389,000 respectively.

4.   During the year, the Group has on an on-going basis conducted transactions with Harvey Nichols Group Limited (“HNGL”),
     a company incorporated in England and Wales with limited liability, which is wholly-owned by the Trust. Sir Dickson
     Poon is the chairman and non-executive director of HNGL as well as a director of certain of its subsidiary companies,
     while Mr. Poon Dickson Pearson Guanda is the vice chairman and a director of HNGL as well as a director of certain of its
     subsidiary companies. HNGL is principally engaged in the operation of “Harvey Nichols” stores in the United Kingdom
     and an online store at www.harveynichols.com. These transactions are in relation to the sales transactions made by the
     customers of the Group on the e-Commerce site at www.harveynichols.com/en-hk (the “HK Website”) which is owned
     and operated by HNGL and the supporting services of the HK Website, all of which are conducted on normal commercial
     terms and in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group, the details of which are set out as follows :-

     (a)   On 15th September, 2022, HNGL as partner and service provider and DCRL (formerly known as “HNHKL”) as
           partner and service receiver entered into a renewal agreement on partnership and technical services agreement
           (the “Agreement No. 12”) regarding, inter alia, the renewal of the partnership and technical services agreement
           dated 23rd September, 2019 in respect of the sales transactions made by the customers of the Group on the
           HK Website upon its expiry on 30th September, 2022 for a further period of one year commencing from 1st October,
           2022 and ended on 30th September, 2023. HNGL shall pay the Group the amount received from sales transactions made
           by the customers of the Group on the HK Website after deduction of all attributable costs (the “Net Proceeds”). The Net
           Proceeds as a percentage of the HK Website sales revenue are estimated to be about 10 per cent. to 30 per cent.. HNGL
           shall generate a monthly statement showing details of the Net Proceeds 30 days after month end and shall remit to the
           Group within 10 working days after providing the monthly statement. The Net Proceeds shall be paid to the Group in
           GBP or other agreed currency. The maximum annual cap of the Net Proceeds received by the Group from HNGL for the
           sales transactions made by the customers of the Group on the HK Website under the Agreement No. 12 for the financial
           year ended 31st March, 2024 is HK$3,100,000 (six months). The Net Proceeds received by the Group from HNGL for
           the sales transactions made by the customers of the Group on the HK Website under the Agreement No. 12 during the
           year was HK$2,346,000 (six months) which was below the maximum annual cap of HK$3,100,000 (six months).




                                                              • 30 •
                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



       (b)   On 29th September, 2023, HNGL as partner and service receiver and DCRL as partner and service provider entered
             into the partnership and technical services agreement dated 29th September, 2023 (the “Agreement No. 13”) setting
             out the terms and conditions in relation to the supporting services of the HK Website owned and operated by HNGL
             for a period of one year commencing from 1st October, 2023 and ending on 30th September, 2024. The maximum
             annual cap received by the Group from HNGL in relation to the supporting services of the HK Website under the
             Agreement No. 13 for the financial year ended 31st March, 2024 is HK$1,095,000 (six months) which is less
             than 0.1 per cent. of each of the applicable percentage ratios of the Company. The Agreement No. 13, therefore,
             constituted a de minimis continuing connected transaction of the Company and is fully exempted from announcement,
             annual reporting, annual review, circular and Independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A
             of the Listing Rules. The service fee received by the Group from HNGL in relation to the supporting services
             of the HK Website under the Agreement No. 13 during the year was HK$639,000 (six months) which was below the
             maximum annual cap of HK$1,095,000 (six months).

The above continuing connected transactions have been reviewed by the directors (including the INEDs). The INEDs hereby
confirm that during the year the above continuing connected transactions have been entered into :-

(i)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;
(ii)  on normal commercial terms or, where there is no available comparison, on terms no less favourable to the Group than
      terms available to or from (as appropriate) independent third parties; and
(iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the
      shareholders of the Company as a whole.

In accordance with the requirement of Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company has engaged the independent auditor
of the Company to conduct certain procedures in respect of the continuing connected transactions of the Group. The work
performed by the independent auditor is in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised),
Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and with reference to Practice
Note 740, Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Based on the results of procedures performed and in accordance with the
aforesaid Listing Rules, the independent auditor has provided a letter to the Board confirming that :-

(i)   nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the continuing connected transactions have not been
      approved by the Board;
(ii) for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention that causes
      them to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group;
(iii) nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the transactions were not entered into, in all material
      respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and
(iv) with respect to the aggregate amount / amount of each of the continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to their
      attention that causes them to believe that the continuing connected transactions have exceeded the maximum aggregate
      annual cap / maximum annual cap disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated 18th March, 2021, 15th June,
      2022, 15th September, 2022, 15th December, 2022, 22nd March, 2023 and 26th March, 2024 in respect of each of the
      continuing connected transactions.




                                                                • 31 •
        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Director’s Interest in Competing Business
The following director is considered to have interests in the following business, which competes or is likely to compete, either
directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group as required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 8.10(2) of the Listing Rules :-


Sir Dickson Poon, the Group Executive Chairman, is a director of AWCL and PWCL and the ultimate shareholder of the Artland
Group which is engaged in the sale of watches and jewellery. These businesses are deemed as competing with the retail business
of the Group. However, the Artland Group targets its own specific customer base which is attracted by its unique history,
reputation and image. Given the distinct features of the Artland Group’s customer base, the Group considers that its interests are
adequately safeguarded. The day-to-day operations of the Group and the Artland Group are managed by two distinct management
teams except for Sir Dickson Poon who as aforementioned is one of the three board members of AWCL and one of the four board
members of PWCL.


In order to further safeguard the interests of the Group, those directors not interested in this competing business review on a
regular basis the businesses and operations of the Group to ensure that its businesses are run on the basis that they are independent
of, and at arm’s length from, the Artland Group.


Public Float
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the directors as at the date of
this report, the Company has maintained the prescribed amount of public float as required under the Listing Rules at all times up
to the date of this report.




                                                                • 32 •
                                                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Corporate Governance Practices
The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance including promotion of the Company’s
sustainable development. It believes that high standards of corporate governance provide a framework and solid foundation for the
Group to manage business risks, enhance transparency, maintain high standards of accountability and protect shareholders’ interest
in general. The Company recognises that corporate governance practices are fundamental to the smooth, effective and transparent
operation of a company and its ability to attract investment, protect the rights of shareholders and enhance shareholder value.

The Company has applied the principles and complied with all the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”)
as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules throughout the year ended 31st March, 2024 except code provision C.2.1 of
the CG Code as the functions of the Chief Executive Officer are now performed by Sir Dickson Poon, the Group Executive
Chairman. Furthermore, the Company has complied with all applicable requirements and provisions of the Environmental,
Social and Governance Reporting Guide (the “ESG Guide”) as set out in Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules.


Detailed information on the Company’s other corporate governance practices is set out in the Corporate Governance Report on
pages 34 to 51. The Environmental, Social and Governance Report will be published on the website of Hong Kong Exchanges
and Clearing Limited at www.hkexnews.hk and the website of the Company at www.dickson.com.hk in accordance with Rule 4
of the ESG Guide to the Listing Rules.


Independent Auditor
KPMG retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment. A resolution for the re-appointment of KPMG as
independent auditor of the Company is to be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.



                                                                                            By Order of the Board




                                                                                              Dickson Poon
                                                                                         Group Executive Chairman



Hong Kong, 13th June, 2024




                                                              • 33 •
        CO RP O R AT E GOV E RN A N C E RE P O RT



This report describes the Company’s corporate governance practices and explains the application of the principles in the Corporate
Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) throughout the year ended 31st March, 2024 and includes any significant
subsequent events for the period up to the date of this report.


Corporate Governance Practices
The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance including promotion of the Company’s
sustainable development. It believes that high standards of corporate governance provide a framework and solid foundation for
the Company and its subsidiary companies (together the “Group”) to manage business risks, enhance transparency, maintain
high standards of accountability and protect shareholders’ interest in general. The Company recognises that corporate governance
practices are fundamental to the smooth, effective and transparent operation of a company and its ability to attract investment,
protect the rights of shareholders and enhance shareholder value.

The Company has applied the principles and complied with all the code provisions of the CG Code throughout the year ended
31st March, 2024 except code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code as the functions of the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) are now
performed by Sir Dickson Poon, the Group Executive Chairman. Furthermore, the Company has complied with all applicable
requirements and provisions of the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix C2 to the
Listing Rules.


Directors’ Securities Transactions
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Directors’ Model
Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code for securities transactions by the Directors. Amendments will
be made to the Directors’ Model Code from time to time in order to conform with any new amendments made to Appendix C3
to the Listing Rules.

Reminders are issued half-yearly and on ad hoc basis to all Directors to remind them not to deal in the ordinary shares of the
Company during the “Black Out Period” specified in the Directors’ Model Code and any specified periods set by the Company.

Having made specific enquiries of all Directors, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the required standard as set
out in the Directors’ Model Code throughout the year ended 31st March, 2024.




                                                              • 34 •
                                                                       CO RP O R AT E GOV E RN A N C E RE P O RT



Board of Directors
The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of the Company currently comprises the following Directors :-

Executive Directors
Sir Dickson Poon (Group Executive Chairman)
Mr. Poon Dickson Pearson Guanda (Chief Operating Officer)
Mr. Chan Hon Chung, Johnny Pollux
Mr. Lau Yu Hee, Gary

Independent Non-Executive Directors (“INEDs”)
Mr. Bhanusak Asvaintra
Mr. Nicholas Peter Etches
Mr. Fung Yue Ming, Eugene Michael
Ms. Lam Sze Wan Patricia (Appointed with effect from 15th June, 2023)

Ms. Lam Sze Wan Patricia was appointed as an INED and a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company with effect
from 15th June, 2023, the details of which were disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 13th June, 2023.

The biographical details of the Directors and the relevant relationships among them, if any, are set out in the Report of the
Directors on pages 19 to 20.

The Board meets regularly and Board Meetings are held at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals. Regular
Board Meetings of the year are scheduled in advance and at least 14 days’ notice is given to Directors so as to give them an
opportunity to attend. All Directors are given an opportunity to include matters in the agenda for Board Meetings. The Directors
may attend a meeting in person or may participate by means of a conference telephone or similar communication equipment by
means of which all persons participating in the meeting are capable of hearing each other in accordance with the Amended and
Restated Bye-laws of the Company (the “Bye-laws”).




                                                             • 35 •
        CO RP O R AT E GOV E RN A N C E RE P O RT



Four regular Board Meetings and an Annual General Meeting were held during the year ended 31st March, 2024. The attendance
record of each Director at the said meetings during the year ended 31st March, 2024 is set out below :-

		        Number of Meetings Attended / Held
			                                 Annual
		                Board             General
Directors      Meetings            Meeting

Executive Directors
Sir Dickson Poon (Group Executive Chairman)                                                              4/4                   1/1
Mr. Poon Dickson Pearson Guanda (Chief Operating Officer)                                                4/4                   1/1
Mr. Chan Hon Chung, Johnny Pollux                                                                        4/4                   1/1
Mr. Lau Yu Hee, Gary                                                                                     4/4                   1/1

INEDs
Mr. Bhanusak Asvaintra                                                                                   4/4                   1/1
Mr. Nicholas Peter Etches                                                                                4/4                   0/1
Mr. Fung Yue Ming, Eugene Michael                                                                        3/4                   0/1
Ms. Lam Sze Wan Patricia (Appointed with effect from 15th June, 2023)                                    3/3                   1/1

The Board is ultimately accountable for the activities of the Group and responsible for determining those matters which are to be
retained for full Board sanction including, but not limited to, overall strategy and long-term objectives, new business activities,
annual budgets, business plans and financial statements, interim and final results announcements, material acquisitions and
disposals of assets, investments, capital projects and commitments, risk management and internal control systems, major treasury
and funding policies as well as material connected transactions.

The Board establishes the Company’s purpose, values and strategy, and satisfies itself that these and the Company’s culture are
aligned. It has delegated the day-to-day responsibility in respect of management and administrative functions to management
including, but not limited to, implementing and achieving the strategies and objectives set by the Board as well as overseeing
the performance of different business units / departments and monitoring and implementing appropriate and effective risk
management and internal control systems.

To ensure Directors’ contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant, the Company encourages Directors to participate
in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills and understanding of the business
and markets in which the Group operates. Directors are also provided with monthly performance and position updates of the
Group, and information such as performance and key operational highlights to enable the Board as a whole as well as each
Director to discharge their duties. The Company is responsible for providing every newly appointed Director with an induction
and to provide him / her with information and materials relating to his / her responsibilities under applicable statutory and
regulatory requirements. In addition, the Company has provided training materials and web based learning resources on updates
to regulatory matters to the Directors for the year ended 31st March, 2024.

Ms. Lam Sze Wan Patricia had obtained the legal advice from a firm of solicitors qualified to advise on Hong Kong law as regards
the requirements under the Listing Rules that are applicable to her as a newly appointed INED of the Company under Rule 3.09D
of the Listing Rules on 23rd June, 2023 and she has confirmed that she understood her obligations as a director of a listed issuer.

All Directors have participated in appropriate continuous professional development and provided the Company with their records
of training they received during the year ended 31st March, 2024.




                                                              • 36 •
                                                                        CO RP O R AT E GOV E RN A N C E RE P O RT



The records of training the Directors received during the year ended 31st March, 2024 are as follows :-

		                                                                                             Attending
		                                                                                           Conferences,
		                                                                                    Forums, Seminars,                 Reading
		                                                                                  Webcasts / Webinars           Newspapers,
		                                                                                         and / or Other              Journals
Directors                                                                       Professional Development       and / or Updates

Executive Directors
Sir Dickson Poon (Group Executive Chairman)                                                               ✓                   ✓
Mr. Poon Dickson Pearson Guanda (Chief Operating Officer)                                                 ✓                   ✓
Mr. Chan Hon Chung, Johnny Pollux                                                                         ✓                   ✓
Mr. Lau Yu Hee, Gary                                                                                      ✓                   ✓

INEDs
Mr. Bhanusak Asvaintra                                                                                    ✓                   ✓
Mr. Nicholas Peter Etches                                                                                 ✓                   ✓
Mr. Fung Yue Ming, Eugene Michael                                                                         ✓                   ✓
Ms. Lam Sze Wan Patricia (Appointed with effect from 15th June, 2023)                                     ✓                   ✓


Corporate Governance Functions
The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties under the Terms of Reference of Corporate Governance
Functions of the Board. Given below are the main corporate governance duties of the Board :-

(i)    to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations;

(ii)   to review and monitor the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices to ensure compliance with legal and
       regulatory requirements;

(iii) to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and other related rules and disclosure in the Corporate Governance
      Report (the “CG Report”);

(iv) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management;

(v)    to develop, review and monitor the implementation of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy (a summary of which is set out
       in the section headed “Shareholders’ Communication Policy” below) to ensure its effectiveness and make recommendations
       where appropriate to enhance shareholder relationship with the Company;

(vi) to monitor and respond to emerging corporate governance issues and make recommendations where appropriate to further the
     Company’s corporate governance performance; and

(vii) to conform to any requirement and regulation contained in the Bye-laws or imposed from time to time by legislation.




                                                               • 37 •
         CO RP O R AT E GOV E RN A N C E RE P O RT



The corporate governance duties performed by the Board for the year ended 31st March, 2024 were in accordance with the Terms
of Reference of the Corporate Governance Functions of the Board and are summarised below :-

(i)    reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies (including the Anti-corruption Policy, the Inside Information Policy
       and the Whistleblowing Policy) and practices to ensure compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

(ii)   reviewed the Company’s compliance with (a) the CG Code and other related rules; and (b) the mandatory disclosure
       requirements in respect of the CG Report as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules;

(iii) reviewed the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management;

(iv) reviewed the Shareholders’ Communication Policy and its implementation to ensure its effectiveness;

(v)    reviewed the Dividend Policy of the Company; and

(vi) reviewed the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s
     accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions.


Directors’ Responsibilities for Preparing Consolidated Financial Statements
The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities to prepare consolidated financial statements for each half and full financial year
which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group. The Directors’ responsibilities for preparing consolidated
financial statements are set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 52 to 56. The Directors, having made appropriate
enquiries, consider that the Group has adequate resources to continue its operational existence for the foreseeable future and thus
it is appropriate to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the consolidated financial statements.


Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The roles of the Chairman and the CEO are separate and should be performed by different individuals so as to ensure a clear
division between the Chairman’s responsibility to manage the Board and the CEO’s responsibility to manage the Company’s
business. A list setting out the respective responsibilities of the Chairman and the CEO has been adopted by the Company.

However, the functions of the CEO are now performed by Sir Dickson Poon, the Group Executive Chairman, following the
resignation of Mr. Raymond Lee as the CEO of the Company with effect from 1st July, 2014.




                                                               • 38 •
                                                                         CO RP O R AT E GOV E RN A N C E RE P O RT



Independent Non-Executive Directors
During the year ended 31st March, 2024, the Company has fully complied with Rules 3.10 and 3.10A of the Listing Rules regarding
the number of INEDs and the requirement that at least one of these INEDs must have appropriate professional qualifications.

There are currently four INEDs. The terms of office of all the INEDs, subject to earlier determination or retirement by rotation
and re-election at the annual general meeting of the shareholders of the Company in accordance with the Bye-laws and / or
applicable laws and regulations, are fixed for one year renewable on an annual basis.

The Company has received from each of the INEDs their annual confirmation of independence for the year ended 31st March,
2024 and considered that each of the INEDs is independent as each of them has met the independence guidelines for assessing
independence as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

The Company has established mechanisms to ensure that independent views and input are available to the Board. Four of the eight
Directors are INEDs who bring a wide range of business and financial expertise, skills and experience, diversity of perspectives
and independent judgement to the Board. Through active and regular participation in the Board meetings and serving on various
Board committees, the INEDs make various positive and impartial contributions to the Company. All Directors can have access
to external independent professional advice in order to discharge their duties to the Company.


Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee comprises three members and is chaired by Mr. Bhanusak Asvaintra, an INED, with Mr. Chan
Hon Chung, Johnny Pollux, an Executive Director, and Mr. Nicholas Peter Etches, an INED, as members.

The Terms of Reference of the Remuneration Committee has been updated and is aligned with the code provisions of the CG Code.
Given below are the main duties of the Remuneration Committee :-

(i)    to recommend to the Board the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors’ and senior management’s remuneration;

(ii)   to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives;

(iii) to recommend to the Board the remuneration packages of individual Executive Directors and senior management;

(iv) to recommend to the Board the remuneration of Non-Executive Directors;

(v)    to review and approve compensation payable to Executive Directors and senior management for any loss or termination of
       office or appointment; and

(vi) to review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for misconduct.




                                                               • 39 •
         CO RP O R AT E GOV E RN A N C E RE P O RT



A Remuneration Committee Meeting was held during the year ended 31st March, 2024. The attendance record of each member
at the Remuneration Committee Meeting during the year ended 31st March, 2024 is set out below :-

Remuneration Committee Members                                                          Number of Meeting(s) Attended / Held

Mr. Bhanusak Asvaintra (Chairman)                                                                                              1/1
Mr. Chan Hon Chung, Johnny Pollux                                                                                              1/1
Mr. Nicholas Peter Etches                                                                                                      1/1

The work performed by the Remuneration Committee for the year ended 31st March, 2024 was in accordance with the Terms of
Reference of the Remuneration Committee and is summarised below :-

(i)    reviewed the existing remuneration policy (structure and procedure) for all Directors’ and senior management’s remuneration;

(ii)   reviewed and approved the management’s and the Group’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate
       goals and objectives;

(iii) assessed the performance of Executive Directors and recommended the remuneration packages of individual Executive
      Directors and senior management;

(iv) considered Directors’ fees paid by comparable companies and recommended the amount of Director’s fees to be paid to each
     Executive Director for the year ended 31st March, 2024 and reviewed the amount of Director’s fees to be paid to each INED
     for the year ended 31st March, 2024 for shareholders’ approval at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the shareholders
     of the Company to be held on Thursday, 8th August, 2024 (the “2024 AGM”); and

(v)    considered and recommended to the Board not to adopt a new share option scheme of the Company upon expiry of the existing
       share option scheme on 17th July, 2023.




                                                               • 40 •
                                                                          CO RP O R AT E GOV E RN A N C E RE P O RT



The primary aim of the remuneration policy is to enable the Company to motivate and retain Executive Directors and senior
management by comparing their performance against corporate goals and objectives when determining appropriate compensation
to them. The principal elements of the remuneration package include basic salary, discretionary bonus, retirement scheme
contributions and share options, if any. In determining guidelines for each compensation element, the Company refers to the
comparable remuneration standard in the market.

INEDs are compensated with the primary aim to fairly represent their efforts and time dedicated to the Board and the Committee
Meetings. The fees of INEDs are recommended by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed by the Board for shareholders’
approval at the annual general meeting.

In determining the level of Director’s fees of INEDs, account is taken of factors such as directors’ fees paid by comparable
companies, and time commitment and responsibilities of the INEDs. No equity-based remuneration with performance related
elements were granted to INEDs. The level of fees payable to the INEDs is subject to independent review and shareholders’
approval. The Company has a long-established practice of a combined time-based and benchmarked approach in determining
the INEDs’ fees which do not involve equity-based remuneration with performance-related elements.

The amount of remuneration paid to each Director for the year ended 31st March, 2024 is set out in Note 5 on the financial
statements.


Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee currently comprises four members and is chaired by Sir Dickson Poon, the Group Executive
Chairman, with Mr. Bhanusak Asvaintra, Mr. Nicholas Peter Etches and Ms. Lam Sze Wan Patricia (with effect from 15th June,
2023), all INEDs, as members.

The Terms of Reference of the Nomination Committee adopted by the Company is aligned with the code provisions of the
CG Code. Given below are the main duties of the Nomination Committee :-

(i)    to disclose nomination policy, procedures and criteria for nomination of Directors for the Board’s consideration;

(ii)   to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least annually
       and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to implement the Company’s corporate strategy;

(iii) to identify and nominate individuals suitably qualified to become additional Directors or to fill casual vacancies of the Board
      and make recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;

(iv) to assess the independence of INEDs and review the INEDs’ annual confirmations on their independence; and

(v)    to recommend to the Board the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors.




                                                                • 41 •
         CO RP O R AT E GOV E RN A N C E RE P O RT



A regular Nomination Committee Meeting was held during the year ended 31st March, 2024. The attendance record of each
member at the Nomination Committee Meeting during the year ended 31st March, 2024 is set out below :-

Nomination Committee Members                                                             Number of Meeting(s) Attended / Held

Sir Dickson Poon (Chairman)                                                                                                      1/1
Mr. Bhanusak Asvaintra                                                                                                           1/1
Mr. Nicholas Peter Etches                                                                                                        1/1
Ms. Lam Sze Wan Patricia (Appointed with effect from 15th June, 2023)                                                            1/1

The work performed by the Nomination Committee for the year ended 31st March, 2024 was in accordance with the Terms of
Reference of the Nomination Committee and is summarised below :-

(i)    reviewed the Board Diversity Policy (a summary of which is set out in the section headed “Board Diversity Policy” below);

(ii)   reviewed the nomination policy, procedures and criteria for nomination of Directors;

(iii) reviewed the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board to complement the
      Company’s corporate strategy;

(iv) assessed the independence of INEDs and reviewed the INEDs’ annual confirmations on their independence for the year ended
     31st March, 2023 and considered that each of the INEDs is independent as each of them has met the independence guidelines
     for assessing independence as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules;

(v)    noted those Directors who are required to retire from office by rotation (but eligible for re-election) at the 2024 AGM and
       considered succession planning for Directors; and

(vi) recommended to the Board the election of Ms. Lam Sze Wan Patricia to the Board as an INED and a member of the Nomination
     Committee.

The Company has adopted a Director Nomination Policy for the Nomination Committee setting out the approach and procedures
in identifying and evaluating candidates for nomination as Directors to the Board for their consideration. According to the
Director Nomination Policy, the Nomination Committee shall identify and evaluate new candidates for election to the Board
where there is no qualified and available incumbent and shall solicit recommendations from persons that the Committee believes
are likely to be familiar with the qualified candidates or engage a professional search firm to assist in identifying qualified
candidates.

In identifying and recommending candidates for election (or for re-election) to the Board, the Nomination Committee shall
place primary emphasis on (a) character, integrity, expertise, skills and knowledge relevant to the Company’s businesses and
operations; (b) diversity of viewpoints, backgrounds, business / relevant experiences and other demographics; and (c) the extent
to which the interplay of the candidate’s expertise, skills, knowledge and experience with that of other members of the Board to
constitute an active and responsive Board in achieving goals and implementing corporate strategy of the Company.

As to each qualified candidate, the Nomination Committee shall also consider (a) if there is any potential conflicts of interest that
might impede the proper performance of the responsibilities of a Director; (b) his / her ability to apply sound and independent
business judgement; (c) the contribution that the candidate can be expected to make to the overall functioning of the Board; and
(d) the extent to which the membership of the candidate on the Board will promote diversity of experiences among the Directors.

Based on all available information and relevant considerations, the Nomination Committee shall select a candidate who, in the
view of the Nomination Committee, is most suited for membership on the Board.

                                                                • 42 •
                                                                         CO RP O R AT E GOV E RN A N C E RE P O RT



Board Diversity Policy
The Company has adopted and reviewed the Board Diversity Policy. The policy aims to set out the approach to Board diversity
and to ensure that there is broad experience and diversity on the Board.

The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. In
designing the Board’s composition, Board diversity has been considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited to,
gender, age, cultural and educational background, regional and business / professional experience, skills, knowledge and length
of service. All Board appointments will be based on merit against objective criteria with due regard for the benefits of diversity
on the Board.

Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to, gender, age, cultural and
educational background, regional and business / professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate
decision will be based on merit in the context of the Company’s businesses and strategies, and contribution which the selected
candidates will bring to the Board.

The Board currently has one female Director and in compliance with Board gender diversity requirement under Rule 13.92 of the
Listing Rules. We will continue to strive to enhance female representation and achieve an appropriate balance of gender diversity
with reference to the Board Diversity Policy.

The Nomination Committee will consider setting measurable objectives to implement the Board Diversity Policy and review such
objectives from time to time to ensure their appropriateness and ascertain the progress made towards achieving those objectives.

The Group adopted the following measures to develop a pipeline of potential successors to the Board to achieve gender diversity:
(i) engage human resources agencies to identify potential successors; (ii) proactively provide training to our management who
we consider as being potential successors to the Board; and (iii) take into account the factor of gender diversity when recruiting
suitable candidates for our senior management.

The Group aims to provide a diversified working environment. Set out below is a table summarising the gender ratio in our
workforce (including senior management) :-

                                                                                                      As at 31st March, 2024
All staff (including senior management)                                          Total Number of Staff            Proportion

Male                                                                                                  225                    33%
Female                                                                                                458                    67%

Total                                                                                                 683                  100%




                                                               • 43 •
          CO RP O R AT E GOV E RN A N C E RE P O RT



Set out below is a table summarising the gender ratio of our senior management :-

                                                                                                        As at 31st March, 2024
Senior management                                                                  Total Number of Staff            Proportion

Male                                                                                                     46                    53%
Female                                                                                                   40                    47%

Total                                                                                                    86                  100%

As at 31st March, 2024, we have a higher female representation of 67 per cent. in our workforce as female employees for the
time being dominate the retail sector especially in fashion and cosmetic in Hong Kong. The Group is committed to achieving
gender diversity in our workforce by, among other things, standardising our recruitment and interview process, providing equal
learning and development opportunities, and emphasising work-life balance. The Group also proactively provide training to our
employees who we consider as being potential successors to our senior management, and take into account the factor of gender
diversity when recruiting suitable candidates for our senior management.


Audit Committee
The Audit Committee comprises three members and is chaired by Mr. Nicholas Peter Etches, an INED, with Mr. Bhanusak
Asvaintra and Mr. Fung Yue Ming, Eugene Michael, both INEDs, as members.

The Terms of Reference of the Audit Committee adopted by the Company is aligned with the code provisions of the CG Code.
Given below are the main duties of the Audit Committee :-

(i)     to recommend to the Board the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor, and to approve the
        remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor, and to answer any questions of resignation or dismissal of
        those auditors;

(ii)    to monitor the integrity of the Company’s financial statements, annual report and accounts and half-year report and to review
        any significant financial reporting judgements contained therein before submission to the Board, with particular focus on :-

        — any changes in accounting policies and practices;
        — major judgemental areas;
        — significant adjustments resulting from audit;
        — the going concern assumptions and any qualifications;
        — compliance with accounting standards; and
        — compliance with the Listing Rules and legal requirements in relation to financial reporting;

(iii) to review the contents of the representation letter to the external auditor prior to submission to the Board;

(iv) to review the Company’s financial controls, risk management and internal control systems;

(v)     to consider major investigation findings on risk management and internal control matters as delegated by the Board or on
        its own initiative and management’s response to these findings;

(vi) to ensure co-ordination between the internal and external auditors, and to ensure that the internal audit function is adequately
     resourced and has appropriate standing within the Company, and to review and monitor its effectiveness; and

(vii) to review the Group’s financial and accounting policies and practices.

                                                                 • 44 •
                                                                          CO RP O R AT E GOV E RN A N C E RE P O RT



Four Audit Committee Meetings were held during the year ended 31st March, 2024. The attendance record of each member at
the Audit Committee Meetings during the year ended 31st March, 2024 is set out below :-

Audit Committee Members                                                                    Number of Meetings Attended / Held

Mr. Nicholas Peter Etches (Chairman)                                                                                            4/4
Mr. Bhanusak Asvaintra                                                                                                          4/4
Mr. Fung Yue Ming, Eugene Michael                                                                                               3/4

The work performed by the Audit Committee for the year ended 31st March, 2024 was in accordance with the Terms of Reference
of the Audit Committee and is mainly summarised below :-

(i)    reviewed and discussed with Messrs. KPMG, the Independent Auditor of the Company (the “Independent Auditor”), before
       submission to the Board, the Company’s Annual Report and accounts, Interim Report and any significant financial reporting
       judgements contained therein together with the relevant draft Letters of Representation addressed to the Independent Auditor;

(ii)   reviewed the Reports to the Audit Committee for the year ended 31st March, 2023 and for the six months ended 30th September,
       2023 respectively both from the Independent Auditor;

(iii) reviewed the Interim Review Plan to the Audit Committee for the six months ended 30th September, 2023 from the
      Independent Auditor;

(iv) reviewed the Audit Plan and Strategy for the year ended 31st March, 2024 from the Independent Auditor;

(v)    reviewed the announcements of the Company regarding (i) the Group’s final results for the year ended 31st March, 2023; and
       (ii) the Group’s interim results for the six months ended 30th September, 2023;

(vi) reviewed the Company’s quarterly operating results and financial highlights for the three months ended 30th June, 2023 and
     nine months ended 31st December, 2023 respectively;

(vii) reviewed the effectiveness of the internal control systems of the Group covering all material controls, including financial,
      operational, compliance controls and risk management;

(viii) considered the Compliance Certificates for the year ended 31st March, 2023 received from the heads of business units /
       departments and countersigned by the Head of Internal Audit Department;

(ix) considered the CG Report for the year ended 31st March, 2023 as endorsed by the Head of Internal Audit Department;

(x)    considered the quarterly reports from the Head of Internal Audit Department;

(xi) considered the internal audit plan for the next financial year ending 31st March, 2025 from the Head of Internal Audit
     Department;

(xii) reviewed the draft 2022-2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report;

(xiii) reviewed the quarterly reports of the Investment Committee and the Terms of Reference of the Investment Committee;

(xiv) reviewed the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s
      accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions;

(xv) reviewed the Non-assurance Services Pre-approval Policy to be provided by the Independent Auditor; and

(xvi) considered matters relating to the renewals of the continuing connected transactions with the private group companies.


                                                                • 45 •
         CO RP O R AT E GOV E RN A N C E RE P O RT



Investment Committee
The Investment Committee currently comprises three members and is chaired by Sir Dickson Poon, the Group Executive
Chairman, with Mr. Poon Dickson Pearson Guanda and Mr. Chan Hon Chung, Johnny Pollux, both Executive Directors, as
members.

The Company has reviewed and updated the Terms of Reference of the Investment Committee. The purpose of the Investment
Committee is to assist the Board by overseeing and monitoring the Group’s investments and ensuring compliance with all relevant
rules and regulations and governance and audit requirements in relation to the Group’s investment activities. In particular, the
Investment Committee is to assist the Board in :-

(i)    reviewing and approving the acquisition, holding and disposal of investments of the Company within the authority delegated
       by the Board;

(ii)   reviewing performance and valuation of the Group’s investments and advising the Board on its investment of cash, cash
       equivalents and financial assets;

(iii) reviewing investment policies and guidelines and recommending changes it considers appropriate for the Board’s approval;
      and

(iv) ensuring compliance with all relevant rules and regulations, including as regards price sensitive information and disclosure
     or approval in relation to any acquisitions, realisations or other transactions relating to any investments of the Group.

Four regular Investment Committee Meetings were held during the year ended 31st March, 2024. The attendance record of each
member at the Investment Committee Meetings during the year ended 31st March, 2024 is set out below :-

Investment Committee Members                                                             Number of Meetings Attended / Held

Sir Dickson Poon (Chairman)                                                                                                  4/4
Mr. Poon Dickson Pearson Guanda                                                                                              4/4
Mr. Chan Hon Chung, Johnny Pollux                                                                                            4/4




                                                              • 46 •
                                                                         CO RP O R AT E GOV E RN A N C E RE P O RT



The work performed by the Investment Committee for the year ended 31st March, 2024 was in accordance with the Terms of
Reference of the Investment Committee and is summarised below :-

(i)    reviewed the acquisition, holding and disposal of investments of the Group;

(ii)   reviewed the investment strategies of the Group and the performance and valuation of the investment portfolio on
       quarterly basis;

(iii) reviewed the investment policies and guidelines of the Group regarding (a) listed shares; (b) bonds and certificates
      of deposit; (c) unlisted investments; and (d) bank deposits;

(iv) reviewed the risk management, policies and procedures, information flows, reporting lines and lines of defence
     relating to investments;

(v)    requested and received all relevant information relating to investments of the Group;

(vi) reviewed the valuations of investments to be adopted in the year end financial statements including the basis,
     available information and judgements adopted therein; and

(vii) reviewed the Terms of Reference and recommended any changes as appropriate for the Board’s approval.


Auditor’s Remuneration and Auditor Related Matters
During the year ended 31st March, 2024, the fees charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss of the Group for the audit
services provided to the Group by the independent auditor amounted to HK$4,516,000 (2023 : HK$4,451,000), and in addition,
HK$7,000 (2023 : HK$288,000) for other non-statutory audit services such as advisory services.


Independent Auditor’s Reporting Responsibilities
The reporting responsibilities of the Independent Auditor are set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 52 to 56.




                                                               • 47 •
        CO RP O R AT E GOV E RN A N C E RE P O RT



Risk Management and Internal Control
The Board is responsible for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks (including material risks relating to
Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) as detailed in the ESG Report) it is willing to take in achieving the Company’s
strategic objective, and ensuring that the Company establishes and maintains appropriate and effective risk management and
internal control systems (including for ESG-related risks) and reviewing their effectiveness to safeguard the shareholders’
investment and the Group’s assets.

The Group’s risk management and internal control systems are designed to provide reasonable assurance against that material
misstatement or loss can be avoided, and to manage and minimise risks of failure in operational systems.

Apart from annual review of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems by the Board, it
delegates such responsibility of reviewing the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems to
the Audit Committee which monitors the Group’s risk management and internal control systems through the Internal Audit
Department. An ESG working group comprising senior management of the Group is responsible for setting and reviewing
policies and guidelines to address environmental and social matters and reported regularly to the Audit Committee and the Board.
The Anti-corruption Policy and the Whistleblowing Policy have been reviewed and adopted by the Company which shall be
reviewed annually.

The Internal Audit Department performs regular independent reviews of all material controls, including financial, operational
and compliance controls and risk management functions of the Group and evaluates their adequacy and effectiveness on a
continuing basis. The annual audit plan is discussed and agreed by the members of the Audit Committee at the Audit Committee
Meeting every year. A report of major audit findings is submitted quarterly to the members of the Audit Committee for discussion
at the Audit Committee Meeting. The audit reports are then followed-up by the Internal Audit Department to ensure corrective
actions have been taken in respect of findings previously identified and that they have been properly resolved. Internal audits
are designed to provide the Board with reasonable assurance that appropriate and effective risk management and internal control
systems of the Group are implemented for protecting the Group’s assets and identifying business risks.

Apart from the regular independent reviews by the Internal Audit Department, there is an annual compliance review by all the
business units / departments of the Company. For the year under review, various Compliance Certificates were received from the
heads of business units / departments of the Company countersigned by the Head of Internal Audit Department confirming that
the internal control systems have been assessed and compliance reviews have been conducted by the relevant business units /
departments (with the relevant disclosure of matters arising and remedial action taken, if any) and reviewed by the Internal Audit
Department. These Certificates also included confirmation that the internal control procedures of the relevant business units /
departments have been complied with and their internal control systems with the relevant risk assessment are effective and in
compliance with all the relevant statutory requirements and regulations.




                                                              • 48 •
                                                                         CO RP O R AT E GOV E RN A N C E RE P O RT



A model code for securities transactions by relevant employees (the “Relevant Employees’ Model Code”) has been adopted by
the Company which sets out the securities dealing and confidentiality requirements for compliance by all Relevant Employees
(as defined in the Relevant Employees’ Model Code) of the Company which is on no less exacting terms than the Directors’
Model Code. Amendments will be made to the Relevant Employees’ Model Code from time to time in order to conform with any
new amendments made to Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. Among the requirements under the Relevant Employees’ Model
Code, the Relevant Employees who have knowledge of unpublished inside information should take extra care and treat such
information in the strictest confidence. Moreover, the Inside Information Policy has been adopted by the Company which sets
out guidelines to the employees of the Group to ensure inside information is to be disseminated to the public in equal, timely and
effective manner in accordance with the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), the Listing
Rules and all other applicable rules and regulations. In addition, the Company will issue memoranda half-yearly and through the
head of each business unit / department to remind the Relevant Employees of the Company to observe the said securities dealing
and confidentiality requirements under the Relevant Employees’ Model Code and the Inside Information Policy respectively.

The Board has reviewed the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems covering all material
controls, including financial, operational, compliance controls for the year ended 31st March, 2024. The review also covered
the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting,
internal audit and financial reporting functions, as well as those relating to the Company’s ESG performance and reporting. In
view of the above, the Board considered that the Group’s risk management and internal control systems are effective, adequate
and in compliance with the code provisions on risk management and internal control of the CG Code.


Dividend Policy
The Board has reviewed the Dividend Policy for the Company that aims at enhancing transparency of the Company and facilitating
the shareholders of the Company and investors to make informed investment decisions relating to the Company.

The Dividend Policy is to allow shareholders to participate in the Company’s profits whilst retaining adequate reserves for the
Company’s future growth. The Company considers stable and sustainable returns to shareholders to be its goal and endeavours
to maintain its stable Dividend Policy.

In deciding whether to propose any dividend payout and / or determining the amount of any dividend to be paid, the Board shall
take into account a number of factors, including but not limited to :-

(i)    the current and expected financial performance of the Group;

(ii)   the retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the Group;

(iii) the expected working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion plans of the Group;

(iv)   the liquidity position and any future commitments of the Group at the time of declaration of dividend;

(v)    the dividend payout history of the Company;

(vi)   the general economic conditions, business cycle of the Group’s business and other internal or external factors that may
       have an impact on the business, financial performance and position of the Group; and

(vii) the other factors that the Board may consider relevant.




                                                                • 49 •
        CO RP O R AT E GOV E RN A N C E RE P O RT



The recommendation of the payment of dividend is subject to the sole discretion of the Board, and any declaration of the final
dividend for the year will be subject to the approval of the shareholders.

The payment of dividend by the Company is also subject to compliance with all applicable laws and regulations including, but
not limited to, the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), the Laws of Bermuda, and the Company’s
Memorandum of Association (“M&A”) and Bye-laws.

The Board shall review the Dividend Policy from time to time and reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion to update,
amend and / or modify the Dividend Policy at any time. There is no assurance that dividends will be proposed or declared in
respect of any given periods.


Shareholders’ Rights
Pursuant to Bye-law 58 of the Bye-laws, shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of
the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company, on a one vote per fully-paid
share basis, shall at all times have the right, by written requisition (the “Written Requisition”), specifying the proposed resolution
(the “Proposed Resolution”) accompanied by a statement in respect of the matter referred to in the Proposed Resolution, to the
Board or the Company Secretary of the Company at its Head Office, to request the Board to include the Proposed Resolution in
the agenda for the annual general meeting of the shareholders or to require a special general meeting of the shareholders (the
“SGM”) of the Company to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business or resolution specified in such Written
Requisition; and such SGM of the Company shall be held in the form of a physical meeting only and within two (2) months after
deposit of such Written Requisition.

Shareholders and other stakeholders may at any time send their written enquiries and concerns by post, fax or email to the Board
by addressing them to the Company Secretary of the Company at its Head Office as follows :-

The Company Secretary
Dickson Concepts (International) Limited
4th Floor, East Ocean Centre,
98 Granville Road,
Tsimshatsui East,
Kowloon,
Hong Kong.
Fax No.: +852 2301 0315
Email Address: enquire@dickson.com.hk




                                                                • 50 •
                                                                          CO RP O R AT E GOV E RN A N C E RE P O RT



Investor Relations and Communication with Shareholders
The Company has established a range of communication channels to ensure fair disclosure and comprehensive and transparent
reporting of its performance and activities. These include announcements and notices, Interim Reports, Annual Reports and
circulars which are sent to the shareholders from time to time. Moreover, institutional investors and / or analysts briefings
and / or one-on-one meetings are arranged as appropriate to keep them abreast of the Company’s development. In order to promote
effective communication, the Company maintains its website at www.dickson.com.hk on which press releases, announcements
and notices, M&A and Bye-laws, procedures for shareholders to put forward proposals for election of a person (other than the
Retiring Director) as a Director, financial and other information relating to the Company and its businesses are disclosed.

Pursuant to Rule 13.39(4) of the Listing Rules, any vote of shareholders at a general meeting must be taken by poll. The
Chairman of the general meeting will therefore demand a poll for each resolution to be proposed at the general meeting. The poll
results will be published on the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited at www.hkexnews.hk and the website of
the Company at www.dickson.com.hk (the “Websites”) in accordance with Rule 2.07C of the Listing Rules as soon as possible
after conclusion of the general meeting, but in any event not later than the time that is 30 minutes before the earlier of either the
commencement of the morning trading session or any pre-opening session on the business day following the general meeting.
The Directors and the Independent Auditor will also attend the annual general meetings of the shareholders of the Company to
answer shareholders’ questions, if any.


Shareholders’ Communication Policy
The Company has adopted and updated the Shareholders’ Communication Policy. The policy aims to promote effective
communication with shareholders and other stakeholders, to ensure effective and timely dissemination of information to
shareholders, and enable shareholders to exercise their rights as shareholders effectively. Shareholders are encouraged to attend
the general meetings of the Company or to appoint proxies to attend and vote at meetings for and on their behalf if they are
unable to attend the meeting. Shareholders should direct their enquiries relating to the Company to the Board by mail to the
Company’s Head Office for the attention of the Company Secretary, and should direct their questions about their shareholdings to
the Company’s Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar. The Board considers the policy and its implementation are effective because
the policy provides effective channels for shareholders to communicate their views with the Company and the Company has
complied with principles and required practices set out in the policy.


Constitutional Documents
The Company’s M&A and Bye-laws, in both English and Chinese, are available on the Websites. There was no change to the
M&A and Bye-laws of the Company during the year ended 31st March, 2024.




                                                                                              By Order of the Board




                                                                                                Dickson Poon
                                                                                           Group Executive Chairman



Hong Kong, 13th June, 2024




                                                                • 51 •
        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the Shareholders of Dickson Concepts (International) Limited
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Dickson Concepts (International) Limited (“the Company”) and
its subsidiaries (“the Group”) set out on pages 57 to 121, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position
as at 31st March, 2024, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the
year then ended and notes, comprising material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31st March, 2024 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (“the Code”) together with any ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated
financial statements in Bermuda, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements
and the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters.

Valuation of inventories
Refer to note 13 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in note 1(h) to the consolidated financial
statements.
The key audit matter                                               How the matter was addressed in our audit
Sales of inventories of luxury goods, including apparel and Our audit procedures to assess the valuation of inventories
watches, can be volatile due to changing fashion trends, included the following:
consumer demand and retail market sentiment, in particular
under the current economic environment in Hong Kong.            • assessing the Group’s policy for making provision for
                                                                  inventories with reference to the requirements of the
The Group primarily sells luxury goods through its retail and     prevailing accounting standards;
distribution network in Hong Kong and Taiwan. The changing
tastes and patterns of consumption of customers require • assessing whether the inventory provision at the reporting
the Group to periodically review its inventory portfolio and      date was consistent with the Group’s inventory provisioning
dispose of off-season inventories at a markdown from their        policy by recalculating the inventory provision based on the
original prices to maintain the strength of the brand and make    percentages of inventory cost and other parameters in the
room for new season inventories in its stores. Accordingly, the   Group’s inventory provisioning policy;
actual future selling prices of certain items of inventory may
fall below their purchase costs.

                                                               • 52 •
                                                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




The Executive Directors and senior members of the sales • assessing, on a sample basis, whether items in the inventory
team review the full inventory list regularly to identify       ageing report were classified within the appropriate ageing
inventories which may need to be discounted in order            bracket by comparing individual items with the underlying
to increase their chances of being sold. Key data used          packing lists;
in this review process includes (i) sales volume history
in the various regions; (ii) ageing patterns of inventories; • comparing the carrying amount of the inventories at the
(iii) physical condition of inventories reported by the store   reporting date to their net realisable value through review of
managers; and (iv) recommended selling prices set by brand      sales of inventories subsequent to the reporting date;
owners.
                                                              • assessing the historical accuracy of management’s assessment
We identified the valuation of inventories as a key audit       of inventory write-downs and whether there is any indication
matter because of the significant judgement required to be      of management bias by examining the sales or release of the
exercised by management in determining an appropriate           inventory write-downs recorded at the end of the previous
level of inventory provision, which involves predicting the     financial year during the year;
amounts of inventories which will be unsold at the end of
each reporting period and the discounts necessary to offer in • assessing the Group’s inventory provisioning policy by
order to sell such off-season inventories through outlets and   comparing management’s forecasts of the amounts of
other channels in the following years. Both of these factors    inventories within each age bracket which will be unsold at
can be inherently uncertain.                                    the end of each reporting period with historical sales data for
                                                                the current and prior years; and

                                                                   • comparing inventory balances by season or ageing, where
                                                                     applicable, with respective balances in prior years and
                                                                     movements by season or ageing, where applicable, against
                                                                     historical movements to identify inventories which are
                                                                     relatively slow moving.


Impairment of right-of-use assets and property, plant and equipment of retail stores
Refer to notes 10, 11 and 29(b) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in note 1(g)(ii).
The key audit matter                                               How the matter was addressed in our audit
The cost of renting retail store premises is a significant component Our audit procedures to assess the potential impairment of
of the Group’s operating cash flows. The non-cancellable right-of-use assets and property, plant and equipment of retail
operating leases for the retail store premises typically run for an stores included the following:
initial period of one to eight years.
                                                                     • evaluating management’s identification of impairment
The current economic environment in Hong Kong has impacted             indicators and cash-generating units as well as considering
customer numbers and spending power, causing fluctuations in           whether the discounted cash flow forecasts on a store-by-
sales of the Group’s retail stores during the lease term. Therefore,   store basis supported the carrying value of the relevant
there is a risk that the carrying value of right-of-use assets and     assets. We also considered whether the Group’s impairment
property, plant and equipment of certain retail stores may not be      assessment indicated that a reversal of a past impairment loss
recoverable in full through the future cash flows to be generated      was required;
from the operations of those retail stores.
                                                                    • assessing the methodology adopted by management in its
                                                                      impairment assessments with reference to the requirements
Management reviews the performance of individual retail stores
                                                                      of the prevailing accounting standards;
at the end of each reporting period to identify if any retail store
displays negative performance indicators which could indicate
                                                                    • evaluating the discounted cash flow forecast prepared by
impairment.                                                           management by comparing the most significant inputs used in
                                                                         the discounted cash flow forecasts, including future revenue,
                                                                         gross profit margins, staff costs and rental payments, with
                                                                         the historical performance of these retail stores;



                                                                • 53 •
        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



We identified the impairment of right-of-use assets and property, • evaluating the discount rates used in the discounted cash
plant and equipment of retail stores to be a key audit matter           flow forecasts by benchmarking against other similar listed
because estimates of future cash flows and profits of the retail        retailers and taking into consideration location and company
stores are inherently uncertain and determining the recoverable         specific risk premiums;
amounts of the right-of-use assets and property, plant and
equipment of the retail stores, if any, involves a significant degree • performing a sensitivity analysis of discount rates and
of management judgement.                                                considering the resulting impact on the impairment charge
                                                                        and whether there is any indication of management bias;

                                                                    • enquiring of the Executive Directors and senior members of
                                                                      the sales team about any plans for retail store closures; and

                                                                    • assessing the reasonableness of the Group’s disclosures in the
                                                                      consolidated financial statements in respect of impairment
                                                                      testing of right-of-use assets and property, plant and
                                                                      equipment of retail stores, with reference to the requirements
                                                                      of the prevailing accounting standards.


Information other than the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report thereon
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in the
annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and
for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial
reporting process.




                                                                • 54 •
                                                                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. This report is
made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
  design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
  to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
  one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations or the override of
  internal control.

• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
  circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures
  made by the directors.

• Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
  obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s
  ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in
  our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to
  modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However,
  future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and
  whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
  presentation.

• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the
  Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
  performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                • 55 •
       INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences
of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Cheng Pui Ngar.




                                                                                                 KPMG
                                                                                      Certified Public Accountants
                                                                                      8th Floor, Prince’s Building
                                                                                             10 Chater Road
                                                                                           Central, Hong Kong

Hong Kong, 13th June, 2024




                                                            • 56 •
                                                    CO N S O L I DAT E D S TAT E M E N T O F P RO F I T O R LO SS
                                                                       F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 1 ST M A R C H , 2 0 2 4



				                                                                                                 2024                      2023
			 NOTE                                                                                          HK$’000                   HK$’000


Revenue        2                                                                                 2,400,137                  2,130,785
Cost of sales		                                                                                 (1,302,226)                (1,134,673)


Gross profit		
             1,097,911 996,112


Other income / (loss)              3                                                                 79,728                   (25,941)
				
Selling and distribution expenses		                                                               (572,860)                  (495,719)
Administrative expenses		                                                                         (150,512)                  (133,569)
Other operating expenses		                                                                         (32,351)                   (15,791)


Operating profit 		                          421,916  325,092
				
Finance costs		                              (66,543) (50,716)
				
Profit before taxation                     4 355,373  274,376
Taxation                                   7  (4,606) (21,739)
				
Profit for the year attributable to equity			
  shareholders of the Company		              350,767  252,637


Earnings per share (basic and diluted)                                    9                      89.0 cents                64.1 cents


The notes on pages 63 to 121 form part of these financial statements. Details of dividends payable to equity shareholders of the
Company are set out in Note 8.




                                                             • 57 •
          CO N S O L I D AT E D S TAT E M E N T O F P R O F I T O R L O S S A N D O T H E R CO M P R E H E N S I V E I N CO M E
          F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 1 ST M A R C H , 2 0 2 4



				                                                                                                   2024                   2023
				                                                                                                HK$’000                HK$’000


Profit for the year		                                                                                350,767                 252,637
                                                                                                ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣           ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
				
Other comprehensive income for the year :
  Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss :


		 Remeasurement of net defined benefit assets		                                                          (20)                    1,108
				
  Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss :


		 Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of
			 subsidiary and associated companies outside Hong Kong (Note)		                                    (22,250)               (24,513)


Other comprehensive income for the year		     (22,270)                                                                       (23,405)
                                         ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣                                                                  ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣

Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to
  equity shareholders of the Company		                  328,497                                                              229,232


Note :-


There is no tax effect relating to the above component of the other comprehensive income.


The notes on pages 63 to 121 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                     • 58 •
                                             CO N S O L I DAT E D S TAT E M E N T O F F I N A N C I A L P O SI T I O N
                                                                                             AT 3 1 ST M A R C H , 2 0 2 4



			                                     2024      2023
		                              NOTE HK$’000  HK$’000
Non-current assets			
  Property, plant and equipment  10    63,083    76,606
  Right-of-use assets            11   212,017   275,971
  Deposits and prepayments       14    60,969    76,816
  Other financial assets         12   476,751 1,284,856

			                                                                                           812,820                  1,714,249

Current assets			
 Inventories                        13    199,716   187,442
 Debtors, deposits and prepayments  14    208,073   146,992
 Tax recoverable                   7(c)    13,583     2,988
 Other financial assets             12    654,628   280,410
 Cash and bank balances             15  3,469,605 3,267,883

			                                                                                          4,545,605                 3,885,715
                                                                                          ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣             ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
Current liabilities			
 Bank loans                          16  799,093 1,005,553
 Creditors, accruals and provisions  17  369,121   385,626
 Lease liabilities                   18  163,647   244,150
 Taxation                           7(c)  49,271    54,281

			                                                                                          1,381,132                 1,689,610
                                                                                          ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣             ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
Net current assets		
                   3,164,473 2,196,105

Total assets less current liabilities		  3,977,293     3,910,354
                                      ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣ ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
Non-current liabilities				
 Creditors and provisions  17    37,156  54,373
 Lease liabilities         18   347,993 445,721
 Deferred tax liabilities 19(a)  20,408  21,166

Total non-current liabilities		    405,557       521,260
                              ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣ ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
Net assets		
           3,571,736 3,389,094

Capital and reserves			
 Share capital       20   118,261   118,261
 Reserves            21 3,453,475 3,270,833

Total equity attributable to equity
  shareholders of the Company		                                                              3,571,736                 3,389,094

Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 13th June, 2024.




     Dickson Poon                                        Chan Hon Chung, Johnny Pollux
Group Executive Chairman                                       Executive Director


The notes on pages 63 to 121 form part of these financial statements.

                                                              • 59 •
        CO N S O L I DAT E D S TAT E M E N T O F C H A N G E S I N EQ U I T Y
        F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 1 ST M A R C H , 2 0 2 4


		                                                                      Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
		                                                         Share                 Share       Exchange        Retained
		                                                        capital             premium           reserve         profits      Total
		                                                       HK$’000              HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000
		                                                          (Note 20)        (Note 21(a)(i))   (Note 21(a)(ii))

Balance at 1st April, 2023                                 118,261               502,561           101,537        2,666,735    3,389,094

Dividends approved / paid in respect of
 prior year (Note 8(b))
 – by means of cash                                                –                      –                  –     (106,435)    (106,435)

Dividends declared / paid in respect of
 the current year (Note 8(a))
 – by means of cash                                                –                      –                  –      (39,420)     (39,420)

Profit for the year                                                –                      –                  –     350,767      350,767

Other comprehensive income for the year                            –                      –        (22,250)             (20)     (22,270)

Balance at 31st March, 2024                                118,261               502,561            79,287        2,871,627    3,571,736


		                                                                 Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
		                                                          Share             Share        Exchange          Retained
		                                                         capital        premium             reserve          profits            Total
		                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000
		                                                          (Note 20)        (Note 21(a)(i))   (Note 21(a)(ii))

Balance at 1st April, 2022                                  118,261              502,561           126,050        2,550,961    3,297,833

Dividends approved / paid in respect of
 prior year (Note 8(b))
 – by means of cash                                                –                      –                  –     (106,435)    (106,435)

Dividends declared / paid in respect of
 the current year (Note 8(a))
 – by means of cash                                                –                      –                  –      (31,536)     (31,536)

Profit for the year                                                –                      –                  –      252,637     252,637

Other comprehensive income for the year                            –                      –         (24,513)          1,108      (23,405)

Balance at 31st March, 2023                                 118,261              502,561           101,537        2,666,735    3,389,094


The notes on pages 63 to 121 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                        • 60 •
                                              CO N S O L I DAT E D C A SH F LOW S TAT E M E N T
                                                      F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 1 ST M A R C H , 2 0 2 4



                                                               2024                                 2023
					                                NOTE            HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000

Profit before taxation		                                  355,373 		274,376
Adjustments for :-					
  Depreciation – property, plant and
		 equipment                                          4    31,536 		27,263
  Depreciation – right-of-use assets                  4   100,516 		100,995
  Impairment loss on property, plant and
		 equipment recognised                               4     5,000 		5,000
  Impairment loss on right-of-use assets
		 recognised                                         4    40,000 		30,000
  Interest income                                     3   (94,813)		 (52,793)
  Interest on bank loans                            4, 22  48,617 		34,782
  Interest on lease liabilities                     4, 22  17,926 		15,934
  (Gain) / loss on disposal of property,
		 plant and equipment                                3      (978)		57
  Net gain on disposal of right-of-use assets and
		 lease liabilities		                                          – 		(8)
  Net impairment loss on listed debt securities
		 measured at amortised cost
		 recognised / (written back)                        3     1,620 		(1,184)
  Net realised loss on listed debt securities
		 measured at amortised cost                         3       878 		3,697
  Net foreign exchange loss / (gain) on listed debt
		 securities measured at amortised cost		                  3,809 		(3,662)
  Net realised and unrealised loss on
		 unlisted equity and non-equity securities          3     1,697 		  85,913

Operating profit before changes
  in working capital                             511,181 		520,370
					
Increase in inventories		                        (18,955)		(28,115)
Increase in debtors, deposits and
  prepayments		                                  (44,413)		(17,650)
Decrease in other financial assets
  – listed equity securities held for trading		        – 		87,997
(Decrease) / increase in creditors, accruals and
  provisions		                                   (40,421)		 11,587
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes		         (1,776)		(2,807)

Cash generated from operations		                      405,616 		571,382

Hong Kong profits tax paid (net) 		                   (10,890)		(68,010)
Tax paid outside Hong Kong (net)		                     (9,082)		(6,830)

Net cash generated from operating activities			                         385,644 		496,542




                                            • 61 •
        CO N S O L I DAT E D C A SH F LOW S TAT E M E N T
        F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 1 ST M A R C H , 2 0 2 4


                                                                                        2024                       2023
					                                                         NOTE            HK$’000          HK$’000   HK$’000          HK$’000

Investing activities					
Payment for purchase of property, plant and
  equipment                                    (24,422)		(48,403)
Payment for purchase of other financial assets (47,100)		(38,695)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and
  equipment		                                    1,045 		31
Net proceeds from sale / redemption of other
  financial assets		                           472,208 		248,484
Interest received		                             94,813 		52,793
Decrease / (increase) in bank deposits with
  original maturity over three months		        109,900 		 (109,900)

Net cash generated from investing activities			                                                 606,444 		104,310

Financing activities					
Net repayment of bank loans            22 (206,460)		(114,602)
Capital element of lease rentals paid  22 (248,794)		(288,177)
Interest element of lease rentals paid 22  (17,185)		(16,094)
Interest paid                          22  (48,617)		(34,782)
Dividends paid		                          (145,855)		 (137,971)

Net cash used in financing activities			                                                       (666,911)		                (591,626)

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents			325,177 		9,226

Cash and cash equivalents at 1st April 			
                                         3,157,983 		3,165,356

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes		                                                       (13,555)		                 (16,599)

Cash and cash equivalents at 31st March                            15		                        3,469,605 		3,157,983

The notes on pages 63 to 121 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                     • 62 •
                                                               N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



1. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting
  Standards (“HKFRSs”), which collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting
  Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
  Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the disclosure
  requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These financial statements also comply with the applicable
  disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of
  Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). Material accounting policies adopted by the Group are disclosed below.


  Changes in accounting policies
  (i) New and amended HKFRSs
      The HKICPA has issued certain amendments to HKFRSs that are first effective or available for early adoption for the
      current accounting period of the Group. None of these developments have had a material effect on how the Group’s
      results and financial positon for the current or prior periods have been prepared or presented in these financial
      statements.


         The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting
         period (see Note 32).


  (ii)   New HKICPA guidance on the accounting implications of the abolition of the MPF-LSP offsetting mechanism
         In June 2022, the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (the “Government”) gazetted the
         Hong Kong Employment and Retirement Schemes Legislation (Offsetting Arrangement) (Amendment) Ordinance
         2022 (the “Amendment Ordinance”), which will come into effect from 1st May, 2025 (the “Transition Date”).
         Once the Amendment Ordinance takes effect, an employer can no longer use any of the accrued benefits derived
         from its mandatory contributions to mandatory provident fund (“MPF”) scheme to reduce the long service payment
         (“LSP”) in respect of an employee’s service from the Transition Date (the abolition of the “offsetting mechanism”).
         In addition, the LSP in respect of the service before the Transition Date will be calculated based on the employee’s
         monthly salary immediately before the Transition Date and the years of service up to that date.


         In July 2023, the HKICPA published “Accounting implications of the abolition of the MPF-LSP offsetting mechanism
         in Hong Kong” that provides accounting guidance relating to the offsetting mechanism and the abolition of such
         mechanism. In particular, the guidance indicates that entities may account for the accrued benefits derived from
         mandatory MPF contributions that are expected to be used to reduce the LSP payable to an employee as deemed
         contributions by that employee towards the LSP.


         However, applying this approach, upon the enactment of the Amendment Ordinance in June 2022, it is no longer
         permissible to apply the practical expedient in paragraph 93(b) of HKAS 19 that previously allowed such deemed
         contributions to be recognised as reduction of service cost (negative service cost) in the period the contributions were
         made; instead these deemed contributions should be attributed to periods of service in the same manner as the gross
         LSP benefit.




                                                            • 63 •
     N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



1. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d)
   Changes in accounting policies (cont’d)
   (ii) New HKICPA guidance on the accounting implications of the abolition of the MPF-LSP offsetting mechanism (cont’d)
        To better reflect the substance of the abolition of the offsetting mechanism, the Group has changed its accounting policy
        in connection with its LSP liabilities and has applied the aforesaid HKICPA guidance. The cessation of applying the
        practical expedient in paragraph 93(b) of HKAS 19 in conjunction with the enactment of the Amendment Ordinance
        in June 2022 resulted in a catch-up profit or loss adjustment for the service cost up to that date and consequential
        impacts on current service cost, interest expense and remeasurement effects from changes in actuarial assumptions
        for the rest of FY2022/2023, with the corresponding adjustment to the comparative carrying amount of the LSP
        liability. However, considering the amount of the catch-up profit or loss adjustment was immaterial, the Group did
        not restate the comparative figure for the consolidated financial statements. This change in accounting policy did not
        have a material impact on how the Group’s results and financial position for the current or prior periods have been
        prepared or presented.


   (a)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements
         The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31st March, 2024 comprise the Company and its subsidiary
         companies (together referred to as the “Group”).


         The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost basis except as
         otherwise stated in the accounting policies set out below.


         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires management to make judgements,
         estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and
         expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that
         are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements
         about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may
         differ from these estimates.


         The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
         recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the
         revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


         Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRSs that have significant effect on the financial statements
         and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in Note 29.




                                                              • 64 •
                                                                N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



1. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d)
   (b)   Subsidiary companies and non-controlling interests
         Subsidiary companies are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has
         rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its
         power over the entity. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and
         other parties) are considered.


         An investment in a subsidiary company is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that
         control commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any
         unrealised profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial
         statements. Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised
         gains but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.


         Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary company not attributable directly or indirectly to the
         Company, and in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests
         which would result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the
         definition of a financial liability. For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling
         interest either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the subsidiary company’s net
         identifiable assets.


         Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately
         from equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the
         Group are presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit
         or loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for
         the year between non-controlling interests and the equity shareholders of the Company.


         Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary company that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as
         equity transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
         consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or
         loss is recognised.


         When the Group loses control of a subsidiary company, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that
         subsidiary company, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Any
         interest retained in that former subsidiary company at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this
         amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 1(d)) or, when appropriate, the
         cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associated company (see Note 1(c)).


         In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary company is stated at cost less
         impairment losses (see Note 1(g)).




                                                             • 65 •
     N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



1. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d)
   (c)   Associated company
         An associated company is an entity in which the Group or the Company has significant influence, but not control or
         joint control, over its management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.


         An investment in an associated company is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity
         method. Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s
         share of the acquisition-date fair values of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if
         any). Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post-acquisition change in the Group’s share of the investee’s net
         assets and any impairment loss relating to the investment (see Note 1(g)). Any acquisition-date excess over cost,
         the Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the investees and any impairment losses for the year are
         recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, whereas the Group’s share of the post-acquisition post-tax
         items of the investees’ other comprehensive income is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
         other comprehensive income.


         When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associated company, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil
         and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
         obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s interest is the carrying amount
         of the investment under the equity method together with the Group’s long-term interests that in substance form part
         of the Group’s net investment in the associated company.


         Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associated company are eliminated
         to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment
         of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


         When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associated company, it is accounted for as a disposal
         of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in the consolidated statement of
         profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence is lost is recognised
         at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 1(d)).


   (d)   Other investments in debt and equity securities
         The Group’s policies for investments in debt and equity securities, other than investments in subsidiary companies
         and an associated company are set out below.


         Investments in debt and equity securities are recognised / derecognised on the date the Group commits to purchase / sell
         the investment. The investments are initially stated at fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs, except for
         those investments measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”) for which transaction costs are recognised
         directly in profit or loss. For an explanation of how the Group determines fair value of financial instruments, see Note 28.
         These investments are subsequently accounted for as follows, depending on their classification.




                                                              • 66 •
                                                              N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



1. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d)
   (d)   Other investments in debt and equity securities (cont’d)
         Investments other than equity investments
         Non-equity investments held by the Group are classified into one of the following measurement categories :-


         —    amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows which represent solely
              payments of principal and interest. Interest income from the investment is calculated using the effective interest
              method (see Note 1(q)(iii)).


         —    fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) – recycling, if the contractual cash flows of the
              investment comprise solely payments of principal and interest and the investment is held within a business
              model whose objective is achieved by both the collection of contractual cash flows and sale. Changes in fair
              value are recognised in other comprehensive income, except for the recognition in profit or loss of expected
              credit losses (“ECLs”), interest income (calculated using the effective interest method) and foreign exchange
              gains and losses. When the investment is derecognised, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive
              income is recycled from equity to profit or loss.


         —    FVPL if the investment does not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVOCI (recycling).
              Changes in the fair value of the investment (including interest) are recognised in profit or loss.


         Equity investments
         An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL unless the equity investment is not held for trading
         purpose and on initial recognition of the investment the Group makes an election to designate the investment at FVOCI
         (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income. Such
         elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be made if the investment meets the
         definition of equity from the issuer’s perspective. Where such an election is made, the amount accumulated in
         other comprehensive income remains in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) until the investment is disposed of.
         At the time of disposal, the amount accumulated in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to retained
         earnings. It is not recycled through profit or loss. Dividends from an investment in equity securities, irrespective
         of whether classified as at FVPL or FVOCI, are recognised in profit or loss as revenue in accordance with the
         policy set out in Note 1(q)(v).




                                                            • 67 •
         N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



1. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d)
   (e)      Derivative financial instruments
            Derivative financial instruments are recognised initially at fair value. At the end of each reporting period the fair
            value is remeasured. The gain or loss on remeasurement to fair value is recognised immediately in the consolidated
            statement of profit or loss.

   (f)      Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and depreciation
            Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets (see Note 1(i)) are stated at cost less aggregate depreciation and
            impairment losses (see Note 1(g)).

            Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment, less their estimated residual
            value, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives as follows :-

            Leasehold land and buildings                           50 years or the remaining lease term whichever is shorter
            Leasehold improvements                                 4 - 10 years or the remaining lease term whichever is shorter
            Furniture, fixtures, equipment and others              3 - 10 years
            Right-of-use assets                                    over the remaining lease term

            Both the useful life of an asset and its residual value, if any, are reviewed annually.

            Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are determined
            as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item and are recognised in the
            consolidated statement of profit or loss on the date of retirement or disposal.




                                                                • 68 •
                                                               N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



1. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d)
   (g)   Credit losses and impairment of assets
         (i) Credit losses from financial instruments
             The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECLs on financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash
             and bank deposits, held-to-maturity debt securities, trade and other receivables).

              Other financial assets measured at fair value, including equity securities measured at FVPL and derivative
              financial assets, are not subject to the expected credit loss (“ECL”) assessment.

              Measurement of ECLs
              ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of
              all expected cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the Group in accordance with the
              contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).

              The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following discount rates where the effect of discounting is
              material :-

             — fixed-rate financial assets and trade and other receivables: effective interest rate determined at initial
               recognition or an approximation thereof; and
             — variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate.

              The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the
              Group is exposed to credit risk.

              In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is available
              without undue cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of
              future economic conditions.

              ECLs are measured on either of the following bases :-

             — 12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events within the 12 months
               after the reporting date; and
             — lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over the expected
               lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

              Loss allowances from trade debtors are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these
              financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience,
              adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the current and forecast general
              economic conditions at the reporting date.

              For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless there
              has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in which case
              the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.




                                                            • 69 •
     N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



1. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d)
   (g)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (cont’d)
         (i) Credit losses from financial instruments (cont’d)
             Significant increases in credit risk
             In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition,
             the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument assessed at the reporting date with
             that assessed at the date of initial recognition. In making this reassessment, the Group considers that a default
             event occurs when (i) the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse
             by the Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held); or (ii) the financial asset is 90 days past due.
             The Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including
             historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

              In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased
              significantly since initial recognition :-

              — failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;
              — an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or internal credit rating (if
                available);
              — an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and
              — existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have a
                significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to the Group.

              Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk is
              performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed on a collective
              basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as past due status
              and credit risk ratings.

              ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instruments’ credit risk since initial
              recognition. Any change in the ECLs amount is recognised as an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss. The
              Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment to
              their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.




                                                             • 70 •
                                                               N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



1. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d)
   (g)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (cont’d)
         (i) Credit losses from financial instruments (cont’d)
             Basis of calculation of interest income
             Interest income recognised in accordance with Note 1(q)(iii) is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of
             the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based
             on the amortised cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the financial asset.

              At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial asset is
              credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of
              the financial asset have occurred.

              Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events :-

              — significant financial difficulties of the debtor;
              — a breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal payments;
              — it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;
              — significant changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have an adverse effect
                on the debtor; or
              — the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the issuer.

              Write-off policy
              The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there
              is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group determines that the debtor does
              not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the
              write-off.

              Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of impairment in
              profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.




                                                             • 71 •
     N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



1. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d)
   (g)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (cont’d)
         (ii) Impairment of other non-current assets
              Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to identify
              indications that the following assets may be impaired or an impairment loss previously recognised no longer
              exists or may have decreased :-

             — property, plant and equipment;
             — right-of-use assets; and
             — investments in subsidiary companies and an associated company in the Company’s statement of financial
               position.

             If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated.

             — Calculation of recoverable amount
               The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In
               assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
               discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to
               the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely independent of those from other assets, the
               recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows independently
               (i.e. a cash-generating unit).


             — Recognition of impairment losses
               An impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss if the carrying amount of an
               asset, or the cash-generating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses
               recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill
               allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and then, to reduce the carrying amount of the other
               assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the carrying value of an asset will not be
               reduced below its individual fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable) or value in use (if determinable).

             — Reversals of impairment losses
               An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a favourable change in the estimates used to determine the
               recoverable amount.


                 A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would have been determined
                 had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals of impairment losses are credited to the
                 consolidated statement of profit or loss in the year in which the reversals are recognised.




                                                            • 72 •
                                                               N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



1. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d)
   (g)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (cont’d)
         (iii) Interim financial reporting and impairment
               Under the Listing Rules, the Group is required to prepare an interim financial report in compliance with
               HKAS 34, Interim financial reporting, in respect of the first six months of the financial year. At the end of the
               interim period, the Group applies the same impairment testing, recognition, and reversal criteria as it would
               at the end of the financial year (see Notes 1(g)(i) and (ii)).


   (h)   Inventories
         Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

         Cost is calculated using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method or weighted average method as appropriate and comprises
         all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location
         and condition.

         Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of
         completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

         When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognised as an expense in the year in which
         the related revenue is recognised. The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realisable value and all losses
         of inventories are recognised as an expense in the year the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of
         any write-down of inventories is recognised as a reduction in the amount of inventories recognised as an expense in
         the year in which the reversal occurs.

   (i)   Leased assets
         At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains,
         a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
         consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of the identified asset and
         to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

         (i)   As a lessee
               Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the Group has elected not to
               separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and any associated non-lease components
               as a single lease component for all leases.

               At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use assets and a lease liability, except for
               short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets which, for the Group
               are primarily office equipment. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the Group
               decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments associated with those
               leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a systematic basis over the lease term.




                                                             • 73 •
         N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



1. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d)
   (i)      Leased assets (cont’d)
            (i) As a lessee (cont’d)
                 Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease payments
                 payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be
                 readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, the lease liability is
                 measured at amortised cost and interest expense is calculated using the effective interest method. Variable lease
                 payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of the lease liability and
                 hence are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period in which they are incurred.

                 The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which comprises the
                 initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, and
                 any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-of-use assets also includes an estimate
                 of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which
                 it is located, discounted to their present value, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is
                 subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see Note 1(g)(ii)).

                 The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an
                 index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual
                 value guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment of whether the Group will be reasonably
                 certain to exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this
                 way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit
                 or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

                 The Group presents right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately in the consolidated statement of financial
                 position.

            (ii) As a lessor
                 When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an
                 operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards
                 incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the case, the lease is classified as
                 an operating lease.




                                                                 • 74 •
                                                                N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



1. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d)
   (j)   Trade and other receivables
         Trade and other receivables are recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration.
         A right to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
         consideration is due.

         Trade and other receivables are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method less allowance for credit
         losses (see Note 1(g)(i)).

   (k)   Interest-bearing borrowings
         Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition,
         interest-bearing borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense is
         recognised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy for borrowing costs (see Note 1(s)).

   (l)   Trade and other payables
         Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value and are subsequently stated at amortised cost unless the
         effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at invoice amounts.

   (m) Cash and cash equivalents
       Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other financial
       institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash
       and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three months of maturity at
       acquisition. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management
       are also included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the consolidated cash flow statement.
       Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECL in accordance with the policy set out in Note 1(g)(i).

   (n) Employee benefits
       (i) Short term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes
           Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes, including
           those payable in Mainland China, Taiwan and Hong Kong under relevant legislation, and the cost of non-monetary
           benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are rendered by employees. Where payment or
           settlement is deferred and the effect would be material, these amounts are stated at their present values.




                                                              • 75 •
     N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



1. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d)
   (n)   Employee benefits (cont’d)
         (ii) Defined benefit retirement scheme obligations
              The Group has the following two categories of defined benefit retirement schemes :-

              — defined benefit retirement schemes which cover certain employees of the Group’s Taiwan operation;
              — LSP under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance.

              The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit retirement schemes is calculated separately for each
              scheme by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the
              current and prior years; that benefit is discounted to determine the present value and the fair value of any scheme
              assets is deducted. The estimated amount of future benefit for LSP obligations is determined after deducting the
              negative service cost arising from the accrued benefits derived from the Group’s MPF contributions that have
              been vested with employees, which are deemed to be contributions from the relevant employees.

              The calculation is performed by an independent qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method. When
              the calculation results in a benefit to the Group, the recognised asset is limited to the present value of economic
              benefits available in the form of any future refunds from the scheme or reductions in future contributions to the
              scheme.

              Service cost and net interest expense (income) on the net defined benefit liability (asset) are recognised in profit
              or loss and allocated by function as part of “selling and distribution expenses” or “administrative expenses”.
              Current service cost is measured as the increase in the present value of the defined benefit obligation resulting
              from employee service in the current period. Net interest expense (income) for the period is determined by
              applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the reporting period
              to the net defined benefit liability (asset). The discount rate is the yield at the end of the reporting period on high
              quality corporate bonds that have maturity dates approximating the terms of the Group’s obligations.

              When the benefits of a scheme are changed, or when a scheme is curtailed, current service cost for the portion
              of the changed benefit related to past service by employees, or the gain or loss on curtailment, is recognised as
              an expense in profit or loss at the earlier of when the scheme amendment or curtailment occurs and when related
              restructuring costs or termination benefits are recognised.

              Remeasurements arising from defined benefit retirement schemes are recognised in other comprehensive income
              and reflected immediately in retained earnings. Remeasurements comprise actuarial gains and losses, the return
              on scheme assets (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability (asset)) and any
              change in the effect of the asset ceiling (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit
              liability (asset)).

         (iii) Termination benefits
               Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those
               benefits and when it recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination benefits.




                                                              • 76 •
                                                                   N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



1. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d)
   (o)   Income tax
         (i) Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current tax and
             movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss except
             to the extent that they relate to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly to equity, in which case
             the relevant amounts of tax are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

         (ii)   Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively
                enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

         (iii) Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being the
               differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax
               bases respectively. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.

                Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent that it
                is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are recognised.
                Future taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary
                differences include those that will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, provided those
                differences relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse either in
                the same period as the expected reversal of the deductible temporary difference or in periods into which a tax loss
                arising from the deferred tax asset can be carried back or forward. The same criteria are adopted when determining
                whether existing taxable temporary differences support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from unused
                tax losses and credits, that is, those differences are taken into account if they relate to the same taxation authority
                and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can
                be utilised.

                The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary differences arising
                from goodwill not deductible for tax purposes, the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither
                accounting nor taxable profit (providing they are not part of a business combination), and temporary differences
                relating to investments in subsidiary companies to the extent that, in the case of taxable differences, the Group
                controls the timing of the reversal and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future,
                or in the case of deductible differences, unless it is probable that they will reverse in the future.

                The amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of
                the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the
                reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.

                The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced to the
                extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax benefit to
                be utilised. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will
                be available.

                Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognised when the liability to pay the
                related dividends is recognised.




                                                                 • 77 •
     N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



1. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d)
   (o)   Income tax (cont’d)
         (iv) Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each other
              and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against
              deferred tax liabilities, if the Company or the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
              against current tax liabilities and the following additional conditions are met :-

              — in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Company or the Group intends either to settle on a net
                basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or

              — in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
                authority on either :-

                   — the same taxable entity; or

                   — different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax
                     liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets and
                     settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.

   (p)   Financial guarantees issued, provisions and contingent liabilities
         (i) Financial guarantees issued
              Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified payments to
              reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the “Holder”) for a loss the Holder incurs because a specified debtor
              fails to make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.

              Where the Group issues a financial guarantee, the fair value of the guarantee is initially recognised as deferred
              income within creditors and accruals. The fair value of financial guarantees issued at the time of issuance
              is determined by reference to fees charged in an arm’s length transaction for similar services, when such
              information is obtainable, or is otherwise estimated by reference to interest rate differentials, by comparing
              the actual rates charged by lenders when the guarantee is made available with the estimated rates that lenders
              would have charged, had the guarantees not been available, where reliable estimates of such information can
              be made. Where consideration is received or receivable for the issuance of the guarantee, the consideration is
              recognised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policies applicable to that category of asset. Where no
              such consideration is received or receivable, an immediate expense is recognised in the consolidated statement
              of profit or loss on initial recognition of any deferred income.

              The amount of the guarantee initially recognised as deferred income is amortised in the consolidated statement
              of profit or loss over the term of the guarantee as income from financial guarantees issued. In addition,
              provisions are recognised in accordance with Note 1(p)(ii) if and when (i) it becomes probable that the holder
              of the guarantee will call upon the Group under the guarantee; and (ii) the amount of that claim on the Group
              is expected to exceed the amount currently carried in creditors and accruals in respect of that guarantee i.e. the
              amount initially recognised, less accumulated amortisation.




                                                             • 78 •
                                                                N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



1. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d)
   (p)   Financial guarantees issued, provisions and contingent liabilities (cont’d)
         (ii) Other provisions and contingent liabilities
              Provisions are recognised for other liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group or the Company
              has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic
              benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. The Group makes provision
              for the costs of meeting the contractual obligations, net of economic benefits expected to be received. Where
              the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditure expected to
              settle the obligation.

                Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated
                reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic
                benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-
                occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of
                outflow of economic benefits is remote.

                Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a provision is expected to be reimbursed by another
                party, a separate asset is recognised for any expected reimbursement that would be virtually certain. The
                amount recognised for the reimbursement is limited to the carrying amount of the provision.

   (q)   Revenue recognition
         Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sales of goods or the provision of services in the
         ordinary course of the Group’s business.

         Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer at the amount of promised
         consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third
         parties. Revenue excludes value added tax and is after deduction of any trade discounts, rebates and goods returns.

         Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows :-

         (i)    Sales of goods and income from sale of concession and consigned goods
                Revenue and income are recognised when the control of the goods are considered to have been transferred to
                the customers.

         (ii)   Net trading income of securities investment
                Net trading income comprises gains less losses related to trading assets, and includes all fair value changes,
                interest, dividends and foreign exchange difference.

         (iii) Interest income
               Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method. For financial assets measured
               at amortised cost or FVOCI (recycling) that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied to the
               gross carrying amount of the asset. For credit-impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied to
               the amortised cost (i.e. gross carrying amount net of loss allowance) of the asset (see Note 1(g)(i)).

         (iv) Royalty income
              Royalty income is accrued on a time proportioned basis over the term of the royalty agreement.




                                                              • 79 •
     N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



1. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d)
   (q)   Revenue recognition (cont’d)
         (v) Dividends
             Dividend income from unlisted investments is recognised when the shareholder’s right to receive payment is
             established. Dividend income from listed investments is recognised when the share price of the investment goes
             ex-dividend.

         (vi) Government subsidies
              Government subsidies are recognised in the statement of financial position initially when there is reasonable
              assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them.
              Government subsidies are deducted from operation expenses.

   (r)   Translation of foreign currencies
         Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction
         dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the foreign exchange rates
         ruling at the end of the reporting period. Exchange differences are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit
         or loss.

         Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated
         using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
         foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the
         fair value was determined.

         The results of foreign operations are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates approximating the
         foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Statement of financial position items are translated into
         Hong Kong dollars at the closing foreign exchange rates at the end of the reporting period. The resulting exchange
         differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in equity in the exchange
         reserve.

         On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that foreign
         operation is reclassified from equity to consolidated statement of profit or loss when the profit or loss on disposal is
         recognised.

   (s)   Borrowing costs
         Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which
         necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost
         of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.




                                                              • 80 •
                                                               N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



1. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d)
   (t)   Related parties
         (a)   A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person :-

               (i)   has control or joint control over the Group;

               (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or

               (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

         (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies :-

               (i)   the entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and
                     fellow subsidiary company is related to the others);

               (ii) one entity is an associated company or joint venture of the other entity (or an associated company or joint
                    venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member);

               (iii) both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;

               (iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associated company of the third
                    entity;

               (v)   the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity
                     related to the Group;

               (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

               (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
                     personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); or

               (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services
                      to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

         Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced
         by, that person in their dealings with the entity.




                                                             • 81 •
     N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



1. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d)
   (u)   Segment reporting
         Operating segments and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial statements, are
         identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management for
         the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of the Group’s various lines of business and
         geographical locations.

         Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the segments
         have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and services, the nature
         of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the products or provide the
         services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may
         be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.



   (v)   Contract liabilities
         A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the related
         revenue (see Note 1(q)). A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional right to
         receive consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable
         would also be recognised (see Note 1(j)).




                                                          • 82 •
                                                             N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



2. REVENUE / SEGMENTAL INFORMATION
   (a)   Revenue
         The principal activities of the Group are the Sale of Luxury Goods and Securities Investment.

         Revenue represents the invoiced value of goods sold less discounts and returns, net income from concession and
         consignment sales, fair value change on securities held for trading, dividend income, and interest income from debt
         securities and short-term bank deposits under Securities Investment segment.

         The amount of each significant category of revenue is as follows :-

				                                                       2024                                                     2023
				                                                   HK$’000                                                   HK$’000
 Revenue from Sale of Luxury Goods and net income from
  concession and consignment sales		
 		 Watches and jewellery                               955,336                                                    980,565
 		 Cosmetics and beauty products                       728,163                                                    546,691
 		 Fashion and accessories                             602,026                                                    536,995

         					                                                                            2,285,525             2,064,251
                                                                                        ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣          ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣

         Revenue from Securities Investment		
         		Dividend income                                               671                                         4,108
         		 Fair value change on securities held for trading          (2,053)                                      (19,225)
         		 Interest income from debt securities and short-term bank
         			 deposits under Securities Investment segment            115,994                                          81,651

         					     114,612       66,534
               ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣ ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
         							
         					   2,400,137    2,130,785


         Information about major customers
         The Group sells goods to numerous individual customers without concentration of reliance. There is no discloseable
         information of major customers under HKFRS 8, Operating segments.




                                                           • 83 •
     N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



2. REVENUE / SEGMENTAL INFORMATION (cont’d)
   (b)   Segment reporting
         The Group manages its businesses by divisions. In a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported
         internally to the Group’s most senior executive management for the purpose of resource allocation and performance
         assessment, the Group has presented the following two reportable segments :-

         Sale of Luxury Goods business :     The sale of luxury goods to retail and wholesale customers and net income from
                                              concession and consignment sales.

         Securities Investment business :    The investment in listed and unlisted securities.

         (i) Segment results, assets and liabilities
             For the purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources between segments, the Group’s
             senior executive management monitors the results, assets and liabilities attributable to each reportable segment
             on the following bases :-

             Revenue and expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to the sales generated and expenses
             incurred by those segments. The measure used for reporting segment profit is profit after taxation.

             Segment assets include all current and non-current assets of individual assets.

             Segment liabilities include creditors, accruals and provisions, lease liabilities attributable to the operation of
             individual segments and bank loans managed directly by the segments.




                                                           • 84 •
                                                                 N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



2. REVENUE / SEGMENTAL INFORMATION (cont’d)
       (b) Segment reporting (cont’d)
           (i) Segment results, assets and liabilities (cont’d)
               Information regarding the Group’s reportable segments for the years ended 31st March, 2024 and 31st March,
               2023 respectively is set out below.
                                                          Sale of		                 Securities
                                                       Luxury Goods		              Investment                  Total
				                                                    2024      2023             2024        2023         2024     2023
				                                                 HK$’000 HK$’000            HK$’000 HK$’000          HK$’000 HK$’000

                Revenue from external customers      2,285,525    2,064,251      114,612      66,534     2,400,137   2,130,785

                Reportable segment revenue           2,285,525    2,064,251      114,612      66,534     2,400,137   2,130,785

                Reportable segment profit / (loss)     297,780        305,089     52,987      (52,452)    350,767     252,637

                Reportable segment assets            3,573,987    3,662,191     2,529,389 2,692,407      6,103,376   6,354,598

                Additions to non-current segment
                  assets during the year              103,332         200,001           –          –      103,332     200,001

                Reportable segment liabilities        987,458     1,205,317     1,544,182   1,760,187    2,531,640   2,965,504

                                                           Sale of		                 Securities
                                                        Luxury Goods		              Investment                  Total
				                                                     2024      2023             2024        2023         2024     2023
				                                                  HK$’000 HK$’000            HK$’000 HK$’000          HK$’000 HK$’000

                Reportable segment profit /
                  (loss) included :

                Interest income                           94,813    52,793  115,994   81,651   210,807   134,444
                								
                Interest expenses							
                   – bank loan                                 –         –  (48,617) (34,782)   (48,617)  (34,782)
                   – lease liabilities                   (17,926)  (15,934)       –        –    (17,926)  (15,934)
                								
                Depreciation							
                   – property, plant and equipment      (31,536)   (27,263)       –        –   (31,536)   (27,263)
                   – right-of-use assets               (100,516) (100,995)        –        –  (100,516) (100,995)
                								
                Gain / (loss) on disposal of property,
                   plant and equipment                       978       (57)       –        –        978       (57)
                								
                Net realised and unrealised loss on
                   unlisted equity and non-equity
                   securities                                  –         –   (1,697) (85,913)    (1,697)  (85,913)
                								
                Impairment loss recognised
                   – property, plant and equipment        (5,000)   (5,000)       –        –     (5,000)   (5,000)
                   – right-of-use assets                (40,000)  (30,000)        –        –   (40,000)  (30,000)
                								
                Provision for taxation                    (4,606)  (21,739)       –        –     (4,606)  (21,739)




                                                             • 85 •
     N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



2. REVENUE / SEGMENTAL INFORMATION (cont’d)
   (b)   Segment reporting (cont’d)
         (ii) Reconciliations of reportable segment revenue, profit or loss, assets and liabilities
              Revenue and profit
              No reconciliation of revenue and profit is required as the total reportable segments’ figures are equal to the
              Group’s consolidated figures.

             		                                                                                   2024                   2023
             		                                                                                HK$’000                HK$’000

             Assets
             Reportable segment assets                                                        6,103,376              6,354,598
             Elimination of inter-segment receivables                                          (744,951)              (754,634)
             		
             Consolidated total assets                                                        5,358,425              5,599,964

             		                                                                                   2024                   2023
             		                                                                                HK$’000                HK$’000

             Liabilities		
             Reportable segment liabilities        2,531,640  2,965,504
             Elimination of inter-segment payables  (744,951)  (754,634)
             		
             Consolidated total liabilities        1,786,689  2,210,870

         (iii) Geographical information
               The following table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group’s revenue from external
               customers; and (ii) the Group’s property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets. The geographical location
               of customers is based on the location at which the goods are delivered. The geographical location of the specified
               non-current assets is based on the physical location of the asset.


                                                                           Revenues from                    Specified		
                                                                          external customers            non-current assets
                                                                            2024         2023             2024          2023
             		                                                          HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000

             Hong Kong (place of domicile) 1,603,529    1,438,898      213,361      273,133
                                           ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣ ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣ ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣ ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
             					
             Taiwan                          560,857      524,894        54,306       73,249
             Other territories               121,139      100,459         7,433        6,195
             					
             		                              681,996      625,353        61,739       79,444
                                           ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣ ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣ ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣ ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
             Revenue from sales of luxury
              goods and net income from
              concession and consignment sales                          2,285,525      2,064,251               –              –

             Revenue from securities investment   114,612    66,534       –       –
             					
             Total                              2,400,137 2,130,785 275,100 352,577




                                                            • 86 •
                                                                N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



3. OTHER INCOME / (LOSS)
  		                                                                                            2024                  2023
  		                                                                                         HK$’000               HK$’000

  Net realised and unrealised loss on unlisted equity and non-equity securities                 (1,697)              (85,913)
  Net realised loss on listed debt securities measured at amortised cost                          (878)               (3,697)
  Net impairment loss on listed debt securities measured at amortised cost
    (recognised) / written back                                                                 (1,620)                   1,184
  Interest income                                                                               94,813                   52,793
  Gain / (loss) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                       978                      (57)
  Net foreign exchange (loss) / gain                                                           (11,868)                   9,749
  		
  		                                                                                            79,728               (25,941)


4. PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
  Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging / (crediting) :-

             		                                                                       2024        2023
             		                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000
  Auditors’ remuneration		
    – audit services		                                                               4,516       4,451
    – other services		                                                                   7         288
  Cost of inventories (Note 13)		                                                1,305,181  1,135,845
  Depreciation		
    – property, plant and equipment (Note 10)		                                     31,536     27,263
    – right-of-use assets (Note 11)		                                              100,516    100,995
  Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment recognised (Note 10)              5,000       5,000
  Impairment loss on right-of-use assets recognised (Note 11)		                     40,000     30,000
  Impairment loss on trade debtors written back 		                                       –      (2,638)
  Interest on bank overdrafts and loans repayable within five years (Note 22(a))    48,617     34,782
  Interest on lease liabilities (Note 22(a))		                                      17,926     15,934
  Staff costs (including directors’ emoluments)		                                  300,610    261,832
    Including :-		
    Contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes		                      10,926     10,603
    Income recognised in respect of defined benefit retirement scheme		                (34)         (17)




                                                              • 87 •
     N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



5. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
   Directors’ remuneration disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of
   the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation is as follows :-

			                                             Salaries,		Retirement
		                            Directors’ allowances and   Discretionary       scheme     2024
                                    fees benefits in kind      bonuses  contributions   Total
		                             HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000   HK$’000
					
Executive directors					
Dickson Poon                          10            4,863        12,000             –  16,873
Poon Dickson Pearson Guanda           10            2,171         5,500            18   7,699
Chan Hon Chung, Johnny Pollux         10            1,834         3,200            18   5,062
Lau Yu Hee, Gary                      10            2,082         4,069             –   6,161

   Independent non-executive
     directors					
   Bhanusak Asvaintra            225 – – – 225
   Nicholas Peter Etches         225 – – – 225
   Fung Yue Ming, Eugene Michael 225 – – – 225

   		                                          715               10,950       24,769               36      36,470


   			                                                         Salaries,		                 Retirement
   		 Directors’                                        allowances and   Discretionary         scheme       2023
            fees                                        benefits in kind      bonuses    contributions      Total
   		 HK$’000                                                 HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000

   Executive directors					
   Dickson Poon                  10 4,721 10,000  – 14,731
   Poon Dickson Pearson Guanda   10 1,387  4,500 18  5,915
   Chan Hon Chung, Johnny Pollux 10 1,753  3,200 18  4,981
   Lau Yu Hee, Gary              10 2,050  4,069  –  6,129

   Independent non-executive
     directors					
   Bhanusak Asvaintra            225 – – – 225
   Nicholas Peter Etches         225 – – – 225
   Fung Yue Ming, Eugene Michael 225 – – – 225

   		                                          715                9,911       21,769               36      32,431




                                                        • 88 •
                                                            N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



6. REMUNERATION OF THE FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
  Among the five highest paid individuals, four (2023 : four) are directors whose remuneration is disclosed in Note 5. The
  aggregate of the remuneration of the other one (2023 : one) highest paid individual is as follows :-

  				                                                                                          2024                2023
  				                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000

  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind		                                                    2,034               4,607
  Discretionary bonuses		                                                                        2,169                   –
  Retirement scheme contributions                                                                   18                  15

  						                                                                                         4,221               4,622


  The remuneration of the one (2023 : one) individual falls within the following bands :-

  						                                                                                          2024               2023
  						                                                                                    Number of           Number of
  		 				                                                                                   individuals        individuals

  HK$4,000,001 – 4,500,000		                                                                         1                  –
  HK$4,500,001 – 5,000,000		                                                                         –                  1

  						                                                                                             1                  1




                                                          • 89 •
      N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



7. TAXATION
    (a)   Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents :-

          				                                                                                     2024                    2023
          				                                                                                  HK$’000                 HK$’000

          Current tax – Hong Kong Profits Tax 		
           Provision for the year		                                                                   227                  29,162
           Over-provision in respect of prior years                                                (5,586)                (15,730)
          		
          			                                                                                      (5,359)                13,432
                                                                                            ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣           ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
          Current tax – Outside Hong Kong		
           Provision for the year		                                                                 9,963                   8,245
           Under-provision in respect of prior years                                                   59                      29
          		
          				                                                                                     10,022                  8,274
                                                                                             ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣          ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
          Deferred tax		
           Origination and reversal of temporary differences (Note 19(a))                             (57)                    33
                                                                                            ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣           ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
          Total income tax expense		                                                                4,606                 21,739

          The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for 2024 is calculated at 16.5 per cent. (2023 : 16.5 per cent.) of the estimated
          assessable profits for the year.

          Taxation for subsidiary companies outside Hong Kong is charged at the appropriate current rates of taxation ruling
          in the relevant countries.

    (b)
 Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates :- 			                               		
         			
      		                                                                                 2024                              2023
      		                                                                             HK$’000                            HK$’000
			
 Profit before tax		                                                                  355,373                            274,376

          Notional tax on accounting profit calculated at applicable tax rates		                   61,381                  44,323
          Tax effect of non-deductible expenses		                                                  14,815                  30,787
          Tax effect of non-taxable income		                                                      (37,266)                (32,421)
          Tax effect of prior years’ unrecognised tax losses utilised this year		                 (13,208)                 (8,644)
          Tax effect of temporary differences not recognised		                                    (16,485)                (20,363)
          Tax effect of unused tax losses not recognised		                                            896                  23,758
          Over-provision in prior years		                                                          (5,527)                (15,701)

          Actual tax expense		                                                                      4,606                  21,739

    (c)   None of the taxation payable / recoverable in the statement of financial position is expected to be settled after more
          than one year.




                                                                 • 90 •
                                                               N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



8. DIVIDENDS
  (a)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the year :-

        				                                                                                       2024                    2023
        				                                                                                    HK$’000                 HK$’000

        Interim dividend declared and paid of HK10 cents (2023 : HK8 cents)
          per ordinary share 		                                                                   39,420                   31,536

        Final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period of
          HK35 cents (2023 : HK27 cents) per ordinary share		                                   137,971                  106,435

        The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period have not been recognised as liabilities at the end of the
        reporting period.

  (b)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial year, approved and
        paid during the year :-

        				                                                                                       2024                    2023
        				                                                                                    HK$’000                 HK$’000

        Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, approved
          and paid during the year, of HK27 cents (2022 : HK27 cents)
          per ordinary share		                                                                   106,435                 106,435


9. EARNINGS PER SHARE
  The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share is based on the profit for the year attributable to ordinary
  equity shareholders of the Company of HK$350,767,000 (2023 : HK$252,637,000) and the weighted average number
  of 394,202,808 ordinary shares (2023 : 394,202,808 ordinary shares) in issue during the year.

  Basic earnings per share are the same as diluted earnings per share for both years as the Company has no potential
  dilutive shares outstanding for both years.




                                                             • 91 •
    N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
  					                                                                             Furniture,
  					                                                                               fixtures,
  			  Land and     Leasehold                                                       equipment
   			 buildings improvements                                                       and others          Total
  			   HK$’000      HK$’000                                                          HK$’000         HK$’000

  Cost :-
   Balance at 1st April, 2023                            56,349        247,094         178,711         482,154
   Exchange difference                                        –         (3,205)           (421)         (3,626)
   Additions                                                  –         19,147           5,275          24,422
   Disposals                                                  –        (41,853)        (26,038)        (67,891)
  		
   At 31st March, 2024                                   56,349         221,183         157,527         435,059
                                                   ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣   ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣   ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣   ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
  Aggregate depreciation :-
   Balance at 1st April, 2023                            39,028        204,657         161,863         405,548
   Exchange difference                                        –         (1,960)           (324)         (2,284)
   Charge for the year                                    1,497         23,055           6,984          31,536
   Impairment loss                                            –          3,813           1,187           5,000
   Written back on disposals                                  –        (41,848)        (25,976)        (67,824)

    At 31st March, 2024                                  40,525         187,717         143,734         371,976
                                                   ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣   ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣   ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣   ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣

  Net book value :-
   At 31st March, 2024                                   15,824          33,466          13,793         63,083

  Cost :-					
   Balance at 1st April, 2022 56,349 221,579  181,917  459,845
   Exchange difference             –  (3,681)    (891)  (4,572)
   Additions                       –  44,887    3,516   48,403
   Disposals                       – (15,691)  (5,831) (21,522)

    At 31st March, 2023                                  56,349
                                                   ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣        247,094
                                                                   ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣        178,711
                                                                                   ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣        482,154
                                                                                                   ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣

  Aggregate depreciation :-
   Balance at 1st April, 2022                            37,531        198,612         162,435         398,578
   Exchange difference                                        –         (3,092)           (767)         (3,859)
   Charge for the year                                    1,497         19,762           6,004          27,263
   Impairment loss                                            –          5,000               –           5,000
   Written back on disposals                                  –        (15,625)         (5,809)        (21,434)

    At 31st March, 2023                                  39,028         204,657         161,863         405,548
                                                   ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣   ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣   ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣   ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣

  Net book value :-
   At 31st March, 2023                                   17,321          42,437          16,848         76,606




                                                       • 92 •
                                                               N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (cont’d)
   Net book value of land and buildings comprises :-

   				                                                                                           2024                    2023
   				                                                                                        HK$’000                 HK$’000

   Long-term leases in Hong Kong		                                                                15,824                 17,321


   The Group holds commercial buildings for its business. The Group is the registered owner of these property interests,
   including the part of undivided share in the underlying land. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire these
   property interests from their previous registered owners, and there are no ongoing payments to be made under the terms of
   the land lease, other than payments based on rateable values set by the government authority. These payments vary from
   time to time and are payable to the government authority.


   During the year ended 31st March, 2024, management performed an impairment assessment on certain property, plant
   and equipment of the Group’s retail stores in accordance with the accounting policy on impairment of assets. Based on
   the assessment, an impairment loss of HK$5,000,000 (2023 : HK$5,000,000) was recognised in respect of the respective
   property, plant and equipment and charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss. The recoverable amounts of
   these property, plant and equipment were determined based on the estimated future cash flows generated from these
   retail stores for the remaining non-cancellable lease term of the respective retail stores at a discount rate of 11.6 per cent.
   (2023 : 11.6 per cent.) per annum.




                                                             • 93 •
        N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



11. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

  				                                                                                             2024                   2023
  			 NOTE                                                                                      HK$’000                HK$’000

  Land and buildings                                                      (i)                    212,017                275,971


  The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised in profit or loss is as follows :-

  				                                                                                             2024                   2023
  				                                                                                          HK$’000                HK$’000

  Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                                     100,516                100,995
  Impairment loss on right-of-use assets recognised                                               40,000                 30,000
  Interest on lease liabilities                                                                   17,926                 15,934
  Low-value assets lease expenses                                                                    374                    647
  Short-term lease expenses                                                                       11,008                 14,897
  Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                    62,825                 56,473


  During the year ended 31st March, 2024, management performed an impairment assessment on certain right-of-use assets
  of the Group’s retail stores in accordance with the accounting policy on impairment of assets. Based on the assessment,
  an impairment loss of HK$40,000,000 (2023 : HK$30,000,000) was recognised in respect of the respective right-of-use
  assets and charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss. The recoverable amounts of these right-of-use assets were
  determined based on the estimated future cash flows generated from these retail stores for the remaining non-cancellable
  lease term of the respective retail stores at a discount rate of 11.6 per cent. (2023 : 11.6 per cent.) per annum.


  Details of total cash outflow for leases and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in Notes 22(b) and 18
  respectively.


   Note :-

  (i)      The Group has obtained the right-of-use assets as its offices, retail stores and warehouses through tenancy agreements.
           The leases typically run for an initial period of 1 to 8 years. During the year, additions to right-of-use assets were
           HK$78,910,000 (2023 : HK$151,598,000).




                                                              • 94 •
                                                             N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



12. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
  Other financial assets comprise :-


  				                                                                                          2024                      2023
  				                                                                                       HK$’000                   HK$’000


  Non-current assets
    Unlisted equity and non-equity securities designated at fair value
  		 through profit or loss		                                                                  57,926                    250,927
    Listed debt securities measured at amortised cost net of loss allowance                   418,825                  1,033,929


  				                                                                                        476,751              1,284,856
                                                                                         ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣          ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣

  Current assets			
    Unlisted equity and non-equity securities designated at fair value
  		 through profit or loss		                                                13,200                                     115,057
    Listed debt securities measured at amortised cost net of loss allowance 641,428                                     165,353


  				                                                                                        654,628                 280,410
                                                                                         ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣           ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣

  				                                                                                      1,131,379                  1,565,266




13. INVENTORIES

  				                                                                                          2024                      2023
  				                                                                                       HK$’000                   HK$’000


  Finished goods		                                                                            199,716                   187,442


  The analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as an expense and included in profit or loss is as follows :-


  				                                                                                          2024                      2023
  				                                                                                       HK$’000                   HK$’000


  Carrying amount of inventories sold		                                                     1,302,226              1,134,673
  Write-down of inventories                                                                     2,955                  1,172


  				                                                                                      1,305,181              1,135,845


  The write-down of inventories made during the year was due to a decrease in net realisable value of certain merchandise
  held for sale as a result of a change in consumer preferences.




                                                           • 95 •
    N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



14. DEBTORS, DEPOSITS AND PREPAYMENTS
  				                                                                                         2024                    2023
  				                                                                                      HK$’000                 HK$’000

  Trade debtors 		                                                                             92,198                  49,429
  Less : loss allowance                                                                             –                      (91)

  			                                                                                          92,198                  49,338

  Net defined benefit assets		                                                                  3,037                   3,188
  Other debtors, deposits and prepayments                                                     173,807                 171,282

  			                                                                                         269,042                223,808

  Less: non-current portion of deposits and prepayments		                                     (60,969)                (76,816)

  			                                                                                         208,073                146,992

  Apart from the above non-current portion of deposits and prepayments, all of other debtors, deposits and prepayments of
  the Group are expected to be recovered or recognised as an expense within one year.


  Ageing analysis
  Included in debtors, deposits and prepayments are trade debtors (net of loss allowance) with the following ageing analysis
  based on due date as at the end of the reporting period :-

  				                                                                                         2024                    2023
  				                                                                                      HK$’000                 HK$’000

  Current		              92,090 49,338
  1 to 30 days overdue		    108      –

  			                                                                                          92,198                  49,338

  Trade debtors are due within 30 to 90 days from the date of billing. Further details on the Group’s credit policy are set out
  in Note 27(a).




                                                           • 96 •
                                                              N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



15. CASH AND BANK BALANCES
  Cash and bank balances comprise :-
   		2024                                                                                                               2023
  			                                HK$’000                                                                         HK$’000

  Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated
    cash flow statement		                                                                    3,469,605              3,157,983
  Deposits with original maturity over three months                                                  –                109,900

  Cash and bank balances		                                                                   3,469,605              3,267,883


16. BANK LOANS
  At the end of the reporting period, the bank loans were repayable within one year and were secured as follows :-

  			                                                                                           2024                    2023
  			                                                                                        HK$’000                 HK$’000

          799,093
  Secured		       1,005,553

  At the end of the reporting period, the banking facilities of subsidiary companies were secured by charges over certain
  debt and equity securities with aggregate carrying value of HK$1,060,253,000 (2023 : HK$1,502,739,000). The effective
  borrowing interest rate at the end of the reporting period for the Group was 5.63 per cent. (2023 : 5.18 per cent.) per annum.



17. CREDITORS, ACCRUALS AND PROVISIONS
  			                                                                                           2024                    2023
  			                                                                                        HK$’000                 HK$’000

  Trade creditors		                                                                            150,790                199,787
  Contract liabilities (Note 17(a))		                                                           31,413                 21,442
  Other creditors, accruals and provisions                                                     224,074                218,770

  			                                                                                          406,277                439,999
  Less: non-current portion of creditors and provisions		                                      (37,156)               (54,373)

  			                                                                                          369,121                385,626




                                                            • 97 •
     N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



17. CREDITORS, ACCRUALS AND PROVISIONS (cont’d)
   Included in creditors, accruals and provisions are trade creditors with the following ageing analysis based on due
   date as at the end of the reporting period :-

   			                                                                                        2024                  2023
   			                                                                                     HK$’000               HK$’000

   Current			                                                                               150,790               199,787

   (a)   Contract liabilities

   			                                                                                        2024                  2023
   			                                                                                     HK$’000               HK$’000

         Advances received from gift certificates		                                          21,302                 12,548
         Receipts in advance                                                                 10,111                  8,894

   				                                                                                      31,413                 21,442

   Movement of contract liabilities :-
   			                                                                                        2024                  2023
   			                                                                                     HK$’000               HK$’000

     At 1st April		                                                                          21,442                 19,650
     Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising
   		 revenue during the year that was included in the contract		
   		 liabilities at the beginning of the year		                                             (19,944)              (18,000)
     Increase in contract liabilities as a result of issuance of gift certificates            21,301                12,516
     Increase in contract liabilities as a result of increase in receipts in advance           8,614                 7,276

         At 31st March		                                                                     31,413                 21,442

         As at 31st March, 2024, the amount of contract liabilities expected to be recognised as revenue after more than one
         year is HK$1,834,000 (2023 : HK$734,000).




                                                             • 98 •
                                                               N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



18. LEASE LIABILITIES
   At the end of the reporting period, the lease liabilities were repayable as follows :-

   			                                                                                                2024                  2023
   			                                                                                             HK$’000               HK$’000

   Within 1 year                                                                                  163,647               244,150
                                                                                              ------﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣          ------﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
   		
   After 1 year but within 2 years		                                                                149,640              140,317
   After 2 years but within 5 years		                                                               198,353              305,404

   			                                                                                            347,993               445,721
                                                                                              ------﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣          ------﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣

   			                                                                                              511,640              689,871



19. DEFERRED TAXATION
   (a)   Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows :-

   			                                                                                                2024                  2023
   			                                                                                             HK$’000               HK$’000

         Deferred tax liabilities		                                                                 20,408                21,166


         The components of deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position and the
         movements during the year are as follows :-

         		                           Depreciation
         			                             allowances                                                Undistributed
         		                                 in excess                                                  profits of
         		                           of the related                                                  subsidiary
         Deferred tax arising from :-  depreciation                                                  companies             Total
         		                                HK$’000                                                     HK$’000           HK$’000

         At 1st April, 2023		                                                               581           20,585          21,166
         Exchange difference		                                                                –             (701)           (701)
         Credited to the consolidated statement of profit or loss                           (57)               –             (57)

         At 31st March, 2024		                                                              524           19,884          20,408

         At 1st April, 2022		                                                               548           22,225          22,773
         Exchange difference		                                                                –           (1,640)         (1,640)
         Charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss                             33                –              33

         At 31st March, 2023		                                                              581           20,585          21,166




                                                             • 99 •
     N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



19. DEFERRED TAXATION (cont’d)
   (b)   Deferred tax assets not recognised
         Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items :-

   			                                                                                           2024                    2023
   			                                                                                        HK$’000                 HK$’000

         Deductible temporary differences                                                       64,150                 81,759
         Future benefit of tax losses 		                                                       180,089                169,576

         			                                                                                   244,239                251,335

         The Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of accumulated tax losses of certain subsidiary
         companies as it is not probable that the subsidiary companies will generate sufficient future taxable profits against
         which the accumulated tax losses can be offset in the foreseeable future. Future benefit of tax losses of HK$16,973,000
         (2023 : HK$11,571,000) will expire within a range of 1 to 5 years from 1st April, 2024. The remaining balance
         of tax losses has no expiry date under current tax legislation.

   (c)   Deferred tax liabilities not recognised
         At 31st March, 2024, temporary differences relating to the undistributed profits of a subsidiary company amounted
         to HK$325,149,000 (2023 : HK$336,816,000). Deferred tax liabilities of HK$68,281,000 (2023 : HK$70,731,000)
         have not been recognised in respect of the tax that would be payable on the distribution of these retained profits as
         the Company controls the dividend policy of this subsidiary company and that it is probable that retained profits
         will not be distributed in the foreseeable future.



20. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                       2024                                    2023
   			                                                   Number               Nominal              Number             Nominal
   			                                                  of shares               value             of shares             value
   			                                                 Thousands              HK$’000            Thousands            HK$’000

   Authorised :-
     Ordinary shares of HK$0.30 each 518,000 155,400 518,000                                                          155,400
   Issued and fully paid :-
     Ordinary shares of HK$0.30 each				
     Balance brought forward and
   		carried forward                 394,203 118,261  394,203                                                         118,261


   The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote
   per ordinary share at general meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s
   residual assets.


   At no time during the year ended 31st March, 2024 was there any purchase, sale or redemption by the Company, or any of
   its subsidiary companies, of the Company’s ordinary shares.




                                                           • 100 •
                                                                 N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



20. SHARE CAPITAL (cont’d)
   On 18th July, 2013 (the “Adoption Date”), the Company adopted a share option scheme (the “Scheme”). Pursuant to the
   Scheme, the board of directors (the “Board”) may offer to grant an option to any current employee (including executive
   directors, non-executive directors and independent non-executive directors) of the Company and / or any of its subsidiary
   companies (the “Participant”) to subscribe for shares of the Company. The Scheme serves to recognise the contribution of
   the employees to the growth of the Group and to provide incentives for their contribution to the future success of the Group.

   The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Scheme and any other
   schemes of the Company (excluding options lapsed in accordance with any other schemes of the Company) must not in
   aggregate exceed 10 per cent. of the shares in issue at the Adoption Date. The aforesaid 10 per cent. limit may be increased
   to 30 per cent. of the shares in issue from time to time by refreshment and separate approval by the shareholders of the
   Company in general meeting.

   The total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each Participant (included
   exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) under the Scheme in any 12-month period must not exceed 1 per cent. of the
   shares in issue unless approved by the shareholders of the Company in general meeting.

   An option may be exercised at any time during such option period as the Board may in its absolute discretion determine,
   save that such period shall not expire later than 10 years after the date of grant of the option. The Scheme shall be valid and
   effective for a period of 10 years commencing on the Adoption Date, i.e. until 17th July, 2023.

   The Board may at its discretion when offering the grant of an option impose any conditions, restrictions or limitations in
   relation thereto additional to those set forth in the Scheme as it may think fit (to be stated in the letter containing the offer
   of the grant of the option). Unless otherwise specified in the letter offering the grant of an option, no performance target
   is required to be achieved and no minimum period for which an option must be held before an option or part thereof can
   be exercised.

   An offer of the grant of an option under the Scheme shall be deemed to have been accepted when the duplicate letter
   comprising acceptance of the option duly signed by the relevant Participant together with a remittance in favour of the
   Company of HK$1.00 by way of consideration for the grant thereof is received by the Company.

   The subscription price in respect of any particular option shall be such price as the Board may in its absolute discretion
   determine at the time of grant of the relevant option but shall be at least the higher of :-

   (a)   the closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of grant of the option;

   (b)   the average closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five business days
         immediately preceding the date of grant of the option; and

   (c)   the nominal value of the shares.

   During the period from 1st April, 2023 to 17th July, 2023 (i.e. the expiry date of the Scheme), no share options had
   been granted to any of the directors or employees of the Company or any of its subsidiary companies under the Scheme.
   Subsequent to the expiration of the Scheme, the Company did not adopt any new share option scheme during the year ended
   31st March, 2024.




                                                              • 101 •
    N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



21. CAPITAL AND RESERVES
  The Group
  The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated equity is set
  out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 60.


  The Company
  Details of the changes in the Company’s individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year
  are set out below :-

  			                                        Share                          Share           Retained
  			                                       capital                      premium              profits           Total
  			                                     HK$’000                        HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000
  			
  At 1st April, 2023                       118,261                         502,561            487,193         1,108,015
  Dividends approved / paid in respect of
    prior year (Note 8(b))		
    – by means of cash                            –                               –          (106,435)         (106,435)
  Dividends declared / paid in respect
    of the current year (Note 8(a))
    – by means of cash                            –                               –           (39,420)          (39,420)
  Profit for the year                             –                               –           146,189           146,189
  				
  At 31st March, 2024                      118,261                         502,561            487,527         1,108,349

  At 1st April, 2022                      118,261                          502,561            487,094         1,107,916
  Dividends approved / paid in respect of
    prior year (Note 8(b))		
    – by means of cash                          –                                 –          (106,435)         (106,435)
  Dividends declared / paid in respect
    of the current year (Note 8(a))
    – by means of cash                          –                                 –           (31,536)          (31,536)
  Profit for the year                           –                                 –           138,070           138,070
  				
  At 31st March, 2023                     118,261                          502,561            487,193         1,108,015




                                                       • 102 •
                                                                N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



21. CAPITAL AND RESERVES (cont’d)
   (a)   Nature and purpose of reserves
         (i) Share premium
              The application of the share premium account is governed by the Bermuda Companies Act 1981 and the
              Amended and Restated Bye-laws of the Company.

         (ii)   Exchange reserve
                The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial
                statements of foreign operations. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies set out in
                Note 1(r).

   (b)   Distributability of reserves
         The distributable reserves of the Company at 31st March, 2024 amounted to HK$487,527,000 (2023 : HK$487,193,000).

   (c)   Capital management
         The Group’s objectives on managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern as
         well as maximising returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders.

         The Group’s strategy is to maintain a prudent gearing ratio and a solid base to support the operations and development
         of its business in the long term. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes during the years ended
         31st March, 2024 and 31st March, 2023 respectively.

         At 31st March, 2024, the Group had bank loans amounting to HK$799,093,000 (2023 : HK$1,005,553,000). The
         total cash balance exceed the total bank borrowings by HK$2,670,512,000 (2023 : HK$2,262,330,000).

The Group’s capital structure is as follows :-
			
                                                       The Group
			                                               2024            2023
			                                            HK$’000         HK$’000


         Total equity		                                                                        3,571,736             3,389,094


         Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiary companies are subject to externally imposed capital requirements.




                                                             • 103 •
    N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



22. OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
  (a)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
        The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash
        changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or future cash flows
        will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated cash flow statement as cash flows from financing activities.

  		                                                                      Bank                  Lease
  		                                                                      loans             liabilities              Total
  		                                                                    HK$’000             HK$’000                HK$’000

        Balance at 1st April, 2023                                      1,005,553             689,871              1,695,424
                                                                     ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣       ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣          ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
        Changes from financing cash flows :-			
          Net repayment of bank loans            (206,460)        –                                                 (206,460)
          Interest paid                           (48,617)        –                                                  (48,617)
          Capital element of lease rentals paid         –  (248,794)                                                (248,794)
          Interest element of lease rentals paid        –   (17,185)                                                 (17,185)

        Total changes from financing cash flows                          (255,077)           (265,979)              (521,056)
                                                                     ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣       ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣          ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
        Exchange adjustments                                                    –              (2,409)                (2,409)
                                                                     ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣       ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣          ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
        Other changes :-			
          Increase in lease liabilities from entering into new
        		 leases during the period                                 – 72,231                                          72,231
          Interest expenses                                    48,617 17,926                                          66,543

        			                                                                48,617              90,157                138,774
                                                                     ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣       ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣          ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
        Balance at 31st March, 2024                                      799,093              511,640             1,310,733


        Balance at 1st April, 2022                                      1,120,155             833,990              1,954,145
                                                                     ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣       ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣          ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
        Changes from financing cash flows :-			
          Net repayment of bank loans            (114,602)        –                                                 (114,602)
          Interest paid                           (34,782)        –                                                  (34,782)
          Capital element of lease rentals paid         –  (288,177)                                                (288,177)
          Interest element of lease rentals paid        –   (16,094)                                                 (16,094)

        Total changes from financing cash flows                          (149,384)           (304,271)              (453,655)
                                                                     ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣       ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣          ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
        Exchange adjustments                                                    –              (1,820)                (1,820)
                                                                     ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣       ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣          ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
        Other changes :-			
          Increase in lease liabilities from entering into new
        		 leases during the period                                 – 149,273                                       149,273
          Interest expenses                                    34,782  15,934                                        50,716
          Disposals                                                 –    (632)                                         (632)
          Other movement                                            –  (2,603)                                       (2,603)

        			                                                                34,782             161,972                196,754
                                                                     ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣       ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣          ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣
        Balance at 31st March, 2023                                    1,005,553              689,871             1,695,424

        Further details of the bank loans are set out in Note 16.



                                                           • 104 •
                                                                N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



22. OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (cont’d)
   (b)   Total cash outflow for leases
         Amount included in the consolidated cash flow statement for leases comprises the following :-

                		                                                                                  2024                    2023
                		                                                                               HK$’000                 HK$’000


         Within operating cash flows		                                                             74,207                  72,017
         Within financing cash flows		                                                            265,979                 304,271


         			                                                                                      340,186                 376,288



23. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   (a)   Key management personnel remuneration
         All members of key management personnel are board members and their remuneration is disclosed in Note 5.

   (b)   Other related party transactions
         The following material transactions with related parties were in the opinion of the directors carried out in the ordinary
         and usual course of business and on normal commercial terms :-

         (i)    Transactions with companies in which a director of the Company has beneficial interests :-

   			                                                                                              2024                    2023
   			                                                                                           HK$’000                 HK$’000

                Sales of goods		                                                                       274                    437
                Purchases of goods		                                                                47,302                 39,497
                Income from the provision of management and supporting service                      10,144                  8,117
                Rental income		                                                                      6,708                  6,921
                Advertising and promotion service expenses		                                         6,054                  6,046
                Commission expenses		                                                                7,342                  7,545
                Net proceeds from e-Commerce		                                                       2,346                  4,814

                The amounts due from these companies at 31st March, 2024 amounted to HK$775,000 (2023 : HK$1,773,000)
                and the amounts due to these companies at 31st March, 2024 amounted to HK$9,341,000 (2023 : HK$7,617,000),
                which are interest free, unsecured and have repayment terms ranging from 20 days to 90 days.

         (ii)   Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions
                The related party transactions in respect of Note 23(b)(i) above that constituted continuing connected transactions
                as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules and required disclosures under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules
                are provided in “Continuing Connected Transactions” section of the Report of the Directors on pages 23 to 31.




                                                             • 105 •
    N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



24. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT BENEFITS
  (a)   Defined benefit retirement scheme
        The Group makes contributions to a defined benefit retirement scheme which covers certain employees of the Group’s
        Taiwan operation. The scheme is administered by independent trustees with their assets held separately from those
        of the Group. The scheme is funded by contributions from the Group as determined and approved by the relevant
        government authorities. The latest independent actuarial valuation of the scheme was at 31st March, 2024 and was
        prepared by Dr. Magic Lin, Actuary, EA, A.S.A., FAIRC, Ph.D.. The Group has contributed HK$Nil (2023 : HK$Nil)
        to the scheme.

        The present value of obligations under the scheme is HK$5,586,000 (2023 : HK$5,711,000) with HK$8,623,000
        (2023 : HK$8,899,000) covered by plan assets carried at fair value, which are mainly composed of bank deposits.

        Service income, including net interest income on the scheme, of HK$34,000 (2023 : HK$17,000) was credited to
        profit or loss, with actuarial loss (net of tax) of HK$20,000 (2023 : actuarial gain of HK$1,108,000) recognised
        in other comprehensive income. Discount rate of 1.3 per cent. (2023 : 1.1 per cent.) and future salary increase of
        2.75 per cent. (2023 : 2.25 per cent.) are used by the Group as significant actuarial assumptions for the valuations.
        Sensitivity analysis on significant actuarial assumptions is not performed as the changes in actuarial assumptions
        would not have a material effect on the Group’s result for the year.

  (b)   Defined contribution retirement scheme
        The Group operates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under the Hong Kong Mandatory
        Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for employees employed under the jurisdiction of the Hong Kong Employment
        Ordinance and not previously covered by the defined benefit retirement scheme. The MPF Scheme is a defined
        contribution retirement scheme administered by independent trustees. Under the MPF Scheme, the employer and its
        employees are each required to make contributions to the scheme at 5 per cent. of the employees’ relevant income,
        subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of HK$30,000. Contributions to the scheme vest immediately.

        Employees of the Group’s subsidiary companies in Mainland China are required to participate in defined contribution
        retirement schemes which are administered and operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s subsidiary
        companies contribute funds which are calculated on certain percentage of the payroll to the schemes to fund the
        retirement benefits of the employees. Contributions to the schemes vest immediately.

        A subsidiary company and branches of subsidiary companies of the Group in Taiwan have a defined contribution
        scheme governed by the Taiwan Labor Pension Act. Under the scheme, a subsidiary company and branches of
        subsidiary companies of the Group in Taiwan contribute monthly to the Bureau of Labor Insurance at 6 per cent. of
        the payroll of the employees who choose to participate in the scheme. Contributions to the scheme vest immediately.




                                                         • 106 •
                                                              N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



24. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT BENEFITS (cont’d)
   (c)   Long service payment liabilities
         Hong Kong employees that have been employed continuously for at least five years are entitled to long service
         payments in accordance with the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance under certain circumstances. These
         circumstances include where an employee is dismissed for reasons other than serious misconduct or redundancy, that
         employee resigns at the age of 65 or above, or the employment contract is of fixed term and expires without renewal.
         The amount of LSP payable is determined with reference to the employee’s final salary (capped at HK$22,500) and
         the years of service, reduced by the amount of any accrued benefits derived from the Group’s contributions to MPF
         scheme (see Note 24(b)) with an overall cap of HK$390,000 per employee. Currently, the Group does not have any
         separate funding arrangement in place to meet its LSP obligation.

         In June 2022, the Government gazetted the Amendment Ordinance, which will eventually abolish the statutory right
         of an employer to reduce its LSP payable to a Hong Kong employee by drawing on its mandatory contributions to
         the MPF scheme. The Government has subsequently announced that the Amendment Ordinance will come into
         effect from the Transition Date. Separately, the Government is also expected to introduce a subsidy scheme to assist
         employers after the abolition.

         Among other things, once the abolition of the offsetting mechanism takes effect, an employer can no longer use any
         of the accrued benefits derived from its mandatory MPF contributions (irrespective of the contributions made before,
         on or after the Transition Date) to reduce the LSP in respect of an employee’s service from the Transition Date.
         However, where an employee’s employment commenced before the Transition Date, the employer can continue to
         use the above accrued benefits to reduce the LSP in respect of the employee’s service up to that date; in addition, the
         LSP in respect of the service before the Transition Date will be calculated based on the employee’s monthly salary
         immediately before the Transition Date and the years of service up to that date.

         The Group has accounted for the offsetting mechanism and its abolition as disclosed in Note 1.

         The Group has determined that the amount of the catch-up profit or loss adjustment for the financial year ended
         31st March, 2023 as a result of the Amendment Ordinance was immaterial and did not restate the comparative figure
         for the consolidated financial statements. The LSP liabilities of HK$5,262,000 (2023 : HK$1,486,000) is recognised
         at 31st March, 2024.




                                                           • 107 •
    N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



25. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
  Capital commitments outstanding at 31st March, 2024 not provided for in the consolidated financial statements were as
  follows :-

  				                                                                                            2024                  2023
  				                                                                                         HK$’000               HK$’000

  Contracted for                                                                                  7,698                    293
  Authorised but not contracted for		                                                                 –                      –

  				                                                                                            7,698                    293



26. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
  At 31st March, 2024, the Company had the following contingent liabilities in respect of :-

  Guarantees of HK$727,730,000 (2023 : HK$797,813,000) given to banks to secure facilities granted to certain subsidiary
  companies. The facilities were utilised to the extent of HK$72,210,000 (2023 : HK$72,565,000) at the end of the reporting
  period.

  As at the end of the reporting period, the directors do not consider it probable that a claim will be made against the
  Company under any of the above guarantees. No provision was therefore made in this respect at 31st March, 2024 and
  31st March, 2023 respectively.



27. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
  The Group’s activities exposed the Group mainly to credit, liquidity, interest rate and foreign exchange risks. The Group
  is also exposed to equity price risk arising from its investments in equity and debt securities. The Group’s overall risk
  management programme seeks to minimise potential adverse effects of these financial risks on the Group’s financial
  performance.

  (a)   Credit risk
        Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a financial
        loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to deposits, trade debtors and investments in
        debt securities. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash and bank balances is limited because the
        counterparties are major banks, for which the Group considers to have low credit risk. Management has a credit
        policy in place and the exposures to these credit risks are monitored on an ongoing basis.

        Deposits are made to landlords with sound credit ratings and the Group has exposure limits to the amounts deposited
        in each of the landlords. While the deposits made to the landlords are also subject to the impairment requirements of
        HKFRS 9, there was no identified impairment loss as at 31st March, 2024 and 2023.

        The Group made transactions with counterparties with acceptable credit quality in conformance to the Group treasury
        policies to minimise credit exposure. Acceptable credit ratings from reputable credit rating agencies is an important
        criterion in the selection of counterparties. The credit quality of counterparties will be closely monitored over the
        life of the transaction. The Group reviews its financial counterparties periodically in order to reduce credit risk
        concentrations relative to the underlying size and credit strength of each counterparty.




                                                          • 108 •
                                                              N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



27. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (cont’d)
   (a)   Credit risk (cont’d)
         (i) Trade debtors
              Credit checks are part of the normal operating process and stringent monitoring procedures are in place to deal
              with overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverable amounts of trade debtors at the end of each
              reporting period to ensure that adequate loss allowances are made for irrecoverable amounts. Sales to retail
              customers are made in cash or via major credit cards.


              The Group has no significant concentration of credit risk with exposure spread over a number of counterparties
              and customers.


              Further quantitative disclosure in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade debtors are
              set out in Note 14.


              The Group measures loss allowances for trade debtors at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which is calculated
              using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate significantly
              different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past due status is not further
              distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.


              The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade debtors
              as at 31st March, 2024 and 31st March, 2023.

                   2024                         2023
   			 Gross 			Gross
   		 Expected   carrying     Loss Expected   carrying                                                                    Loss
   		  loss rate  amount allowance  loss rate  amount                                                                allowance
   		            HK$’000 HK$’000 		 HK$’000                                                                           HK$’000

              Neither past due nor impaired        0.0%        92,090              –           0.2%        49,429           (91)
              Less than 1 month past due           0.0%           108              –              –             –             –

              			                                              92,198              – 		49,429                               (91)

              Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past three years. These rates are adjusted
              to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historic data has been
              collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the debtors.


              Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade debtors during the year is as follows :-

         			                                                                                          2024               2023
         			                                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000

              At 1st April		                                                                              91              4,640
              Exchange difference		                                                                       (6)              (172)
              Impairment loss written back		                                                               –             (2,638)
              Bad debts written off		                                                                    (85)            (1,739)
              		
              At 31st March		                                                                              –                 91


                                                           • 109 •
     N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



27. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (cont’d)
   (a)   Credit risk (cont’d)
         (ii) Investments in debt securities
              Investments in debt securities are normally in liquid securities quoted on recognised stock exchanges, issued by
              corporates with sound credit standing (Note 12). Given their high credit standing, management does not expect
              any investment counterparty to fail to meet its obligations. Nevertheless, the Group’s management monitors the
              situation and will take further actions of any change.


              At 31st March, 2024, the Group held listed debt securities measured at amortised cost of HK$1,060,253,000
              (2023 : HK$1,199,282,000). Management assessed the credit risk of each of the Group’s investments in debt
              securities with reference to the grading by market credit rating agencies, where available, and default probability
              analysis performed by external agencies. As at the end of the reporting period, no significant increase in credit
              risk was identified since the initial recognition of each investment. The loss allowance recognised during the
              year was limited to 12 months expected credit losses.


              The Group estimated credit loss based on the respective 12 months default risk rate as at 31st March, 2024
              for the issuers of listed debt securities, which were obtained from external agencies. The loss allowance for
              investment in debt securities measured at amortised cost was recognised in profit or loss during the year.


              Movement in the loss allowance for debt securities measured at amortised cost during the year is as follows: -

         			                                                                                          2024               2023
         			                                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000

              At 1st April		                                                                           4,896              6,080
              Impairment loss recognised / (written back)		                                            1,620             (1,184)
              		
              At 31st March                                                                            6,516              4,896




                                                           • 110 •
                                                             N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



27. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (cont’d)
   (b)   Liquidity risk
         Individual operating entities within the Group are responsible for their own cash management, including the
         short-term investment of cash surpluses and the raising of loans to cover expected cash demands, subject to
         approval by the Company’s Board when the borrowings exceed certain pre-determined levels of authority. The
         Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements and its compliance with lending covenants,
         to ensure that it maintains sufficient cash and an adequate amount of credit facilities from major financial
         institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

         The following table details the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the Group’s
         financial liabilities, which is based on contractual undiscounted cash flow (including interest payments computed
         using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest
         date the Group can be required to pay.


         				 Contractual undiscounted cash flow
         						                                    More than
         					                     Within one    one year but
         		  Carrying		             year or on       less than
         			  amount    Total         demand        five years
         		  HK$’000  HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000

         At 31st March, 2024
         Creditors, accruals and provisions		               406,277            406,277             369,121             37,156
         Bank loans		                                       799,093            800,034             800,034                  –
         Lease liabilities                                  511,640            535,715             175,521            360,194

         			                                              1,717,010          1,742,026           1,344,676            397,350

         At 31st March, 2023
         Creditors, accruals and provisions		               439,999            439,999             385,626             54,373
         Bank loans		                                     1,005,553          1,006,829           1,006,829                  –
         Lease liabilities		                                689,871            725,431             259,062            466,369

         			                                              2,135,423          2,172,259           1,651,517            520,742




                                                          • 111 •
     N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



27. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (cont’d)
   (c) Interest rate risk
       Except for the short-term bank borrowings of HK$799,093,000 (2023 : HK$1,005,553,000) held at effective interest
       rate of 5.63 per cent. per annum (2023 : 5.18 per cent.) as at 31st March, 2024, the Group has no significant interest
       bearing liabilities. The short-term bank borrowings at floating rate expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk
       which is insignificant to the Group. The Group’s exposure to changes in interest rates also relates to bank deposits and
       debt securities which are fixed in interest rates, hence the Group’s income and operating cash flows are substantially
       independent of changes in market interest rates. Management does not anticipate significant impact resulting from
       changes in interest rates.

   (d) Foreign exchange risk
       The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from commercial transactions, recognised assets and liabilities
       and net investments in foreign operations.

         As at the year end, the foreign exchange risk of the Group arising from commercial transactions, recognised assets
         and liabilities is considered to be insignificant. This is due to the Group’s transactions being generally denominated
         in the functional currencies of the respective group entities, while balances denominated in currencies other than the
         functional currency of the relevant group entities are generally settled promptly leaving minimal outstanding foreign
         currency position as at the end of the reporting period.

         To manage foreign exchange risk arising from commercial transactions, recognised assets and liabilities, companies
         of the Group may use forward foreign exchange contracts when major fluctuation in the relevant foreign currency is
         anticipated.

   (e)   Price risk
         The Group is exposed to equity price risk because the Group have securities held for trading and financial assets
         designated at fair value through profit or loss.

         At 31st March, 2024, if there had been a 1 per cent. (2023 : 1 per cent.) increase / decrease in the fair value of
         securities held for trading and financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss with all other variables
         held constant, the Group’s profit after tax and total equity would have increased / decreased by HK$711,000 (2023 :
         HK$3,660,000).




                                                            • 112 •
                                                               N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



28. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
  (a)   Other financial assets carried at fair value
        (i) Fair value hierarchy
             The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of the reporting
             period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair
             value measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with reference to
             the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows :-

             Level 1 valuations :     Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in active
                                      markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

             Level 2 valuations :     Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to meet Level 1,
                                      and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which
                                      market data are not available

             Level 3 valuations :     Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

        					 Level 3                                                                                                    Total
        					HK$’000                                                                                                   HK$’000

             At 31st March, 2024
             Recurring fair value measurements
             Other financial assets		
                Unlisted equity and non-equity securities
             		 designated at fair value through profit or loss			                                     71,126             71,126

             At 31st March, 2023
             Recurring fair value measurements
             Other financial assets		
                Unlisted equity and non-equity securities
             		 designated at fair value through profit or loss			                                    365,984            365,984

             Transfers between levels
             During the years ended 31st March, 2024 and 31st March, 2023, there were no transfers among different levels of
             fair value hierarchy.




                                                            • 113 •
         N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



28. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (cont’d)
   (a)     Other financial assets carried at fair value (cont’d)
           (ii) Information about Level 3 fair value measurements
                The Group’s Level 3 financial instruments represent unlisted equity and non-equity securities which their fair
                values are based on unobservable inputs. The directors of the Group perform the valuation on Level 3 financial
                instruments for financial reporting purposes. Their fair value have been determined using adjusted recent financing
                approach, with reference to the pricing of the recent transactions, or valuation supplied by fund managers. These
                valuations are measured by the percentage of ownership of the net asset value, which is an unobservable input.
                The fund managers apply appropriate valuation techniques such as latest transaction price, discounted cash flow,
                or comparison with publicly-traded comparable companies and after applying a liquidity discount.


                 The movement during the year in the balance of these Level 3 fair value measurements is as follows :-

           			                                                                                          2024               2023
           Unlisted equity securities :-		                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000

           At 1st April		                                                                             365,984            521,356
           Payment for purchases		                                                                     47,100              9,538
           Net realised and unrealised losses recognised in profit or loss		                           (2,012)           (74,921)
           Disposals                                                                                 (339,946)           (89,989)
           			
           At 31st March		                                                                             71,126            365,984




                                                              • 114 •
                                                                 N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



28. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (cont’d)
   (b)   Fair value of other financial assets carried at other than fair value
         For other financial instruments carried at amortised cost as at 31st March, 2024 and 31st March, 2023, their carrying
         amounts and fair value and level of fair value hierarchy are disclosed below :-

         					                                        Fair value
         					                                     measurements
         			        Carrying		                              as at
         			         amount          Fair value 31st March, 2024
         			             as at             as at categorised into
         			 31st March, 2024  31st March, 2024           Level 1
         			        HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000

         Listed and unlisted debt and non-equity securities
          measured at amortised cost                                       1,060,253               1,008,113              1,008,113

         				                                          Fair value
         					                                      measurements
         			         Carrying		                              as at
         			          amount         Fair value  31st March, 2023
         			             as at             as at  categorised into
         			 31st March, 2023  31st March, 2023           Level 1
         			        HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000

         Listed and unlisted debt and non-equity securities
          measured at amortised cost                                       1,199,282               1,133,214              1,133,214



29. ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
   Note 27 contains information about the assumptions and their risk factors relating to financial risk management. Other
   estimates and judgements are discussed below :-


   (a)   Inventories
         The Group evaluates the carrying value of inventories based on their estimated net realisable value. It is possible that the
         actual net realisable value may be different from that estimated due to changes in consumer preference and retail market
         environment.


   (b)   Assessment of impairment of non-current assets
         The Group conducts impairment reviews of other non-current assets that are subject to depreciation and amortisation
         whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Management
         assesses the recoverable amount of each non-current asset based on its value in use or on its fair value less costs of
         disposal (by reference to market prices), whichever is higher, depending upon the anticipated future plans for the assets.
         These calculations require the use of judgements and estimates.




                                                              • 115 •
    N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



30. COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

      			                                                                                 2024            2023
      		                 NOTE                                                          HK$’000         HK$’000
  Non-current assets
   Subsidiary companies		                                                             1,833,321       1,833,321


  Current assets			
   Debtors, deposits and prepayments		    231    228
   Cash and bank balances 		           16,113 16,125


  			                                                                                     16,344          16,353
                                                                                    ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣   ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣

  Current liabilities			
   Creditors and accruals		 215 247


  			                                                                                        215             247
                                                                                    ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣   ﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣﹣

  Net current assets		                                                                    16,129         16,106


  Total assets less current liabilities		                                             1,849,450       1,849,427


  Non-current liability				
   Amount due to a subsidiary company		 741,101 741,412


  Net assets		
             1,108,349 1,108,015


  Capital and reserves 21		
   Share capital		        118,261 118,261
   Reserves		             990,088 989,754


  Total equity attributable to equity
    shareholders of the Company		                                                     1,108,349       1,108,015


  Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 13th June, 2024.




                 Dickson Poon                                      Chan Hon Chung, Johnny Pollux
            Group Executive Chairman                                     Executive Director




                                                       • 116 •
                                                             N OT E S O N T H E F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S



31. GOVERNMENT SUBSIDIES
  During the year ended 31st March, 2023, the Group recognised subsidies of HK$10,555,000 under the Hong Kong SAR
  government’s Employment Support Scheme in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. The subsidies were recognised
  to offset the staff costs under selling and distribution expenses and administrative expenses.



32. POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND
    INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR
    ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2024
  Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of new or amended standards, which
  are not yet effective for the year ended 31st March, 2024 and which have not been adopted in these financial statements.
  These developments include the following which may be relevant to the Group :-


                                                                                                    Effective for accounting
                                                                                               periods beginning on or after


  Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements:
    Classification of liabilities as current or non-current                                                 1st January, 2024
  Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements: Non-current
    liabilities with covenants                                                                              1st January, 2024
  Amendments to HKFRS 16, Leases: Lease liability in a sale and leaseback                                   1st January, 2024
  Amendments to HKAS 7, Statement of cash flows and HKFRS 7, Financial
    Instruments: Disclosures: Supplier finance arrangements                                                 1st January, 2024
  Amendments to HKAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates:
   Lack of exchangeability                                                                                  1st January, 2025


  The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected to be in the
  period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant impact on
  the consolidated financial statements.




                                                          • 117 •
       PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARY COMPANIE S
       AT 3 1 ST M A R C H , 2 0 2 4



                                   Issued share           Effective percentage		                       Place of
                                   capital / Registered      shareholding 		                           incorporation /
Name                               capital                Directly Indirectly   Principal activities   operation

PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES :-


Ambrose China Limited    US$1           – 100 Sale of lighters,     British Virgin
							writing instruments, 		Islands /
							leather goods, watches		Hong Kong
							and fashion products
				
Bertolucci SA            CHF100,000     – 100 Sale of watches       Switzerland
				
Bestway Holdings Limited HK$3,500,000   – 100 Investment holding,   Hong Kong
 裕宏集團有限公司                                       sale of watches and
							licensing of leather
							goods
				
Bondwood Investments     HK$2           – 100 Sale and licensing of Hong Kong
 Limited                 				 fashion products
 寶活投資有限公司                                       and accessories
				
Castlereagh Limited      US$2         100   – Investment holding    British Virgin
									                                                            Islands /
										Hong Kong		

Dickson Concepts Limited HK$1,000 – 100 Investment holding, Hong Kong
 廸生創建有限公司					 provision of
							interior design,
							management
							consultancy and
 						 professional
							services and operation
							of warehouses					

Dickson Concepts Asia- US$2 – 100 Sale of fashion British Virgin 		
 Pacific Limited					 products		 Islands /
										Taiwan

Dickson Concepts (Retail) HK$10,000,000 – 100 Sale of watches and Hong Kong
 Limited					 operation of
 (company name formerly 					 Harvey Nichols,
 “Harvey Nichols					 Beauty Avenue and
 (Hong Kong) Limited”)					 Beauty Bazaar stores			




                                                              • 118 •
                                                            PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARY COMPANIE S
                                                                                AT 3 1 ST M A R C H , 2 0 2 4


                       Issued share           Effective percentage		                            Place of
                       capital / Registered      shareholding 		                                incorporation /
Name                   capital                Directly Indirectly   Principal activities        operation

PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES (cont’d) :-

Dickson Concepts     US$65,000 100 – Sale of watches British Virgin
 (Retail 1) Limited 								 Islands /
										Hong Kong

Dickson Concepts     HK$10,000 – 100 Sale of watches and                                        Hong Kong
 (Wholesale) Limited					 fashion products
				
Dickson Enterprises  HK$2      – 100 Arrangement of                                             Hong Kong
 Limited					 property tenancy
 廸生創建(集團)有限公司                         agreements

Dickson Interior Design HK$2 – 100 Provision of interior                                        Hong Kong
 Limited					 design services
 廸生室內設計有限公司

Dickson Licensing      US$1         100   – Trademarks agency British Virgin
 Limited								 Islands
				
Dickson Trading (Asia) HK$1,000,000   – 100 Sale of fashion   Hong Kong /
 Company Limited					 products		 Taiwan
 廸生貿易(亞洲)有限公司

Dreams Concept Limited   HK$2         –     100    Securities     Hong Kong
							investment
				
Ever Success Consultancy HK$1,000,000 –     100    Provision of   People’s
 (Shenzhen) Limited			                  foreign- 		 management		 Republic of
					                                    owned 		consultancy and		China
					 enterprise		professional services					

Ever Success Management HK$2 – 100 Provision of                                                 Hong Kong		
 Limited					 management
 永盛管理有限公司					 consultancy and
							professional services

Harvey Nichols         HK$2 – 100 Sale of watches Hong Kong
 (Hong Kong) Limited 				
 (company name formerly				
 “Dickson Concepts						
 (Retail) Limited”)								




                                                  • 119 •
       PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARY COMPANIE S
       AT 3 1 ST M A R C H , 2 0 2 4



                                   Issued share           Effective percentage		                           Place of
                                   capital / Registered      shareholding 		                               incorporation /
Name                               capital                Directly Indirectly   Principal activities       operation

PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES (cont’d) :-

Honca Limited HK$2 – 100 Arrangement of                                                                    Hong Kong
 廣嘉有限公司 					 property tenancy
							agreements

Leading Way Apparel US$200,000 –                                             100   Sale of lighters,       People’s
 Shanghai Limited			                                                     foreign-		 writing instruments, 		 Republic of
					                                                                     owned 		 leather goods and 		 China
					                                                                  enterprise		fashion products

Kinford International US$1 100   – Investment holding  British Virgin
 Limited								 Islands			
									
Mighty Achievements   HK$2   – 100 Property investment Hong Kong
 Investments Limited
				
Mighty Leader Limited HK$2   – 100 Arrangement of      Hong Kong
 霸令有限公司 					 property tenancy
							agreements

Million Triumph Limited HK$1,000,000 – 100 Arrangement of                                                  Hong Kong
 萬旋有限公司 					 property tenancy
							agreements

Oakline Limited HK$2 – 100 Arrangement of                                                                  Hong Kong
  					 property tenancy
							agreements

Palton Limited HK$2 – 100 Arrangement of                                                                   Hong Kong
 寶敦有限公司 					 property tenancy
							agreements

Pui Chak Enterprises               HK$24,000                   –            100     Property investment    Hong Kong
 Limited
 培澤企業有限公司

Raglan Resources Limited US$1 – 100 Investment holding British Virgin
										Islands

Sunibo Limited HK$2 – 100 Arrangement of                                                                   Hong Kong
   					 property tenancy
							agreements
		




                                                             • 120 •
                                                                 PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARY COMPANIE S
                                                                                     AT 3 1 ST M A R C H , 2 0 2 4


                            Issued share           Effective percentage		                            Place of
                            capital / Registered      shareholding 		                                incorporation /
Name                        capital                Directly Indirectly   Principal activities        operation

PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES (cont’d) :-


The Dickson Trading    NTD200,000,000 – 100 Sale of watches and Taiwan
 (Taiwan) Co., Ltd.					 fashion products			
		
Top Able Management    HK$1           – 100 Sale of watches     Hong Kong
 Limited					 		
 (company name changed								
 to “328 Richie Rich
 Company Limited” with
 effect from 4th June,
 2024)

Top Strength Ventures US$130,000 – 100 Securities British Virgin
 Limited					 investment		 Islands /
										Hong Kong

聯彩國際貿易（深圳）                       RMB1,000,000                   –         100       Provision of      People’s
 有限公司			                                                              foreign-		 import services		 Republic of
					                                                                  owned					China
					 enterprise
					
The issued share capital of all the above principal subsidiary companies consists of ordinary shares.




                                                       • 121 •
        FIVE YE AR GROUP FINANCIAL SUMMARY



		                                           2024             2023            2022        2021        2020
		                                        HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
					
Revenue                        2,400,137 2,130,785 2,020,334 2,275,492                             2,937,710

Profit before taxation                     355,373              274,376     247,717     533,410     695,704
Taxation                                    (4,606)             (21,739)    (46,778)    (71,590)     (49,881)

Profit for the year attributable
  to equity shareholders of the Company    350,767              252,637     200,939     461,820     645,823

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

Property, plant and equipment            63,083    76,606     61,267    44,519                        47,813
Right-of-use assets                     212,017   275,971   260,317    148,819                       113,646
Deferred tax assets                           –         –          –         –                         1,995
Non-current deposits and prepayments     60,969    76,816     80,147         –                             –
Other financial assets                  476,751 1,284,856  1,757,112 1,318,249                     1,195,424
Net current assets                    3,164,473 2,196,105  1,767,183 2,299,458                     2,373,174
					
Total assets less current liabilities 3,977,293 3,910,354 3,926,026  3,811,045                     3,732,052

Non-current creditors and provisions        37,156               54,373      56,649           –           –
Lease liabilities                          347,993              445,721     548,771     548,071     738,498
Deferred tax liabilities                    20,408               21,166      22,773      21,983      20,353

Net assets                                3,571,736        3,389,094       3,297,833   3,240,991   2,973,201

Share capital                         118,261   118,261   118,261   118,261   118,261
Reserves                            3,453,475 3,270,833 3,179,572 3,122,730 2,854,940
Total equity attributable to equity
  shareholders of the Company       3,571,736 3,389,094 3,297,833 3,240,991 2,973,201
					
OTHER FINANCIAL DATA					

Earnings per share (HK cents)                  89.0                64.1         51.0       117.2       162.9
Dividend per share (HK cents)                  45.0                35.0         35.0        35.0        55.0




                                                      • 122 •
