

=== PAGE 1 ===
Annual Report
2025
年報
中期報告 2025 Interim Report
年報 2025 Annual Report

=== PAGE 2 ===
1
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
CONTENTS
　
Corporate Information 2
Chairman’s Statement 3
Management Discussion and Analysis 5
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management 12
Report of the Directors 16
Corporate Governance Report 24
Independent Auditor’s Report 40
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other 
Comprehensive Income 44
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 45
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 46
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 47
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 48
Five-Year Financial Summary 108

=== PAGE 3 ===
CORPORATE INFORMATION
 
2
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Ng Wing Hong
Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis 
Ms. Leung Shuk Ping 
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Sin Ho Chiu 
Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas
Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu
Mr. Chan Kin Kan  
(appointed with effect from 30 May 2025)
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
Mr. Ng Wing Hong 
Mr. Chan Chor Fai  
(appointed with effect from 12 September 2025)
AUDIT COMMITTEE
Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas (Chairman)
Mr. Sin Ho Chiu 
Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu
Mr. Chan Kin Kan  
(appointed with effect from 30 May 2025)
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Mr. Sin Ho Chiu (Chairman) 
Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas 
Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu
Mr. Chan Kin Kan  
(appointed with effect from 30 May 2025)
Mr. Ng Wing Hong
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu (Chairman)
Mr. Sin Ho Chiu
Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas 
Mr. Chan Kin Kan  
(appointed with effect from 30 May 2025)
Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis
COMPANY SECRETARY
Mr. Chan Chor Fai  
(appointed with effect from 12 September 2025)
LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE ADVISERS
Robertsons
(Hong Kong law)
AUDITORS
KPMG
(Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance 
with the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council 
Ordinance)
REGISTERED OFFICE
Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
P .O. Box 2681
Grand Cayman KY1-1111 
Cayman Islands
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
Unit A, 4/F, Dragon Industrial Building 
No. 93 King Lam Street, Lai Chi Kok 
Kowloon, Hong Kong
PLACE OF BUSINESS IN CHINESE MAINLAND
L28-01M7, Building T3,Qianhai Zhuoyue Financial Center,
5109 Menghai Boulevard, 
Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong Cooperation Zone
Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND  
TRANSFER OFFICE
Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
P .O. Box 2681
Grand Cayman KY1-1111 
Cayman Islands
HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
Tricor Investor Services Limited 
17/F, Far East Finance Centre 
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong
PRINCIPAL BANKER
Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited 
Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation 
Limited
COMPANY WEBSITE ADDRESS
http://www.baguio.com.hk
STOCK CODE
01397

=== PAGE 4 ===
CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT
 
3
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the board of directors (the “Directors” and the “Board” respectively) of Baguio Green Group Limited (the 
“Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group” or “Baguio”), I am pleased to present the consolidated results 
of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 (the “Year”). This year marks a milestone for Baguio, characterised 
by record-breaking financial performance, strategic market expansion, and a fundamental transformation of innovation-
driven future.
Policy Benefits Providing Future Growth Drivers
Baguio’s development strategy is perfectly aligned with the environmental policies of the country and the HKSAR 
Government. As the Hong Kong Government further deepens its initiatives of green tech hub and zero carbon emissions 
and develop into a smart city, Baguio is benefited from the core policies including the Waste Blueprint for Hong Kong 
2035, the Hong Kong ’s Climate Action Plan 2050, the Northern Metropolis Action Agenda 2023, and the Producer 
Responsibility Scheme on Plastic Beverage Containers and Beverage Cartons, to convert policy benefits into long-term 
drivers for the Group’s sustainable development.
Meanwhile, the Outline of the National “15th Five-Year” Plan (2026 – 2030) has clearly outlined the national development 
direction of “high-quality development as the primary objective, scientific and technological innovation as the driving 
force, and green and low-carbon development as guiding principle ” for the next five years, with an emphasis on the 
continuous improvement of ecological and environmental quality, and integrates resource recycling and carbon neutral 
actions into the core of the economic structural upgrading. These long-term national environmental policies will unlock 
broader growth prospects for Baguio.
Technological Innovation Driving the Group’s Transformation and Development
Baguio regards technological innovation as the core driver of corporate transformation and actively implements digital 
and smart operational strategies. The Group embraces artificial intelligence, big data and Internet of Things and other 
new technologies to achieve efficient and precise management. Meanwhile, we are committed to developing resource 
recycling technologies to promote a circular economy and are actively expanding the footprint of “Baguio Green 
Technology”. Our products, including smart recycling machines, smart food waste recycling machines, smart balances, 
solar-powered compacting refuse bins and people counting systems etc., has been widely deployed across Hong Kong. 
These technologies deliver core data analytics that support customers in fulfilling their ESG commitments. Baguio is 
evolving into an environmental enterprise centred on green technology, unlocking vast potential for a sustainable future.
Commitment to Business Diversification
With a solid foundation established through years of deep involvement in the environmental protection sector, the Group 
continues to implement a strategy of “horizontal expansion and vertical deepening ”. Horizontally, we are engaged in 
the provision of high-value-added green services, e.g. successful expansion in marine cleansing in recent years, green 
technology business, and operation of “GREEN@Tai Wo” and “GREEN@Po Lam” recycling stores, and have established 
a promising and sustainable business model. Vertically, Baguio has continuously explored business opportunities with 
the Government and private markets, while integrating upstream and downstream resources. We have extended our 
services scope from traditional operations to the research and development of environmental technologies and data 
applications, and promoted the transformation of our business model from labour-intensive to innovation-driven, thereby 
expanding our business footprint and enhancing our core competitiveness and long-term value.
Long Term Housing Strategy Boosting Business Growth
According to the Budget, the Government is accelerating housing supply, with around 308,000 new public housing units 
expected to be completed over the next decade. With the development of the Northern Metropolis gathering pace, 
the four development areas namely Kwu Tung North/Fanling North, Hung Shui Kiu/Ha Tsuen, Yuen Long South, and 
San Tin Technopole are under construction. The Government has resumed more than 400 hectares of private land and 
completed land levelling for 80 hectares, which has been handed over to relevant departments to build infrastructure, 
housing, schools and ecological conservation facilities. This large-scale urban development will present substantial 
opportunities for the Group ’s core businesses.

=== PAGE 5 ===
CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT
 
4
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
Opportunities Arising from Enhanced Climate-related Disclosure Requirements by the Hong Kong Stock 
Exchange
Since 1 January 2025, the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (the “ESG Guide ”) of the Hong 
Kong Stock Exchange has incorporated mandatory climate-related disclosure requirements in phases, creating new 
opportunities for the Group ’s ESG-related business. As a one-stop sustainable development solutions provider, Baguio 
assists enterprises in collecting, analysing and reporting ESG data through a big data platform to enhance transparency. 
In terms of waste management, we apply recycling and conversion technologies to effectively help customers increase 
recycling rates and reduce “Scope 3” carbon emissions, thereby supporting enterprises in achieving their sustainable 
development goals. 
Outlook
The future of environmental services is smart, green and data-driven. As the Government advances the development of 
smart city, the Group is heading towards digital transformation and evolving into a more resilient enterprise with more 
emphasis on technological innovation. Meanwhile, we are actively exploring suitable opportunities for mergers and 
acquisitions, joint ventures and new businesses to accelerate business growth.
A Few Words of Appreciation
Finally, I would like to express my most sincere gratitude and appreciation to the Board; to our employees for their hard 
work, dedication and positive attitude; and to all our customers and business partners for their trust in and support of 
the Group. Looking forward, we will endeavour to deliver considerable returns to our shareholders.
Ng Wing Hong
Chairman of the Board
Hong Kong
24 March 2026

=== PAGE 6 ===
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
 
5
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
MARKET REVIEW
Despite the impact of geopolitical volatility and trade barriers on the global economy in 2025, with some countries 
slowing down their carbon reduction commitments, the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
(the “Government”) has always adhered to environmental protection as its crucial policy. As the Waste Blueprint for 
Hong Kong 2035 enters a critical implementation phase, the Government has clearly put forward two major goals of 
“zero landfill” and “waste reduction and efficiency improvement ” and takes the Northern Metropolis as a new engine to 
promote smart city and green development.
As a leader in integrated environmental services in Hong Kong, Baguio ’s business covers cleaning, recycling, waste 
management, green technology, landscaping and pest management, which are considered a rigid demand. During 
the economic transition period in 2025, despite uncertainties in the external market, the Group ’s services remained 
resilient to the economic environment and proactively promoted circular economy and made contributions to sustainable 
development and smart city construction of Hong Kong.
During the Year, the Government adopted a “multi-pronged” strategy on waste reduction and recycling, focusing on 
food waste recycling and the legislative framework to achieve the long-term goal of “Zero Landfill”. In addition to actively 
promoting waste reduction and recycling, the Government has achieved full coverage of smart food waste recycling bins 
in public housing estates and is striving toward the target of “one bin per block ”, to vigorously expand the community 
recycling support network, which fully demonstrates the Government ’s determination to advance waste reduction and 
recycling. Meanwhile, the Legislative Council passed “The Promotion of Recycling and Proper Disposal of Products 
(Miscellaneous Amendments) Bill 2025 ” in 2025, establishing a unified producer responsibility scheme framework for 
plastic beverage containers and beverage cartons. The legislation will not only help boost recycling rate but also foster 
the healthy development of the industry.
BUSINESS REVIEW
Revenue for the Year amounted to approximately HK$2,424.6 million, representing a decrease of approximately 6.9% 
as compared to the same period last year. Profit for the Year amounted to approximately HK$97.1 million, representing 
an increase of approximately 72.0% as compared to the same period last year. Revenue from cleaning services as 
the Group’s core business amounted to approximately HK$1,896.5 million, accounting for approximately 78.2% of the 
Group’s total revenue.
The Group’s cleaning services cover various scenarios, including for Government streets, markets, police stations, fire 
stations, leisure venues, hospitals and clinics. In addition, the Group provides cleaning services for numerous different 
places such as universities, large exhibition centers, Hong Kong International Airport, housing estates and private 
institutions.
During the Year, the Group successfully awarded a 3-year contract from the Marine Department of the Government 
for approximately HK$150 million for the provision of “Marine Refuse Cleansing and Disposal Services in the Eastern 
waters of Hong Kong ”. This contract marks a significant milestone for Baguio, as it represents a strategic expansion of 
its service portfolio from land to sea, further strengthening its leading position in Hong Kong ’s integrated environmental 
services market. Under the contract, Baguio delivers comprehensive marine refuse cleansing and ship refuse collection 
services in the Eastern waters of Hong Kong starting from 1 October 2025 including, but not limited to: Victoria Harbour, 
Central, Sheung Wan, Causeway Bay, Tsim Sha Tsui, Yau Ma Tei, Cheung Sha Wan, Shau Kei Wan, Kwun Tong, Sai 
Kung, Tolo Harbour and Tai Po. Winning this contract signifies strong market recognition of Baguio ’s outstanding 
performance over the past 46 years. The Group will seamlessly extend its professional standards and operational 
efficiency in land-based waste management to the marine environment, striving to safeguard Hong Kong ’s valuable 
marine ecosystem and present a cleaner, more beautiful Victoria Harbour to both residents and tourists.

=== PAGE 7 ===
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
 
6
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
Waste management and recycling business recorded revenue of approximately HK$277.8 million, accounting for 
approximately 11.5% of the Group ’s total revenue. The gross profit margin of the waste management and recycling 
business increased from 11.6% for the same period last year to 15.0%, driving the gross profit of this business up 
by approximately 25.2% to approximately HK$41.9 million, mainly due to the Government ’s proactive promotion 
of recycling and the substantial expansion of the network of recycling spots, including those for food waste, which 
facilitated public participation and effectively stimulated collection, and the contribution from the green technology 
business.
The Group continued to provide Government-related waste collection services to five districts, serving a population of 
approximately 1.6 million.
In terms of recycling, the Group is contracted by the Environmental Protection Department ( “EPD”) of the Government 
to provide collection services for thousands of recycling spots (including plastics, glass bottles, metals, waste paper 
and food waste) across Hong Kong. During the Year, the Group provided collection services for recycling bins in 
public places and schools. Baguio also provides collection services for Recycling Stations of “GREEN@COMMUNITY”, 
recycling stores and smart recycling machines, and other institutions in Hong Kong. In addition, Baguio also provides 
the Government with glass bottles collection and management services and food waste collection services in several 
districts in Hong Kong, and is one of the market leaders. In addition, during the Year, the Group was successfully 
awarded two 35-month contracts from the EPD, with a total value of approximately HK$43 million. During the Year, the 
Group was responsible for operating the “GREEN@Tai Wo” and “GREEN@Po Lam” recycling stores, and collaborated 
with nearby buildings, organizations, and community stakeholders to establish and operate fixed and mobile recycling 
spots for waste collection, provide community recycling support to facilitate citizens, and promote and educate the 
public on waste sorting and recycling in the community to strengthen citizens ’ recycling habits.
As a leading environmental services provider in Hong Kong, the Group provides integrated environmental management 
solutions including waste management, smart recycling and professional landscaping services to Kai Tak Sports Park, 
which hosts major sports events and concerts. With excellent environmental protection technologies and experience 
in operating large-scale international venues, the Group has fully demonstrated its strength in undertaking large-scale 
international programmes and delivering high-quality services. During the Year, the Group also provided waste recycling 
services for various Lunar New Year fairs across Hong Kong Island, Kowloon and the New Territories.
Regarding green technology business, the Group won a new contract in relation to the development and supply of a 
new generation of solar-powered compacting refuse bins to the Government. This innovative product is designed with 
an auto-sensing inlet and indicator lights, and under its sealed design, it is equipped with devices for ventilation, lighting, 
and deodorization. Meanwhile, it is equipped with a big data platform and wireless technology to monitor data in real 
time, enabling effective tracking of the status of waste collection points, strategic deployment of resources, optimization 
of operational efficiency, and enhanced planning for future initiatives. Furthermore, the solar-powered compacting refuse 
bins adopt solar panels and rely on renewable energy, which significantly reduces carbon emissions. They can be flexibly 
deployed in various scenarios, suitable for remote areas where there are no refuse collection points. This product is 
expected to be gradually launched into the market in 2026.
The Group seizes the opportunity of smart city development and has been committed to expanding its market share 
of smart recycling in recent years. Currently, Baguio ’s smart recycling products, such as smart recycling machines, 
smart food waste recycling machines, and smart balances, have been deployed in different places across Hong Kong, 
including Government venues and schools, private housing estates, commercial buildings, theme parks, large-scale 
exhibition venues, and sports stadiums. These products provide the public with convenient recycling services 24 hours a 
day and help increase Hong Kong ’s overall recycling volume.
In partnership with Jardine Engineering Corporation Limited, the Pilot Biochar Production Plant at the EcoPark in Tuen 
Mun converts yard waste into high-quality biochar with pyrolysis technology for various applications, the production 
plant effectively “turns waste into useful resources ”.

=== PAGE 8 ===
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
 
7
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
As for the landscaping business, the Group provides landscaping services for a wide range of clients, including large 
private residences, Government premises, schools, shopping malls, hotels, Hong Kong Housing Authority, Hospital 
Authority, Hong Kong Jockey Club, Hong Kong Science Park, the University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong University of 
Science and Technology, Hong Kong Wetland Park, as well as 33 sports turf venues under the Leisure and Cultural 
Services Department, etc. During the Year, the Group provided landscaping services for Kai Tak Sports Park, Hong 
Kong International Airport, Hong Kong-Shenzhen Innovation and Technology Park, Nano Parks, the Tung Chung New 
Town Extension (West), Hung Shui Kiu/Ha Tsuen New Development Area and the ventilation building at the eastern 
portal of the Tseung Kwan O – Lam Tin Tunnel.
For pest management business, the Group provided pest management services for venues in the Tsuen Wan 
District during the Year. In addition, the Group provided pest and rodent control services for hospitals, clinics and the 
headquarters of the Kowloon East, Kowloon Central and Kowloon West Clusters under the Hospital Authority. The 
Group also continued to provide termite control and monitoring services for 24 temples under the Chinese Temples 
Committee.
PROSPECTS
The Promotion of Recycling and Proper Disposal of Products (Miscellaneous Amendments) Bill 2025 submitted by the 
Government was passed by the Legislative Council during the Year. This bill establishes a common legal framework 
for producer responsibility scheme applicable to different products. Under this framework, the Government plans to 
submit the producer responsibility scheme on plastic beverage containers and beverage cartons in 2026. The scheme 
encourages citizens to return used containers for recycling to earn rebate, which will help significantly increase the 
recycling rate. Benefiting from the scheme, Baguio ’s recycling volume is expected to be directly driven up, providing 
attractive returns for the Group ’s long-term investments in recycling services and competitive barriers.
The Government is actively developing the Northern Metropolis. Four new development areas include Kwu Tung North/
Fanling North, Hung Shui Kiu/Ha Tsuen, Yuen Long South, and San Tin Technopole are under construction. The 
Government has resumed more than 400 hectares of private land within these four new development areas, completed 
land levelling for 80 hectares, and is progressively handing over these lands to relevant departments for building road 
and railway infrastructure, public and private housing, schools, public markets, ecological conservation, as well as 
development of innovation and technology industry. The Group believes that this will bring opportunities for many of its 
core businesses.
Looking forward, the Group will continue to increase the market share of its core businesses and proactively engage 
in expansion in Hong Kong and beyond. Meanwhile, in line with the development of the Group, it will actively explore 
potential mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures or new business projects to accelerate future business growth and 
deliver substantial and long-term returns to shareholders.
CONTRACTS ON HAND
As of 31 December 2025, the Group had a total amount of approximately HK$2,535.6 million worth of unexpired 
contracts on hand, of which, approximately HK$1,560.1 million will be recognised by the end of 2026, approximately 
HK$667.6 million will be recognised in 2027 and the rest of approximately HK$307.9 million will be recognised in 2028 
and beyond.
Contract
Contract Contract value to be
Backlog value to be value to be recognised
contract recognised by recognised by in 2028 and
value 31 Dec 2026 31 Dec 2027 beyond
HK$’million HK$’million HK$’million HK$’million
Cleaning services 1,806.6 1,180.9 427.7 198.0
Waste management and recycling services 405.1 204.1 134.2 66.8
Landscaping services 242.2 143.4 76.2 22.6
Pest management services 81.7 31.7 29.5 20.5
Total 2,535.6 1,560.1 667.6 307.9

=== PAGE 9 ===
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
 
8
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
Riding on our professional management, quality services and stringent control in safety precaution, the Group continued 
to maintain a high tender success rate at approximately 35.9% in 2025 (2024: 35.6%) in term of number of tender. We 
continuously strive to expand our services scope in order to enhance our competitiveness and broaden our service 
capabilities.
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Results
For the Year, the Group ’s revenue was approximately HK$2,424.6 million, representing a decrease of approximately 
6.9% (2024: HK$2,603.1 million). Gross profit increased by approximately 22.4% to approximately HK$230.6 million 
(2024: HK$188.4 million) and gross profit margin increased by 2.3 percentage points ( “p.p.”) to approximately 9.5% 
(2024: 7.2%). Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company amounted to approximately HK$97.3 million, 
representing in a year-on-year increase of approximately 80.6% (2024: HK$53.9 million), with net profit margin increased 
by 1.8 p.p. to approximately 4.0% (2024: 2.2%). Earnings per share was HK23.4 cents (2024: HK13.0 cents).
Revenue
Revenue for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 amounted to approximately HK$2,424.6 million and 
HK$2,603.1 million respectively, representing a decrease of approximately 6.9%.
Revenue breakdown of major business segments
For the year ended
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Revenue % of total Revenue % of total
(HK$ million) revenue (HK$ million) revenue Change
Cleaning 1,896.5 78.2% 2,086.8 80.1% -9.1%
Waste management and recycling 277.8 11.5% 285.8 11.0% -2.8%
Landscaping 195.5 8.0% 160.2 6.2% +22.0%
Pest management 54.8 2.3% 70.3 2.7% -22.0%
2,424.6 100.0% 2,603.1 100.0% -6.9%
Due to intense competition within the cleaning industry, revenue from cleaning segment declined by approximately 
9.1%, primarily due to the expiry of certain cleansing contracts. Revenue from waste management and recycling 
segment remained stable. Revenue from pest management segment also decreased by approximately 22.0%, which 
was attributable to the expiry of certain pest control services contracts during the Year. Revenue from landscaping 
segment increased by approximately 22.0% owing to the substantial completion of several major contracts. 

=== PAGE 10 ===
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
 
9
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
Cost of Services
Cost of services for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 amounted to approximately HK$2,194.0 million and 
HK$2,414.7 million respectively, representing approximately 90.5% and 92.8% of revenue for the corresponding years 
respectively. Cost of services primarily comprised direct wages, direct overhead expenses, material consumables and 
sub-contracting fees.
Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
Gross profit for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 were approximately HK$230.6 million and HK$188.4 
million respectively, representing an increase of approximately 22.4%, while gross profit margins for the years ended 31 
December 2025 and 2024 were approximately 9.5% and 7.2% respectively.
Gross profit margin of major business segments
For the year ended
31 December 
2025
31 December 
2024 Change
Cleaning 7.6% 6.1% +1.5 p.p
Waste management and recycling 15.0% 11.6% +3.4 p.p
Landscaping 19.0% 15.5% +3.5 p.p
Pest management 12.5% 4.7% +7.8 p.p
Notwithstanding the adverse impact on our revenue arising from chaotic market conditions, the Group successfully 
implemented stringent cost-control measures and prudent tender selection processes, which collectively enabled us to 
achieve an improvement in gross profit margins.
Our waste management and recycling segment continued to deliver strong operational efficiency, supported by the 
Government’s ongoing efforts to promote recycling. This favourable operating environment contributed to a notable 
enhancement in profitability, with its gross profit margin rising moderately from approximately 11.6% to 15.0%.
Our strategy of focusing on landscaping projects with higher profit margins also proved successful. The substantial 
completion of several high-margin contracts contributed significantly to the increase in gross profit.
As a result, the Group ’s overall gross profit increased from approximately HK$188.4 million to HK$230.6 million, while 
the gross profit margin rose from approximately 7.2% to 9.5%.
Other Income, Gain and Losses
Other income, gain and losses for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 were approximately HK$23.7 million 
and HK$9.6 million respectively, representing an increase of approximately 147.2%. The substantial increase was 
primarily due to a gain on disposal of property, plant, and equipment of approximately HK$15.0 million recognised 
during the Year.

=== PAGE 11 ===
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
 
10
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
Selling and Marketing Expenses
Selling and marketing expenses for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 were approximately HK$2.5 million 
and HK$2.2 million respectively, representing approximately 0.1% and 0.1% of total revenue respectively. These 
expenses were mainly for the promotional activities and channels to promote our waste management and recycling 
business and to enhance the public awareness of environmental protection and waste recycling.
Administrative Expenses
Administrative expenses for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 were approximately HK$132.4 million and 
HK$119.3 million respectively, representing approximately 5.5% and 4.6% of total revenue respectively. The increase 
was primarily attributable to (i) an increase in wages and allowances as well as staff welfare; and (ii) an increase in costs 
for new business development. The Group continued to implement its budget cost control measures for administrative 
expenses during the Year.
Finance Costs
Finance costs for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 amounted to approximately HK$5.1 million and 
HK$10.6 million respectively, representing approximately 0.2% and 0.4% of total revenue respectively. The decrease 
was mainly due to the decrease in the level of working capital loan and interest rate on bank borrowings during the Year.
Profit for the Year Attributable to Equity Shareholders of The Company
As a result of the factors described above, profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company for the years ended 
31 December 2025 and 2024 approximately HK$97.3 million and HK$53.9 million respectively, representing an increase 
of approximately 80.6%.
FOREIGN CURRENCY EXPOSURE
The Group’s foreign currency exposure is limited as most of its transactions, assets and liabilities are denominated in 
Hong Kong dollars ( “HK$”). During the Year, the main foreign currency exposure arose from the fluctuation in US dollars 
(“USD”) as the Group maintained USD fixed deposits to secure more favorable interest income. The Group ’s exposure 
to currency risk arising from USD against HK$ is considered as insignificant since HK$ is pegged to USD. In addition, 
the Group has limited foreign currency exposure arose from the fluctuation in Renminbi ( “RMB”) as the Group possessed 
RMB bank balances and a small portion of transactions were denominated in RMB for its operation in Chinese 
Mainland.
LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
The Group derives cash flow from operating activities principally from rendering a comprehensive range of environmental 
services. For the Year, we had net cash generated from operating activities of approximately HK$198.7 million 
(2024: HK$262.4 million). As at 31 December 2025, the Group had available cash and bank balances amounting to 
approximately HK$244.3 million (2024: HK$128.1 million), representing an increase of approximately 90.8%. 
As at 31 December 2025, the Group ’s total current assets and current liabilities were approximately HK$740.6 million 
(2024: HK$725.5 million) and HK$457.2 million (2024: HK$543.0 million) respectively, while the current ratio was 
approximately 1.6 times (2024: 1.3 times). The liquidity position of the Group is maintained at a healthy level. 
As at 31 December 2025, the Group ’s bank borrowings amounted to approximately HK$50.7 million (2024: HK$80.8 
million), representing a decrease of approximately 37.3%; the Group ’s lease liabilities were approximately HK$35.3 
million (2024: HK$38.1 million), representing a decrease of approximately 7.4%, for recognised lease liabilities related to 
the lease contracts in respect of certain lands, office buildings and nurseries. During the Year, no financial instruments 
were used for hedging purposes (2024: Nil). 
As at 31 December 2025, the gearing ratio of the Group was approximately 0.2 times (2024: 0.3 times), which was 
calculated based on the total interest-bearing bank borrowings and lease liabilities over total equity of the Group.

=== PAGE 12 ===
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
 
11
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES AND CAPITAL COMMITMENT
During the Year, capital expenditures, which mainly included additions in land and buildings, motor vehicles, vessels and 
equipment, amounted to approximately HK$46.4 million (2024: HK$30.3 million). Capital expenditures were funded by 
banks and funds generated from our operating activities. 
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had capital commitment contracted for approximately HK$5.7 million (2024: 
HK$7.3 million).
CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
Save as disclosed in note 39 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group had no other contingent liabilities as at 
31 December 2025.
CHARGES ON THE GROUP’S ASSETS
As at 31 December 2025, the amounts payable under lease liabilities within one year was approximately HK$11.0 million 
(2024: HK$12.0 million), that after one year but within five years was approximately HK$11.1 million (2024: HK$11.5 
million), and that after five years was approximately HK$13.2 million (2024: HK$14.6 million).
In addition as at 31 December 2025, the Group had (i) pledged bank deposits of approximately HK$7.4 million (2024: 
HK$7.3 million); (ii) pledge of cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$31,000 (2024: HK$2.4 million); (iii) 
mortgage of the land and buildings of approximately HK$57.1 million (2024: HK$59.8 million); and (iv) pledge of the 
trade receivables of approximately HK$79.5 million (2024: HK$132.9 million).
Save as mentioned above, we did not have any other outstanding mortgages or charges, borrowings or indebtedness 
including bank overdrafts, loans or debentures, loan capital, debt securities or other similar indebtedness, finance lease 
or hire purchase.
ACQUISITION, DISPOSAL AND SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT HELD
During the Year, the Group did not make any material acquisition, disposal nor significant investment.
FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any future plans for material investments or capital assets.
HUMAN RESOURCES
As at 31 December 2025, the Group employed 7,980 employees (2024: 10,329 employees), including both full time 
and part time employees. Remuneration packages are generally structured by reference to market terms together with 
individual qualifications and experience. 
During the Year, various training activities, such as training on operational safety, team building, administrative and 
management skills, were conducted to improve the quality of front-end services together with office support and 
management. In addition, employees were also encouraged, subsidised and sponsored to attend job-related seminars 
and courses organised by professional and/or educational institution to ensure the smooth and effective management of 
the Group’s business.
AWARDS
During the Year, the Group had been recognised by many renowned institutes. 
For details, please refer to “Awards and Appreciations” from pages 8 to 9 of the Sustainability Report.
MEMBERSHIPS AND CHARTERS
As we implement our sustainability strategy, our involvement in these organisations provides us with opportunities to 
share best practices with the industry, enabling us to pursue continuous improvement along our sustainability journey. 
For details, please refer to “Appendix – memberships and charterships ” of page 61 of the Sustainability Report.

=== PAGE 13 ===
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
 
12
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
DIRECTORS
Executive Directors
Ng Wing Hong (吳永康 ), aged 71, is the Chairman and an Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Ng was appointed 
as our Executive Director and the Chairman on 23 January 2014. Mr. Ng is also one of the founders and controlling 
shareholders of our Group. Mr. Ng has over 40 years of experience in the environmental service industry and is 
primarily responsible for the overall management, strategic planning and business development of our Group. In 1980, 
Mr. Ng together with his brother, Mr. Ng Wing Sun formed a partnership under the name of Baguio Cleaning Services 
Company Limited which started off as a cleaning service provider in Hong Kong. He is a director of all subsidiaries of the 
Company.
Mr. Ng graduated from the University of Hong Kong in October 1977 with a Bachelor of Science degree. He also 
obtained a Master of Business Administration degree from the Chinese University of Hong Kong in December 1983, a 
Bachelor of Laws degree from the University of London (external degree) in August 1990 and a Postgraduate Certificate 
in Laws from the University of Hong Kong in September 1991. Mr. Ng was admitted as an associated member of the 
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants in September 1988 and became a fellow of the Association of Chartered 
Certified Accountants in September 1993. He was also a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants in March 2000. He was admitted as an associate member of The Chartered Governance Institute in March 
1988 and an associate member of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute in August 1994. He became a fellow 
member of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute in March 2014. Mr. Ng is the brother of Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan 
Phyllis.
Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis (吳玉群), aged 57, is an Executive Director, the Chief Executive Officer and Compliance Officer of 
the Company. She was appointed as our Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer on 23 January 2014. She joined 
our Group as an Assistant General Manager in November 1995 and was promoted as a General Manager in February 
2000. Ms. Ng has over 25 years of experience in the environmental service industry and is primarily responsible for the 
overall management of our Group and for overseeing the corporate development department. She is a director of certain 
subsidiaries of the Company.
Ms. Ng graduated from the University of Hong Kong with a Bachelor of Arts degree in November 1991 and a Master 
of Business Administration degree from University of South Australia in April 1999 and a Master of Corporate Finance 
degree from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in September 2016. She completed the Pest Control and Pesticide 
Safety for Industrial Undertakings course organised by the Hong Kong Polytechnic University in June 2009, the ISO 
9000:2000 Series Internal Quality Auditor Training Course co-organised by the Hong Kong Productivity Council and 
SGS International Certification Services in November 2002 and the IMS Internal Auditor Course for ISO 9001:2008 and 
ISO 14001:2004 and OHSAS 18001:2007 held by the British Standards Institution in December 2013. She obtained 
Professional Diploma in Corporate Governance & Directorship jointly awarded by Hong Kong Institute of Directors and 
Hong Kong Productivity Council in June 2014. Ms. Ng is the sister of Mr. Ng Wing Hong.
Leung Shuk Ping (梁淑萍 ), aged 53, is an Executive Director of the Company. She was appointed as our Executive 
Director on 23 January 2014. She joined our Group in August 1997 as a secretary and resigned in October 2010 with 
her last position as a Senior Administration Manager. She rejoined our group as the Operation Director in June 2012. 
Ms. Leung has over 20 years of experience in administration and business management. She currently oversees the 
operation department, administration department, SHEQ department and fleet management department of our Group.
Ms. Leung was awarded a Certificate in Business Management in January 2001 and a Diploma in Business 
Management in April 2008 from the School of Continuing Education Hong Kong Baptist University. She completed 
the IMS Internal Auditor Course for ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 14001:2004 and OHSAS 18001:2007 held by the 
British Standards Institution in December 2013. She completed the Pest Control and Pesticide Safety for Industrial 
Undertakings course organised by Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 2009. She completed the Certificate 
Programme on Inventory Management organised by the Hong Kong Management Association in July 1991. She was 
awarded a Diploma in Company Direction in October 2018 by The Hong Kong Institute of Directors.

=== PAGE 14 ===
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
 
13
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
Independent Non-executive Directors
Sin Ho Chiu (冼浩釗 ), aged 70, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company on 24 April 
2014 and he is also the chairman of our Remuneration Committee. He served as the sales director and general manager 
of GrafTech Hong Kong Limited from May 2011 to March 2022 and the legal representative of the Beijing representative 
office of GrafTech Hong Kong Ltd from May 2017 to March 2022. From February 2011 to August 2021, Mr. Sin served 
as the legal representative of Shanghai GrafTech Trading Company Limited. From October 2001 to April 2011, Mr. Sin 
served and was promoted as the business director of Asia Pacific in GrafTech International Trading Inc. Between 
September 1999 and September 2001, Mr. Sin served as the treasurer and controller of Union Carbide Asia Pacific Inc. 
Between September 1987 and August 1999, Mr. Sin served as the finance manager of Union Carbide Asia Limited.
Mr. Sin graduated from the Chinese University of Hong Kong with a Bachelor of Science in December 1979 and a 
Master of Business Administration in December 1983.
Lau Chi Yin Thomas (劉志賢 ), aged 67, was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company 
on 24 April 2014 and serves as the Chairman of Audit Committee. He is currently a responsible officer at United 
Gain Investment Limited, a licensed corporation regulated by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong, 
specializing in advising on securities and asset management. From April 2008 to September 2011, Mr. Lau served 
as a director of Zhanjiang Guolian Aquatic Products Co., Ltd. （湛江國聯水產開發股份有限公司） (Shenzhen stock 
code: 300094). Additionally, from April 2008 to December 2011, he was a member of the supervisory board of Zhuhai 
Winbase International Chemical Tank Terminal Co., Ltd. （珠海恒基達鑫國際化工倉儲股份有限公司） （Shenzhen stock 
code: 002492). Mr. Lau held the position of Executive Director and Responsible Officer of Jolmo Capital Limited, a 
licensed corporation engaged in advising on securities, corporate finance and asset management, from March 2005 
until August 2021. He is also an Executive Committee Member and the Honorary Treasurer of the Diamond Federation 
of Hong Kong, China Limited.
Mr. Lau earned a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Hong Kong in 1981 and a Master of Business 
Administration degree from the Chinese University of Hong Kong in 1983. He has been a Chartered Financial Analyst 
(CFA) since September 2001 and is a member of both the International CFA Institute and the Hong Kong Society of 
Financial Analysts. Mr. Lau holds a CFA Certificate in ESG Investing and is a Certified ESG Analyst (CESGA) accredited 
by the European Federation of Financial Analysts Societies (EFFAS).
Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu (鄭大昭 ), aged 68, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company 
on 31 May 2023 and he is also the chairman of our Nomination Committee. He is currently Dean of the Faculty of 
Business, Fung Yiu King-Wing Hang Bank Professor in Business Administration and Chair Professor of Management in 
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University. Having worked in the higher education field for more than 40 years, Professor 
Cheng has published over 1,000 papers in international journals such as California Management Review, Journal of 
Operations Management, Management Science, MIS Quarterly, Operations Research, Organization Science, and 
Production and Operations Management . Professor Cheng was rated as the most prominent author in Operations 
Management research in Asia (in terms of Bonacich power centrality) over the period 2001-2015 by the International 
Journal of Production Economics  and was named one of the “most cited scientists ” in All Fields, Computer Science, 
Economics and Business and Engineering over the period from 2010-2020 (top 1% in terms of citation count) by the ISI 
Web of Science  in 2021. Professor Cheng also regularly provides advice on management and executive development 
training to public and private organizations.
Professor Cheng obtained a Bachelor of Science (Engineering) degree from the University of Hong Kong in November 
1979, a Master of Science (Industrial Management) degree from the University of Birmingham in December 1980, a 
Doctor of Philosophy degree from the University of Cambridge in March 1984, and a Doctor of Science degree from 
the University of Cambridge in May 2007. Professor Cheng has been admitted as a chartered fellow of the Chartered 
Institute of Logistics and Transport since February 2013, a fellow of the Hong Kong Institution of Engineers since 
November 2016, and a fellow of the Hong Kong Academy of Engineering Science since December 2018. He was 
awarded the Education Leadership Award in the 5th Asia ’s Education Excellence Award in August 2014 in Singapore.

=== PAGE 15 ===
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
 
14
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
Chan Kin Kan (陳健勤 ), aged 62, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company on 30 
May 2025 and he serves as a member of our Nomination Committee, Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee. 
Mr. Chan has over 25 years of experience in the environmental service industry, particularly in business development 
and waste management. He has worked for several multinational companies including Deloitte, Keppel Seghers, and 
Covanta Energy.
Mr. Chan has retired from his professional career in March 2023 and is currently pursuing academic research as a 
PhD candidate at the Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. He holds a Bachelor of Business Administration 
degree from California State University of Fullerton and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University 
of Hong Kong. Mr. Chan has been a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants since 1994, In 
2024, he was awarded the Hong Kong Institute of Directors ’ Elite Diploma in Corporate Governance and Sustainability 
Directorship.
Mr. Chan has been serving the community and has taken on multiple voluntary positions. For instance, he served as 
an executive committee member of the Hong Kong Green Strategy Alliance for over ten years; he was appointed and 
served as the president of green business committee under the French Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Hong 
Kong for three years; and he acted as a member of the executive committee for the Hong Kong Metal and Machinery 
Council to promote the development of the metal and machinery industries in Hong Kong.
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Chan Chor Fai （陳楚輝）, aged 53, was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary in 
2025. He oversees the Group ’s financial reporting, planning & analysis, treasury, legal, compliance, procurement and 
sustainability functions.
Mr. Chan Chor Fai has over 30 years of experience in auditing, finance, and accounting. Prior to joining the Group, he 
served as the finance director and company secretary of another issuer listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange 
of Hong Kong Limited. Mr. Chan is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
Mr. Chan graduated from The University of Hong Kong with a Bachelor ’s degree in Business Administration and holds a 
Bachelor’s degree in Law from the University of London. He has also completed the Executive Programme held by the 
Stanford Center for Professional Development, Stanford University.
Chow Kam Hung Ronnie （周榆桐）, aged 52, was appointed as Chief Strategy Officer in November 2021. He 
oversees the Group ’s strategy, corporate development, M&A, strategic partnerships, investment, investor and media 
relations, policy advocacy, innovation, and the incubation of new business ventures, including green technology and 
marine cleaning.
Mr. Chow has over 30 years of experience in financial markets, M&A, investment, strategy and management. He has 
participated in numerous large-scale international M&A transactions, strategic consulting engagements, cross-border 
financing exercises, and major bank restructuring and advisory transactions. He has extensive management experience 
and has held positions at various international conglomerates, including HSBC Group, AXA Group and Accenture.
Mr. Chow graduated from the University of Hong Kong with a First Class Honours degree. He has completed the 
Master of Studies in Sustainability Leadership from the University of Cambridge and is also a graduate of the Business 
& Sustainability Programme of the same university. He holds a number of professional qualifications, including Chartered 
Financial Analyst (CFA), Certified Environmental, Social and Governance Analyst (CESGA), Fellow, Life Management 
Institute (FLMI), and Associate of the Hong Kong Institute of Bankers (AHKIB).

=== PAGE 16 ===
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
 
15
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
Ho Sing Fai ( 何成輝), aged 46, was appointed as Head of Human Resources in August 2020. He currently 
oversees the administration department and the full spectrum of human resources functions including resourcing and 
staffing, talent management, compensations and benefit, performance management, employee relations and reward 
management.
Mr. Ho has over 20 years of experience in service industry, customer relations, learning & development, culture change 
and human resources management.
Mr. Ho was awarded a Master degree of Science in Strategic Human Resources Management from the Hong Kong 
Baptist University.
Wong Yat Ming ( 黃一鳴), age 54, was appointed as General Manager – Cleaning in May 2023. Mr. Wong is 
responsible for the full spectrum of cleaning operations, including facilities management, operational cost control, 
and stakeholder relations. Mr. Wong has more than 25 years of experience in civil construction, infrastructure project 
management, and major in public facility operation, logistic, cleaning, and catering services.
Mr. Wong was awarded a Bachelor degree in Civil Engineering from Monash University and a bachelor of science in 
health & Safety from Curtin University. Mr. Wong is a Chartered Member of Institute of Occupational Safety & Health, 
National Profession Engineers Register, Australia, Charter Professional Engineer of the Institution of Engineers, Australia-
Civil and member of Institution of Engineers, Australia in Civil College.
Ng Kim Fan Rex (吳劍凡 ), aged 58, was appointed as General Manager – Recycling in August 2025. Mr. Ng oversees 
the waste management and recycling businesses of the Group, including food wastes, animal waste, yard waste, glass, 
plastic bottles and papers in Hong Kong.
Prior to joining Baguio, Mr. Ng was the Head of Operation of Lee & Man Paper Malaysia from 2019 to 2024, where he 
participated the set up and subsequently the running of a paper mill in Malaysia. Mr. Ng graduated from the University of 
Hong Kong with a Bachelor Degree in Mechanical Engineering and further achieved a Master of Business Administration 
from the Chinese University of Hong Kong.
Lui Po Yi (呂寶儀 ), aged 59, was appointed as Assistant General Manager – Landscaping in October 2018. Ms. Lui is 
responsible for the overall management of Baguio Landscaping Services Limited and Tak Tai Enviroscape Limited.
Ms. Lui has over 25 years of experience in operations management, including business and sales operations, 
procurement and vendor management, governance and compliance in public listed companies. Ms. Lui has a solid 
background in project management, quality assurance and business process improvement.
Ms. Lui was awarded a Bachelor degree in Social Science (Honors), Anthropology & Economics from The Chinese 
University of Hong Kong. She completed the IMS Internal Auditor Course for ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 14001:2015 and 
ISO 45001:2018 held by the British Standards Institution.
Kwan Hoi Hong (關海航 ), aged 57, was appointed as Assistant General Manager – Cleaning in April 2021. Mr. 
Kwan oversees the full spectrum of cleaning operations, including facilities management, operational cost control, and 
stakeholder relations. Mr. Kwan graduated from The University of California, Davis with a Bachelor degree of Science 
in Managerial Economics. Mr. Kwan has extensive experience in the manufacturing industry and factory management, 
especially in process improvement, quality control and system implementation between Hong Kong and Chinese 
Mainland.
Wong Lut Yin Brenda (黃律言 ), aged 44, was appointed as Assistant General Manager – Recycling in March 2025. 
Ms. Wong is responsible for the recycling operations of glass container, food waste, animal waste and yard waste, 
including operation control, stakeholder relations and facilities management. She has over 20 years of cross-sector 
experience in environmental management, spanning from private industry to government and NGO sectors.
Ms. Wong holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Environmental Life Science from the University of Hong Kong and also 
a Postgraduate Diploma in Green Building with Management from its School of Professional and Continuing Education. 
She further obtained a Master of Science degree in Environmental Science from the Hong Kong University of Science 
and Technology and completed the ISO14064-1 Lead Verifier Course by the British Standards Institution. Ms. Wong is 
also a Certified ESG Planner (CEP ® ） authorised by the International Chamber of Sustainable Development.

=== PAGE 17 ===
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
 
16
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
The Board is pleased to present the report of the Directors and the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Group for the year ended 31 December 2025. 
1. PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. Details of the principal activities of its major 
subsidiaries are set out in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. During the Year, there were no 
significant changes in the nature of the Group ’s principal activities. 
2. BUSINESS REVIEW 
A review of the Group ’s business during the Year is provided in the section headed “Management Discussion 
and Analysis” on pages 5 to 11 of this annual report. A description of the Group ’s corporate governance and the 
Group’s risk management and internal control system is provided in the section headed “Corporate Governance 
Report” on pages 24 to 39 of this annual report. The Group firmly believes that sustainability plays an important 
role in its development and is actively applying its ideas to every detail of the business operations and devoted 
to delivering a better future for the society and the Company as well. The Group will publish an independent 
sustainability report according to Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix 
C2 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) on the websites of 
the Stock Exchange and the Company in April 2026. 
3. SEGMENT INFORMATION 
An analysis of the Group ’s revenue and contribution to results by principal operating activities and the Group ’s 
assets and liabilities by reportable segments of operations for the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out in note 
4 to the consolidated financial statements. All of the Group ’s businesses were carried out in Hong Kong during the 
Year and all of the Group’s revenue from external customers was generated in Hong Kong during the Year. 
4. RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS 
The results of the Group for the Year are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income on page 44 of this annual report. The Directors recommended the payment of a final 
dividend of HK7.0 cents per ordinary share, totalling approximately HK$29.1 million, to be paid on or around 
Wednesday, 8 July 2026, to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company 
on Friday, 5 June 2026. 
The Board considers sustainable returns to the Shareholders whilst retaining adequate reserves for the Group ’s 
future development to be an objective. Under the policy on payment of dividends adopted by the Company, 
dividends may be recommended, declared and paid to the Shareholders from time to time. 
5. DIVIDEND POLICY 
Dividend Policy aims to set out the approach to achieve the intention of the Company to create long term value for 
the Shareholders through maintaining a balance between dividend distribution, preserving adequate liquidity and 
reserve to meet the working capital requirement and capturing future growth opportunities. 
The Board may propose/declare the payment of dividend(s) after taking into account the following matter factors: 
• Group ’s financial results and general financial condition; 
• the level of the Group ’s debts to equity ratio and return on equity; 
• liquidity position and capital requirement of the Group; 
• the Group ’s current and future operations; 
• the Group ’s business development strategies and future expansion plans;

=== PAGE 18 ===
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
 
17
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
• the general market conditions; 
• any relevant requirements of the Listing Rules and applicable laws, rules and regulations and the 
memorandum and articles of association of the Company; and 
• any other factors that the Board considers relevant. 
The Board will review the Dividend Policy from time to time to ensure the effectiveness of the Dividend Policy. The 
Board will update, amend and/or modify the Dividend Policy at any time in the interest of the Company and the 
Shareholders. 
6. RESERVES 
Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and of the Group during the year are set out in note 41 
to the consolidated financial statements and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 46 
respectively. 
7. SHARE CAPITAL 
Details of movements in the Company ’s share capital during the Year are set out in note 31 to the consolidated 
financial statements. 
8. DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES 
As at 31 December 2025, the Company ’s reserve available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the 
Companies Law of the Cayman Islands amounted to approximately HK$101.0 million, of which approximately 
HK$29.1 million has been proposed be paid to the Shareholders as a final dividend for the Year. Under the laws 
of Cayman Islands, the share premium account is distributable to the Shareholders provided that immediately 
following the date on which the dividend is proposed to the distributed, the Company will be in a position to pay 
off its debts as and when fall due in the ordinary course of business. The share premium account may also be 
distributed in the form of fully paid bonus shares. 
9. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 
Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in note 13 to 
the consolidated financial statements. 
10. BANK BORROWINGS 
Particulars of the bank borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2025 are set out in the note 27 to the 
consolidated financial statements. 
11. DONATIONS
During the year, charitable donations made by the Group amounted to HK$789,000 (2024:HK$100,000).
12. PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS 
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the articles of association of the Company (the “Articles of 
Association”) or the laws of the Cayman Islands, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro 
rata basis to existing Shareholders. 
13. PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY 
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company ’s listed 
securities during the Year. 
14. FINANCIAL SUMMARY 
A summary of the results for the year ended 31 December 2025 and of the assets and liabilities of the Group as at 
31 December 2025 and for the previous four financial years are set out on page 108 of this annual report.

=== PAGE 19 ===
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
 
18
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
15. DIRECTORS 
The Directors during the Year and up to the date of this report are as follows: 
Executive Directors: 
Mr. Ng Wing Hong (Chairman)
Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis (Chief Executive Officer and Compliance Officer)
Ms. Leung Shuk Ping 
Independent Non-executive Directors: 
Mr. Sin Ho Chiu 
Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas 
Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu
Mr. Chan Kin Kan (appointed with effect from 30 May 2025)
Pursuant to Article 84(1) of the Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Ng Wing Hong, Mr. Lau Chi Yin 
Thomas and Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu are subject to retirement by rotation at the Annual General Meeting 
and, being eligible, to offer themselves for re-election.
The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules 
from each of the Independent Non-executive Directors and, as at the date of this report, still considers them to be 
independent. 
16. BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 
Brief biographical details of the Directors and senior management as of the date of publication of this report are 
set out on pages 12 to 15 of this annual report. 
17. DIRECTORS ’ SERVICE CONTRACTS 
Each of the Executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company and is subject to termination 
by either party giving not less than three months ’ written notice. 
Each of the Independent Non-executive Director has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company and is 
subject to termination by either party giving not less than one month ’s written notice. 
None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the Annual General Meeting has a service contract with the 
Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of 
compensation (other than statutory compensation). 
18. PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION 
A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors and officers of the Group is currently in force and 
remained in force throughout the financial year. 
Throughout the year, the Company has maintained appropriate directors and officers liability insurance cover 
providing indemnity against liability, including but not limited to liability in respect of legal action against the 
Directors and officers thereby sustained or incurred arising from or incidental to execution of duties of his/her 
offices. 
19. DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE 
No contracts of significance in relation to the Group ’s business to which the Company or its subsidiaries was a 
party and in which a Director had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the Year or 
at any time during the Year except as disclosed under the section headed “Connected Transactions” on pages 20 
to 21 in this report of the Directors and note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.

=== PAGE 20 ===
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
 
19
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
20. DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS 
As at the date of this report, none of the directors of the Company and directors of the Company ’s subsidiaries, 
or their respective associates had interests in business, which compete or are likely to compete either directly or 
indirectly, with the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as required to be disclosed pursuant to the Listing 
Rules. 
21. SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST 
As at 31 December 2025, so far as is known to the Directors or chief executives of the Company, the following 
persons or corporations were deemed or taken to have an interest or short position in the shares or underlying 
shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept under section 336 Part XV of the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) ( “SFO”) or as otherwise notified to the Company: 
Name
Capacity/
Nature of interest
Number of
issued 
shares held
Approximate 
percentage 
holding (%)
Ng Wing Hong Interest of controlled corporation/  
Beneficial owner (Note 1)
279,256,000 67.29
Chan Shuk Kuen Family interest (Note 2) 279,256,000 67.29
Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis Beneficial owner (Note 3) 26,736,000 6.44
Mak Che Fai Lawrence Family interest (Note 4) 26,736,000 6.44
Baguio Green (Holding) Limited Beneficial owner (Note 1) 275,000,000 66.27
David Michael Webb Interest of controlled  
corporation (Note 5 and 6)
24,868,000 5.99
Karen Anne Webb Interest of controlled  
corporation (Note 5 and 6)
24,868,000 5.99
Preferable Situation Assets  
Limited (“PSA”)
Beneficial owner (Note 5) 14,356,800 3.46
Member One Limited ( “MO”) Beneficial owner (Note 6) 10,511,200 2.53
Notes: 
(1) The entire issued share capital of Baguio Green (Holding) Limited is beneficially owned by Mr. Ng Wing Hong. Therefore, 
Mr. Ng Wing Hong is deemed to be interested in all the 275,000,000 Shares of the Company ( “Shares”) held by Baguio 
Green (Holding) Limited. Mr. Ng Wing Hong is a controlling shareholder (as defined under the Listing Rules) and an 
executive Director. In addition, Mr. Ng Wing Hong also directly held 4,256,000 Shares. 
(2) Ms. Chan Shuk Kuen is the spouse of Mr. Ng Wing Hong and is therefore deemed to be interested in all the Shares held/ 
owned by Mr. Ng Wing Hong (by himself or through Baguio Green (Holding) Limited) by virtue of the SFO. 
(3) Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis directly held 26,736,000 Shares. Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis is an executive Director. 
(4) Mr. Mak Che Fai Lawrence is the spouse of Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis and is therefore deemed to be interested in all the 
Shares held by Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis. 

=== PAGE 21 ===
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
 
20
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
(5) The entire issued share capital of PSA is jointly owned by Mr. David Michael Webb and Ms. Karen Anne Webb. Therefore, 
Mr. David Michael Webb and Ms. Karen Anne Webb are deemed to be interested in all the 14,356,800 Shares held by 
PSA.
(6) The entire issued share capital of MO is jointly owned by Mr. David Michael Webb and Ms. Karen Anne Webb. Therefore, 
Mr. David Michael Webb and Ms. Karen Anne Webb are deemed to be interested in all the 10,511,200 Shares held by 
MO.
Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, the Company had not been notified of any other persons 
having any interest or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the 
register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.
22. DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS DISCLOSEABLE UNDER THE SFO 
As at 31 December 2025, the shareholding interests of Mr. Ng Wing Hong and Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis are set 
out in the section “Substantial Shareholders’ Interest” above. Other than as disclosed here, none of the Directors 
and chief executive of the Company or any of their respective associates had any interest or short position in the 
shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporation (within the meaning 
of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the 
SFO or, as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Part XV of the SFO or the 
Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers under the Listing Rules. 
23. CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS 
During the Year, the Company and the Group had the following continuing connected transactions, certain details 
of which are disclosed below in compliance with the requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. 
Continuing connected transactions subject to reporting, announcement and annual review but exempt 
from the circular and independent shareholders’ approval requirements 
Baguio Cleaning and Nexus Solutions Limited ( “NSL”) entered into an IT service agreement (the “IT Agreement”) 
on 28 January 2014 pursuant to which NSL has agreed to provide information technology services to our Group 
with hardware and networking support for three years, entered into a supplemental IT Agreement on 29 December 
2016 to extend for a period of 35 months commencing from 27 January 2017 up to and including 31 December 
2019, and further entered into a second supplemental IT Agreement on 2 January 2020 to extend three years up 
to and including 31 December 2022, and further entered into a third supplemental IT Agreement on 3 January 
2023 to extend three years upto and including 31 December 2025. Details are set out in the announcement of the 
Company dated 3 January 2023. 
NSL is owned as to approximately 87% by Mr. Ng Wing Hong, the chairman, a controlling shareholder and an 
executive Director of the Company, through his wholly owned company, IT Holdings Limited. 
During the Year, the transaction amounts of the IT product and services provided by NSL to the Group was 
approximately HK$2,076,000, which did not exceed the HK$6,000,000 annual cap for the year. 
Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, the Independent Non-executive Directors have reviewed the above 
continuing connected transactions and confirmed that these continuing connected transactions were entered 
into (i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (ii) on normal commercial terms or, if there 
are not sufficient comparable transactions to judge whether they are on normal commercial terms, on terms no 
less favourable to the Group than terms available to or from (as appropriate) independent third parties; and (iii) 
in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the 
interests of the Shareholders as a whole. 

=== PAGE 22 ===
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
 
21
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
Pursuant to Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company ’s auditors were engaged to report on the Group ’s 
continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 
“Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Review of Historical Financial Information ” and with reference to 
Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules ” 
issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditors have issued their unqualified letter 
containing their findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed above by 
the Group in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.
Other related party transactions as disclosed in note 37(c) (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) to the consolidated financial 
statements in respect of purchase of cleaning equipment and materials, IT maintenance, rental expenses, other 
services fee and donation together with sale of materials also constitute continuing connected transactions under 
the Listing Rules and are regarded as de minimis transaction category pursuant to Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing 
Rules. 
Saved as disclosed above, there is no other related party transaction or continuing related party transaction as set 
out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements that falls under the definition of “connected transaction ” 
or “continuing connected transaction ” in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The Company has complied with the 
disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. 
24. CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE 
Save as disclosed under the section headed “Connected Transactions” in this report of the Directors: 
(i) No contract of significance between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and a controlling shareholder of 
the Company or any of its subsidiaries subsisted during the Year or at the end of the Year; and 
(ii) No contract of significance for the provision of services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries by 
controlling shareholder of the Company or any of its subsidiaries subsisted during the Year or at the end of 
the Year. 
25. MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND MAJOR SUPPLIERS 
In the Year under review, sales to the Group ’s five largest customers accounted for 70.4% (2024: 76.6%) of the 
total sales for the year and sales to the largest customer included therein amounted to 43.8% (2024: 50.2%). 
Purchases from the Group ’s five largest suppliers accounted for 37.6% (2024: 39.4%) of the total purchases for 
the Year and purchases from the largest supplier included therein amounted to 13.3% (2024: 15.1%). 
None of the Directors or any of their associates or any Shareholders which, to the best of the knowledge of the 
Directors, own more than 5% of the Company ’s issued share capital, had any beneficial interest in the Group ’s five 
largest customers and suppliers. 
26. MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS 
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business 
of the Group were entered into or existed during the Year. 
27. EMOLUMENT AND REMUNERATION POLICY 
The Company has a remuneration committee for reviewing the Group ’s emolument policy and structure for all 
remuneration of the Directors and senior management of the Group, having regard to the Group ’s operating 
results, individual performance of the Directors and senior management and comparable market practices. 
28. REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND FIVE INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS 
Details of the emoluments of the Directors and five highest paid individuals are set out in note 12 to the 
consolidated financial statements. 
No director has waived or has agreed to waive any emolument during the Year.

=== PAGE 23 ===
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
 
22
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
29. SHARE AWARD PLAN
The Company adopted a share award plan (the “Share Award Plan”) on 12 December 2017. Details of which were 
disclosed in the announcements dated 12 December 2017 and 15 January 2018. The purposes of the plan is to 
recognise and reward the contribution of certain eligible participants, to give incentives to eligible participants in 
order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel for 
further development of the Group.
A summary of the Share Award Plan of the Company is as follows:
Eligible participants
Eligible participants include any individual, being an employee, director, officer, consultant or adviser of any 
member of the Group or any other person whom the Board of Directors of the Company or its delegate(s) 
considers, in their sole discretion, to have contributed or will contribute to the Group.
Total number of shares available for issue
The total number of shares which may be awarded for each financial year under the Share Award Plan and any 
other share option scheme(s) of the Company shall not exceed 10% of the total number of shares of the Company 
in issue at the beginning of such financial year.
As at the date of this report, the total number of share available for issue under the Share Award Plan is 
41,500,000, representing 10% of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares).
Maximum entitlement of each participant
The total number of shares issued and to be issued under the Share Award Plan and any other share option 
scheme(s) of the Company (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) to each participant in any 
12-month period up to and including the date of grant shall not exceed 1% of the total number of shares of the 
Company in issue as at the date of grant.
Any further grant in excess of this 1% limit must be separately approved by shareholders with such grantee and 
his associates abstaining from voting. The Company shall send a circular to the Shareholders which contains the 
information required by the Listing Rules.
Vesting period of awarded shares
The Board may from time to time while the Share Award Plan is in force and subject to all applicable laws, 
determine such vesting criteria and conditions or periods for the award to be vested.
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Share Award Plan and the fulfilment of all vesting conditions to the 
vesting of the awarded shares of the Company on such selected participant, the respective awarded shares of the 
Company shall vest in such selected participant.
Payment on acceptance of award
None.
Basis of determining the purchase price of shares awarded
Not applicable as there is no purchase price under the Share Award Plan.
Remaining life of the Share Award Plan
Subject to any early termination determined by the board in accordance with the rules of the Share Award 
Plan, the Share Award Plan is valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on its adoption date (i.e. 
12/uni00A0December 2017 to 11 December 2027).
The Company has not granted any share awards under the Share Award Plan since its adoption date.

=== PAGE 24 ===
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
 
23
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
30. RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE COMPANY’S SECURITIES 
Save as otherwise disclosed in this report, at no time during the Year, there were rights to acquire benefits by 
means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective 
spouse or children under 18 years of age, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company, its 
holding companies, or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors, or their respective 
spouse or children under 18 years of age, to acquire such rights in any other body corporate. 
31. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD 
The Group does not have material events after the reporting period.
32. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of 
Shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has complied with all applicable 
code provisions under the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code ”) as set out in both Part 1 and Part 2 
Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules throughout the Year. The Company will continue to review and enhance its 
corporate governance practices to ensure compliance with the CG Code. 
Information on the corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the Corporate 
Governance Report on pages 24 to 39 of this annual report. 
33. CHANGE OF DIRECTOR’S INFORMATION
During the Year, the change in information of Directors of the Company, which is required to be disclosed pursuant 
to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules are set out below:
Name of Director Details of changes
Mr. Chan Kin Kan Appointed as an independent non-executive Director, a member of the audit 
committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee of the Company with 
effect from 30 May 2025
34. SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT 
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, at least 
25% of the Company’s total issued share capital is held by the public as at the date of this report. 
35. AUDIT COMMITTEE 
The audit committee has reviewed with the management of the Company the audited consolidated annual results 
of the Group for the Year, and reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system of 
the Company with the management of the Company. 
36. AUDITORS 
KPMG will retire and, being eligible, will offer themselves for reappointment. A resolution for the reappointment of 
KPMG as auditors of the Company is to be proposed at the Annual General Meeting of the Company. 
On behalf of the Board 
Mr. Ng Wing Hong 
Chairman 
Hong Kong, 24 March 2026

=== PAGE 25 ===
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
 
24
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
The Board is pleased to present the Corporate Governance Report for the year ended 31 December 2025.
1. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance. The board of directors 
(the “Board”) of the Company believes that good governance is essential to achieving the Group ’s objectives of 
maximizing shareholders’ value and safeguarding the interests of the shareholders. During the Year, the Company 
has complied with all code provisions as set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”) contained in 
both Part 1 and Part 2 of Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules.
2. CORPORATE CULTURE
A positive and progressive corporate culture across the Group is vital for the Company to achieve its purpose 
towards the sustainable growth. It is the role of the Board to foster the Group ’s corporate culture with the core 
principles of integrity and accountability to guide the behaviours of its employees and ensure that the Company ’s 
purpose, values and business strategies are aligned to it.
3. MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model 
Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.
Specific enquiries have been made to all the Directors and the Directors have confirmed that they have complied 
with the Model Code for the year ended 31 December 2025.
The Company has also established written guidelines on no less exacting terms than the Model Code (the 
“Employees Written Guidelines ”) for securities transactions by employees who are likely to be in possession of 
unpublished price-sensitive information of the Company.
No incident of non-compliance with the Employees Written Guidelines was noted by the Company.
4. BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board currently comprises a total of seven members, with three executive Directors, and four independent 
non-executive Directors:
Executive Directors:
Mr. Ng Wing Hong (Chairman)
Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis (Chief Executive Officer and Compliance Officer)
Ms. Leung Shuk Ping
Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Sin Ho Chiu
Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas
Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu
Mr. Chan Kin Kan (appointed with effect from 30 May 2025)
Mr. Ng Wing Hong and Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis are siblings.
The list of directors (by category) is also disclosed in all corporate communications issued by the Company from 
time to time pursuant to the Listing Rules.
The biography details of the directors of the Company are set out under the section headed “Biographical Details 
of Directors and Senior Management ” on pages 12 to 15 of this annual report.

=== PAGE 26 ===
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
 
25
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The Chairman and the Chief Executive officer of the Company are Mr. Ng Wing Hong and Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan 
Phyllis, respectively. Mr. Ng Wing Hong is the brother of Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis. The roles of the Chairman 
and the Chief Executive Officer are segregated and assumed by two separate individuals. It is aimed at striking 
a balance of power and authority so that the job responsibilities are not concentrated on any one individual. The 
Chairman is responsible for the leadership and effective running of the Board, while the Chief Executive Officer is 
delegated with the authorities to manage the business of the Group in all aspects effectively.
Independent Non-executive Directors
During the Year, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of 
at least three independent non-executive directors representing one-half of the Board. These Independent Non- 
executive Directors are seasoned individuals from diversified backgrounds and industries and one member has 
appropriate accounting and related financial management expertise.
The Independent Non-executive Directors serve the relevant function of bringing independent judgment and 
advice on the overall management of the Company. They take the lead where potential conflicts of interests arise.
The Company has received confirmations of independence from all existing Independent Non-executive Directors 
and considers them independent, in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. All Directors have a term of 
office of three years and are required to retire and, being eligible, can offer themselves for re-election at the Annual 
General Meeting in accordance with the Articles of Association the Company.
Mr. Chan Kin Kan, the newly appointed Independent Non-executive Director, confirmed that he has obtained the 
legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules as regards the requirements under the Listing Rules that 
are applicable to him as an Independent Non-executive Director and the possible consequences of making a false 
declaration or giving false information to the Stock Exchange. Mr. Chan Kin Kan has confirmed that he understood 
his obligations as Independent Non-executive Director.
Board Independence
The Company recognises that board independence is critical to good corporate governance and board 
effectiveness. The participation of Independent Non-executive Directors in the Board brings independent and 
objective judgment on issues relating to the Group ’s strategy, performance, conflicts of interest and management 
process to ensure that the interests of all Shareholders have been duly considered. To ensure independent views 
and input are available to the Board, the following mechanisms are established by the Board:
• Four out of the seven directors are independent non-executive directors which represents more than one-
half of the Board. The chairman of remuneration committee, nomination committee, and audit committee are 
independent non-executive directors. All independent non-executive directors continue to devote adequate 
time contribution to the Company;
• All independent non-executive directors share their views and opinions through regular quarterly Board/
Committee meetings;
• The Chairman meets with all independent non-executive directors at least annually without the presence of 
other directors which provides a platform for the Chairman to listen to independent views on various issues 
concerning the Group;
• External independent professional advice would be provided to independent non-executive directors upon 
reasonable request to assist them to perform their duties to the Company;
• Directors are provided with monthly reports covering highlights of the Company ’s major business and 
financial updates to keep abreast of the Group ’s business performance and enable them to bring informed 
decisions in the best interest of the Company and the Shareholders;

=== PAGE 27 ===
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
 
26
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
• The Nomination Committee will continue to assess the continued independence of existing independent 
non-executive directors on an annual basis. All independent non-executive directors are required to confirm 
in writing annually their compliance of independence requirements pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules; 
and
• The independent non-executive directors whom had served more than 9 years should be on further 
appointment subject to a separate resolution to be approved by the Shareholders. The Company shall 
disclose the length of tenure of each such independent non-executive director in the circular to the 
Shareholders.
During the Year, the Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the abovementioned mechanisms 
and considered that such mechanisms remain effective.
Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and Management
The Board is responsible for the leadership and control of the Company and oversees the Company ’s businesses, 
strategic decisions and performance. The Board has delegated to the chief executive officer, and through her, to 
the senior management, to execute the Board ’s strategy and implementing its policies through the day-to-day 
management and operation of the Company.
The Board determines which functions are reserved to the Board and which are delegated to the senior 
management. It delegates appropriate aspects of its management and administrative functions to senior 
management. The delegated functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed. Approval has to be obtained 
from the Board prior to any significant transactions entered into by the aforesaid officers.
The Board reserves for its decision all major matters of the Company, including: approval and monitoring of all 
policy matters, overall strategies and budgets, mergers and acquisitions, risk management and internal control 
systems, corporate structure, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), 
financial information, appointment of directors, announcements of interim and final results and payment of 
dividends.
During the Year, the Board has reviewed the above arrangements for delegation of responsibilities to senior 
management and considered it to be appropriate.
Directors and Officer’s Liabilities
The Company has arranged for appropriate insurance coverage in respect of legal action against the Directors and 
officers against losses or liabilities sustained or incurred arising from or incidental to execution of their duties. The 
insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis or any intervals as deemed appropriate by the Board.
Directors’ Continuous Professional Development
During the Year, to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills, all Directors have participated in appropriate 
continuous professional development training which covered updates on laws, rules and regulations as well as the 
updated corporate governance policies and also directors ’ duties and responsibilities. The following shows the 
training of each of the directors received during the Year:
Attending 
seminars/webinars
Reading 
materials
Executive Directors
Mr. Ng Wing Hong ✓ ✓
Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis ✓ ✓
Ms. Leung Shuk Ping ✓ ✓
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Sin Ho Chiu ✓ ✓
Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas ✓ ✓
Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu ✓
Mr. Chan Kin Kan ✓ ✓

=== PAGE 28 ===
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
 
27
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
5. DIVERSITY AND WORKFORCE
The Board has adopted a board diversity policy which sets out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board.
The Board takes diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic 
objectives and its sustainable development. In designing the Board ’s composition, board diversity has been 
considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational 
background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All board appointments will 
be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the 
benefits of diversity on the Board.
The Board will review the Board Diversity Policy on a regular basis to ensure its continual effectiveness.
In addition, the Board promotes the importance of gender diversity, the current composition of the Board consists 
of 5 males and 2 females. The Board is of the view that the existing gender diversity in respect of the Board is 
sufficient, and that the nomination policy of the Company can ensure that there will be a pipeline of potential 
successors to the Board which continues the existing gender diversity in the Board.
The following table sets out the gender ratio in the workforce of the Group as at December 31, 2025:
Male (%) Female (%)
Senior management 63.6% 36.4%
Other employees 43.4% 56.6%
Overall workforce 43.4% 56.6%
As to senior management, our Assistant General Manager in Landscaping Segment and Recycling Segment 
are also female. Although the Company does not currently have a specific diversity policy on hiring employees 
or appointing senior management, as an equal opportunity employer, the Company applies the principle of 
“Fairness, Openness and Impartiality ” to all employment practices, as mentioned in the paragraphs of Upholding 
Our Employees from pages 32 to 39 of the Sustainability Report. The Board is satisfied that the Company has 
achieved gender diversity in its workforce.
6. BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has established a remuneration committee, a nomination committee, an audit committee and climate 
committee. They are each established with specific written terms of reference which deal clearly with their 
respective authority and responsibilities.
There was satisfactory attendance for meetings of the board committees during the Year. The minutes of 
the committee meetings were circulated to all members of the Board unless a conflict of interest arises. The 
committees are required to report back to the Board on key findings, recommendations and decisions.
Remuneration Committee
The purpose of the committee is to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration policy and structure 
for all directors and senior management of the Company and the remuneration of all directors of each subsidiary of 
the Company.
The committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the establishment of a formal and 
transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy in respect of all directors and senior management and 
for determining remuneration packages of individual executive directors and senior management. It also makes 
recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of independent non-executive directors. No director should 
be involved in deciding that director ’s own remuneration.
The committee consults the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer about remuneration proposals for other 
executive Directors.

=== PAGE 29 ===
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
 
28
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
The Company ’s remuneration policy seeks to provide fair market remuneration in a form and value to attract, 
retain and motivate high quality staff. Remuneration packages are set at market levels to ensure comparability and 
competitiveness with other companies in the industry and market competing for a similar talent pool. Emoluments 
are also based on an individual ’s knowledge, skill, time commitment, responsibilities and performance and by 
reference to the Company’s profits and performance.
Members of the Remuneration Committee are:
Mr. Sin Ho Chiu (Independent non-executive director) (Chairman)  
Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas (Independent non-executive director)  
Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu (Independent non-executive director)
Mr. Chan Kin Kan (Independent non-executive director)
Mr. Ng Wing Hong (Executive Director)
The terms of reference of the remuneration committee are available on the website of the Company and the 
website of the Stock Exchange.
During the Year, the remuneration committee had held one meeting to discuss and review the remuneration 
packages of the Directors and senior management of the Company.
Details of emoluments of the Directors and five highest paid individuals are set out in note 12 to the consolidated 
financial statements.
The remuneration paid to members of senior management by band during the year is set out below:
Number of employee
2025 2024
Less than HK$1,000,001 4 –
HK$1,000,001 – HK$1,500,000 5 5
HK$1,500,001 – HK$2,000,000 1 2
HK$2,000,001 – HK$2,500,000 1 1
Nomination Committee
The purpose of the Nomination Committee is to lead the process for Board appointments and for identifying and 
nominating for the approval of the Board candidates for appointment to the Board.
The committee is responsible for reviewing the structure, size and composition (including skills, knowledge and 
experience) of the Board at least annually and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board 
to complement the Company ’s corporate strategy, identifying individuals suitably qualified to become members of 
the Board and selecting or making recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for 
directorships. The committee is also responsible for assessing the independence of independent non-executive 
directors and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of directors and 
succession planning for directors, in particular the chairman, the vice chairman and the chief executive officer of 
the Company.
The committee consults the chairman of the Board about his proposals relating to the process for Board 
appointments and for identifying and nominating candidates as members of the Board.
The criteria for the committee to select and recommend a candidate for directorship include the candidate ’s 
skills, knowledge, experience and integrity and whether he/she can demonstrate a standard of competence 
commensurate with his/her position as a director of the Company.

=== PAGE 30 ===
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
 
29
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
The Nomination Committee has also adopted a nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy ”) which sets out the 
selection criteria and procedure of appointing and re-appointing and re-appointing a Director. The selection criteria 
used in assessing the suitability of a candidate include, inter alia, his/her academic background and professional 
qualifications, relevant experience in the industry, character and integrity and whether he/she can contribute to the 
diversity of the Board as detailed in the Diversity Policy. The procedure of appointing and re-appointing a Director 
is summarized as follows:
－ nomination and invitation of suitable candidates by any member of the Nomination Committee or the Board;
－ evaluation of the candidate by the Board based on all selection criteria as set out in the Nomination Policy;
－ performing due diligence in respect of each candidate and making recommendation for the Board ’s 
consideration and approvals;
－ in case of nomination of an independent non-executive Director, assessing the candidate ’s independence 
under the relevant Code Provisions and the Listing Rules;
－ where nominating an independent non-executive Director for election at general meetings, having due 
consideration of matters under Code Provision B.3.1 under Part 2 of Appendix C1;
－ in the context of re-appointment of retiring Directors, reviewing the candidate ’s overall contribution and 
performance and making recommendations to the Board and/or the Shareholders for consideration in 
connection with his/her re-election at general meeting; and
－ convening a meeting of the Board to consider the appointment or re-appointment of the candidate as a 
Director.
Members of the Nomination Committee are:
Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu (Independent non-executive director) (Chairman)
Mr. Sin Ho Chiu (Independent non-executive director)
Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas (Independent non-executive director)
Mr. Chan Kin Kan (Independent non-executive director)
Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis (Executive director)
The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available on the website of the Company and the website 
of the Stock Exchange.
During the Year, the Nomination Committee had held one meeting to review the structure, size and composition of 
the Board.
Audit Committee
The purpose of the Audit Committee is to establish formal and transparent arrangements to consider how the 
Board applies financial reporting, risk management and internal control principles and maintains an appropriate 
relationship with the Company ’s external auditors.
The committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and 
removal of the external auditors, approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors, 
and considering any questions of its resignation or dismissal.
The committee reports to the Board any suspected fraud and irregularities, significant risks, failures of internal 
control or suspected infringement of laws, rules and regulations which come to its attention and are of sufficient 
importance to warrant the attention of the Board.

=== PAGE 31 ===
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
 
30
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
Members of the Audit Committee are:
Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas (Independent non-executive director) (Chairman)
Mr. Sin Ho Chiu (Independent non-executive director)
Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu (Independent non-executive director)
Mr. Chan Kin Kan (Independent non-executive director)
The members of the committee possess appropriate professional qualifications and/or experience in financial 
matters.
The Audit Committee reviewed, together with senior management and the external auditors, the financial 
statements for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and for the year ended 31 December 2025, the accounting 
principles and practices adopted by the Company, statutory compliance, other financial reporting matters, risk 
management and internal control systems and continuing connected transactions of the Company.
The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are available on the website of the Company and the website of the 
Stock Exchange.
During the Year, the audit committee had held three meetings for planning the annual audit of the Company for the 
year ended 31 December 2025, considering the annual results of the Company for the year ended 31 December 
2024, considering the interim results of the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2025 respectively.
The committee has recommended to the Board (which endorsed the recommendation) that, subject to the 
Shareholders’ approval at the Annual General Meeting, KPMG be re-appointed as the Company ’s external 
auditors for 2026.
Climate Committee
Our climate committee was established during the Year to oversee and guide the Company ’s strategies, policies 
and measures in climate risk management processes, and ensure alignment with environmental, social and 
governance objectives. The committee also supervises other sustainability matters to maintain consistency with 
the overall strategies of the Group.
The committee shall assist the Board and is responsible for(i) the oversight of the Company ’s strategy, decisions 
on major transactions, and its risk management processes and related policies; (ii) the setting of, and monitors 
progress towards, targets related to climate-related risks and opportunities, including whether and how related 
performance metrics are included in remuneration policies; and (iii) the oversight of climate-related risks and 
opportunities, review and recommend the Company ’s climate-related policies, strategies and goals.
Members of the Climate Committee are:
Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis (Executive director) (Chairman)
Ms. Leung Shuk Ping (Executive director)
Mr. Sin Ho Chiu (Independent Non-executive director)
Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas (Independent Non-executive director)
Professor Cheng Tai Chiu (Independent Non-executive director)
Mr. Chan Kin Kan (Independent Non-executive director)
The Committee shall meet at least twice per year. Additional meetings shall be held as the work of the Committee 
demands.
The terms of reference of the climate committee are available on the website of the Company and the website of 
the Stock Exchange.
During the Year, the Climate Committee had held two meetings to devise and to review the Company ’s direction 
and strategy.

=== PAGE 32 ===
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
 
31
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
7. ATTENDANCE RECORDS OF DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEE MEMBERS
During the Year, a total of four board meetings were held. The attendance of each Director at the board meetings 
and general meetings during the Year is set out below:
Number of meetings held during the year
Attended/Eligible to attend
Board
Meeting
Remuneration
Committee
Nomination
Committee
Audit
Committee
Climate
Committee
Annual
General
Meeting
Executive Directors
Mr. Ng Wing Hong 4/4 1/1 1/1 1/3 1/1
Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis 4/4 1/1 1/1 1/3 2/2 1/1
Ms. Leung Shuk Ping 4/4 2/2 1/1
Independent non-executive directors
Mr. Sin Ho Chiu 4/4 1/1 1/1 3/3 2/2 1/1
Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas 4/4 1/1 1/1 3/3 2/2 1/1
Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu 3/4 1/1 1/1 2/3 1/2 1/1
Mr. Chan Kin Kan (1) 2/4 2/3 2/2 1/1
Notes:
(1) Appointed as Independent non-executive director with effect from 30 May 2025
Prior notices of the board meetings were despatched to the Directors setting out the matters to be discussed 
at the meetings. At the meetings, the Directors were provided with the relevant documents to be discussed and 
approved. The company secretary was responsible for keeping minutes of the meetings of the Board and Board 
Committees.
The Board is regularly provided with brief reports containing balanced and comprehensive evaluation on the 
Group’s performance, status and prospects to keep it abreast of the Group ’s affairs and facilitate the Directors ’ 
performance of their obligations under the relevant requirements of the Listing Rules.
8. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
The Board has the following responsibilities:
(a) to develop and review the Company ’s policies and practices on corporate governance; and to review the 
compliance with the CG Code and disclosures in the corporate governance report;
(b) to review and monitor the Company ’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory 
requirements;
(c) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the directors and senior 
management; and
(d) to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct applicable to the directors and employees.
9. FINANCIAL REPORTING
The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the financial statements for the Company. The 
directors are regularly provided with updates on the Company ’s businesses, potential investments, financial 
objectives, plans and actions.
The Board aims at presenting a balanced, clear and comprehensive assessment of the Company ’s performance, 
position and prospects. Management provides such explanation and information to the directors to enable the 
Board to make informed assessments of the financial and other matters put before the Board for approval.
The Board considers that, through a review made by the audit committee, the resources, staff qualifications 
and experience, training programs and budget of the Company ’s accounting and financial reporting function are 
adequate.

=== PAGE 33 ===
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
 
32
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
The senior management has provided to the Board such explanation and information as are necessary to enable 
the Board to carry out an informed assessment of the Company ’s financial statements, which are put to the Board 
for approval.
The Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast 
significant doubt upon the Group ’s ability to continue as a going concern.
The statement by the independent auditors of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities on the 
consolidated financial statements of the Company is set out in the Independent Auditors ’ Report on pages 40 to 
43 of this annual report.
10. RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Overview of Risk Management Framework
Our risk management framework is designed to systematically identify, assess, and mitigate risks across all 
operational areas. Established in 2016, the framework follows the COSO Enterprise Risk Management-Integrated 
Framework, which aims to manage risks associated with achieving business objectives and provide reasonable 
assurance against material misstatement or loss.
Our framework aligns with the latest HKEx Corporate Governance recommendations by integrating best 
practices in corporate governance and risk management. This alignment ensures transparency and accountability 
throughout the organization, fostering a robust risk management culture.
The key objectives of our risk management framework include safeguarding assets, ensuring compliance with 
regulatory requirements, enhancing decision-making processes, and promoting a culture of risk awareness. These 
objectives support the company ’s strategic goals by enabling us to pursue growth opportunities while effectively 
managing potential risks.
The Board acknowledges that it is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems of the 
Group on an ongoing basis and reviewing their effectiveness. Such systems are designed to manage rather than 
eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute 
assurance against material misstatement or loss.
During the Year, the Board, through the Audit Committee, conducted a review of the effectiveness of the risk 
management and internal control systems of the Group, including the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications 
and experience, training programmes and budget of the Group ’s accounting, internal controls and financial 
reporting functions as well as those relating to the Company ’s ESG performance and reporting. In this respect, 
the Audit Committee communicates any material issues to the Board. The Board is of the view that the risk 
management and internal control systems of the Group are effective and adequate.
Governance Structure
Our governance structure follows a “Three Lines of Defense” model:
• First Line of Defense: Operational management is responsible for identifying, assessing, and managing risks 
through the implementation of appropriate policies and procedures. They own and manage risks as part of 
their daily operations.
• Second Line of Defense: Our risk management team, comprising department heads and risk owners (as 
nominated by department heads), supports operational management by monitoring and improving the 
effectiveness of risk controls. The Senior Finance Manager convenes the team ’s meetings. The team is 
responsible for maintaining a risk register, conducting annual reviews of the Group ’s risk profile, and assisting 
departments in developing processes to effectively manage risks.
• Third Line of Defense: We rely on professional parties as our third line of defense. Our external auditors play 
a crucial role in providing assurance on the accuracy of our financial statements. They also offer valuable 
recommendations for enhancing our risk management and internal control systems. Started in FY2025, we 
engaged an independent professional firm to further enhance our internal control review process based on 
risks identified by the Audit Committee. This firm reports directly to the Audit Committee on their findings.

=== PAGE 34 ===
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
 
33
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
Board of Directors
Audit Committee
Senior Management
1st Line of Defence
<Own & Manage Risks>
Operational Management 
2nd Line of Defence
<Oversee Risks>
Risk Management
3rd Line of Defense
＜Professional Parties＞
The Board engages with management through regular meetings where management presents updates on risk 
management and internal control matters. These discussions facilitate a comprehensive dialogue on current risks, 
control effectiveness, and any necessary actions to address identified issues. The Audit Committee plays a crucial 
role in overseeing these processes and communicates any significant findings or concerns to the Board.
The Board also acknowledges its responsibility for ongoing oversight of risk management and internal control 
systems. During the past year, through the Audit Committee, a thorough review was conducted on system 
effectiveness, including resource adequacy and staff qualifications. The Audit Committee communicates any 
material issues to the Board. While we currently do not have an internal audit department due to resource 
constraints, this need is assessed annually.
Risk Assessment Process
Risks are identified through a combination of top-down and bottom-up approaches that allow us to 
comprehensively assess and prioritize risks across various operational areas. Emerging risks identified include:
• Stronger focus on Health and Safety
• Rise of automation and smart cleaning technologies – investing in new technologies to stay competitive
• Environmental awareness – more eco-friendly use of chemicals and waste disposal
• Labor shortages – rising labor costs and difficulties in hiring and retaining workers
• Climate change – extreme weather conditions can jeopardize worker safety and lead to higher labor costs, 
such as additional pay for services during typhoons

=== PAGE 35 ===
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
 
34
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
We maintain a central risk register that tracks major identified risks and provides a holistic overview for the Board 
and senior management. Major risks identified and mitigation measures include the following:
Risk Category Risk
Mitigation 
Measures
Strategic Customer Concentration We continuously diversify our customer base to reduce 
reliance on a few key customers. We actively target 
new markets or develop new services to appeal to a 
broader audience. The Group continuously looks for 
M&A opportunity to expand our business portfolio.
Investment We conduct thorough risk assessments before making 
significant investments. We set aside contingency funds 
to address unexpected financial challenges.
Reputation We implement a proactive communication strategy to 
address negative public opinion or perception.
Operational Fleet Management We implement regular maintenance schedules 
and safety checks for vehicles. We monitor vehicle 
performance and driver behavior to identify and address 
potential issues promptly.
Workplace Injury We enforce safety protocols and provide regular 
safety training to employees. We also conduct 
risk assessments to identify potential hazards and 
implement control measures.
Third-Party Liability We secure comprehensive insurance coverage to 
transfer the risk of financial losses due to unforeseen 
incidents causing damage or injury to third parties. 
We ensure contracts with third parties include clauses 
addressing liability and indemnification.
Disruption of IT System We implement redundant systems and backup plans to 
minimize the impact of technological failures. We also 
develop and regularly test disaster recovery plans to 
ensure business continuity.
Cyber-attacks We implement strong cybersecurity measures, 
including firewalls, intrusion detection systems, and 
data encryption. We also regularly update security 
software and provide cybersecurity awareness training 
to employees.
Labor Cost We continuously improve workforce management 
practices to reduce labor costs. We perform wage 
analyses regularly to monitor budget.
Fraud We continuously review our work procedures for proper 
internal control. Whistleblower policy is in place to allow 
reporting of improper practices within the organisation. 
Relevant training and internal communication are used 
to update on fraud prevention technique.

=== PAGE 36 ===
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
 
35
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
Risk Category Risk
Mitigation 
Measures
Financial Market, Credit, and Liquidity Please refer to Note 34 to the consolidated financial 
statements “Financial Instruments ” for further 
discussion.
Compliance Change of Listing Rules and 
Relevant Company Regulations 
and Ordinances
We stay informed about changes in regulations and 
update internal policies and procedures accordingly. 
We engage legal counsel to ensure compliance with all 
applicable laws and regulations.
Failure to Comply with Contract 
Terms
We implement contract management processes to 
ensure all parties meet their obligations.
Non-Compliance with Ordinances 
Related to Employment, 
Occupational Safety, and Health
We provide training to employees on relevant 
ordinances and safety procedures. We also conduct 
regular inspections to ensure compliance with safety 
standards. Please refer to our Sustainability Report for 
further details.
Information Leakage We implement data loss prevention measures to protect 
sensitive information. We also train employees on 
data security best practices and enforce strict access 
controls.
Climate Change We conduct risk assessments to identify potential 
climate-related risks and opportunities. We also 
implement measures to reduce greenhouse gas 
emissions and adapt to the impacts of climate change. 
Please refer to our Sustainability Report for further 
details.
Existing and new risks, including operational disruptions stemming from supply chain issues and regulatory 
compliance challenges, were actively monitored. These risks are prioritized based on their likelihood of occurrence, 
potential impact on our strategic goals, and resource availability, with high-impact, high-likelihood risks receiving 
the highest priority. ESG risks are integrated through dedicated assessments that evaluate environmental 
impacts alongside social responsibilities. We continuously refine our practices to align with current ESG reporting 
standards.
The Audit Committee relies on the risk assessment work conducted by the risk management team to evaluate the 
effectiveness of the organization ’s risk management systems. This involves a systematic review of significant risks 
identified and assessed through established processes, including:
• Examining reports from management that provide insights into how key risks are being managed and 
mitigated.
• Reviewing the risk register, which reflects a comprehensive profile of key risks across the organization.
• Assessing whether appropriate policies, procedures, and controls are in place to address these risks 
effectively.
• Discussing any significant control failings or weaknesses identified and the actions taken to rectify them.

=== PAGE 37 ===
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
 
36
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
Recent assessments have highlighted areas for improvement in the organization ’s internal control processes, 
prompting management to implement necessary remediations to enhance overall risk management effectiveness. 
Specifically, the Board wishes to enhance the internal control processes in the following areas:
• Risk management, fraud detection and prevention, and the whistleblowing system
• Financial authority and delegation
• IT investment decision-making process, IT vendor selection and tendering, and IT project management
• Vendor selection
To support these enhancements, we have sought professional advice from external consultants to assist with the 
assessment and remediation process in the areas identified above.
Control Activities
To mitigate environmental-related risks, the Group implements comprehensive compliance checks for 
environmental regulations to ensure adherence to legal standards. We have also established extensive employee 
training programs focused on safety protocols to enhance staff awareness of occupational health and safety, 
especially during extreme weather events.
For mitigation of operational risks, we have developed specific mitigation measures for each of the significant 
operational risks identified. Please refer to “Risk Assessment Process” above for further details.
We ensure that control activities are consistently applied across all departments through a centralized control 
framework that mandates adherence to established procedures. This framework is supported by regular training 
sessions to reinforce the importance of these controls and ensure uniform implementation.
In response to past assessments and audits, we have made several enhancements to our control activities. These 
include improvements in waste management practices and regulatory compliance. These changes were made to 
address areas for improvement highlighted by audits and ensure that our control activities remain effective and up-
to-date.
Information and Communication
Information regarding risk management is communicated throughout the organization via newsletters, training 
sessions, and dedicated intranet resources that detail policies and updates. To ensure all employees understand 
their roles in relation to risk management, comprehensive training programs are provided alongside clear 
documentation that outlines individual responsibilities within our risk management framework. Feedback on the 
effectiveness of our risk management strategies is gathered through surveys and focus groups, encouraging 
employees to share their insights. Our risk management team regularly evaluates the effectiveness of these 
measures.
Monitoring and Review
Continuous monitoring of the effectiveness of our risk management and internal control systems is conducted 
through periodic manual reviews by senior management. The Audit Committee undertakes annual reviews of the 
Group’s risk management and internal controls. Recent findings highlighted the need to enhance our financial 
planning and analysis process. Following these monitoring activities, several adjustments have been made to 
our practices. These adjustments aim to enhance financial oversight, improve decision-making, and strengthen 
strategic planning.

=== PAGE 38 ===
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
 
37
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
The Audit Committee has direct channels to inquire and communicate with the Executive Director and Chief 
Finance Officer, ensuring transparency and timely responses to critical financial matters. The benefits of these 
adjustments include improved decision-making through proactive identification of risks and opportunities, 
enhanced financial performance through swift corrective actions, and better strategic planning by aligning financial 
resources with strategic objectives.
Commitment to Improvement
The Group demonstrates its commitment to continuous improvement in risk management practices by actively 
seeking external audits and incorporating feedback into our practices. We foster a culture of continuous learning 
among staff members through ongoing training programs tailored to different levels within the organization, 
enhancing their understanding of both risk management principles and internal controls. Looking ahead, we have 
planned future initiatives to further strengthen our risk management framework, particularly concerning climate-
related risks. These initiatives include developing a comprehensive climate strategy aligned with international 
standards and investing in technology to improve data analytics related to climate impacts.
11. HANDLING AND DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION
For the purpose of handling and disseminating inside information in accordance with the Listing Rules and the 
SFO, the Group has taken various procedures and measures, including arousing the awareness to preserve 
confidentiality of inside information within the Group, sending blackout period and securities dealing restrictions 
notification to the relevant directors and employees regularly, disseminating information to specified persons on 
a need-to know basis and regarding closely to the “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information ” issued by the 
Securities and Futures Commission in June 2012.
12. AUDITORS ’ REMUNERATION
For the Year, KPMG charged the Group approximately HK$1.7 million for the audit services and HK$0.4 million for 
non-audit services (including services in connection with a potential major acquisition).
13 WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY AND ANTI-BRIBERY AND ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY
The Board has adopted the Whistleblowing Policy and system in accordance with the principles set out in 
the corporate governance code D.2.6 for employees and those who deal with the Group to raise concern, in 
confidence and anonymity, if required and appropriate, with the Audit Committee of the Company about possible 
improprieties in any matter related to the Group. The Board has also adopted the Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption 
Policy setting out responsibilities of the Group ’s employees to identify and prevent bribery and corruption incidents 
in order to protect the integrity and reputation of the Group.
14. COMPANY SECRETARY
The company secretary of the Company, Mr. Chan Chor Fai, is the Chief Finance Officer of the Company. The 
biographical details of Mr. Chan are set our under the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior 
Management” of this annual report.
According to the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Mr. Chan has taken not less than 15 hours of 
relevant professional training during the Year. The company secretary is a full time employee of the Company and 
has day-to-day knowledge of the Company ’s affairs. He reports to the Chairman and is responsible for advising 
the Board on governance matters.

=== PAGE 39 ===
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
 
38
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
15. SHAREHOLDERS ’ RIGHTS
Procedures for shareholders to convene an extraordinary general meeting
Pursuant to Article 58 of the Company ’s Articles of Association, an extraordinary general meeting shall be called 
by the Board on the written resolution of any one or more shareholders of the Company, provided that such 
shareholder(s) held at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the 
Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company. Such meeting shall be called for the 
transaction of any business specified in the written requisition to the Board or the company secretary of the 
Company; and shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within twenty-one days of 
such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisition(s) himself (themselves) may do 
so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the 
Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.
Procedures for putting forward proposals at general meetings
There are no statutory provisions granting the right to shareholders to put forward or move new resolutions at 
general meetings under the Cayman Islands Companies Law or the Articles of Association of the Company. 
Shareholders who wish to move a resolution may request the Company to convene a general meeting following 
the procedures set out in the preceding paragraph.
Procedures for directing shareholders’ enquiries to the Board
Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns with sufficient contact details to the Board to the 
following:
Address: Unit A, 4/F., Dragon Industrial Building, 93 King Lam Street, Lai Chi Kok, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
Fax: 2544-8668
Email: info@baguio.com.hk
For the avoidance of doubt, shareholder(s) must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition, 
notice or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address, and provide their full name, contact 
details and identification in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders ’ information may be disclosed as required by 
law.
16. COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company continues to pursue a proactive policy of promoting investor relations and communications 
by conducting analyst ’s briefing, road shows, participating in investors ’ conferences and making corporate 
presentations during these events.
To enhance transparency, the Company endeavors to maintain open dialogue with Shareholders through a wide 
array of channels such as the annual general meetings and other general meetings. Shareholders are encouraged 
to participate in these meetings. The Company also recognises the importance of transparency and timely 
disclosure of corporate information, which will enable Shareholders and investors to make the best investment 
decisions.
The general meetings of the Company provide a forum for communication between the Board and the 
Shareholders. The Chairman of the Board as well as chairman of the Nomination Committee, Remuneration 
Committee and Audit Committee or, in their absence, other members of the respective committees and, where 
applicable, the chairman of the independent Board committee, are available to answer questions at shareholder 
meetings.
To promote effective communication, the Company maintains a website at http://www.baguio.com.hk where 
up-to-date information and updates on the Company ’s business operations and developments, financial 
information and other information are available for public access.

=== PAGE 40 ===
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
 
39
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
The Board reviews the Shareholders ’ communication policy on a regular basis to ensure its effectiveness, 
particularly with regards to the requirements of Part 2 of Appendix C1 in the Corporate Governance Code. The 
Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders ’ communication policy during its 
meetings, and is of the view that the Shareholders ’ communication policy has been effectively implemented based 
on the measures adopted above.
17. COMPLIANCE OF NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING
The Company has entered into a deed of non-competition dated 24 April 2014 (the “Non-competition Deed”) with 
Baguio Green (Holding) Limited and Mr. Ng Wing Hong, both being the controlling shareholders of the Company 
(the “Controlling Shareholders”), pursuant to which the Controlling Shareholders procure that its/his/her associates 
(other than the members of our Company) not to, engage in any competing business involving the environmental 
industry.
The Company has received the annual confirmation from the Controlling Shareholders in compliance with the 
terms of the deed of non-competition. The Independent Non-executive Directors has reviewed the annual 
confirmation from the Controlling Shareholders relating to the compliance with the non-competition undertaking 
by the Controlling Shareholders under the deed of non-competition and are satisfied that the same has been 
complied with by the Controlling Shareholders under the deed of non-competition.

=== PAGE 41 ===
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
40
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of Baguio Green Group Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Baguio Green Group Limited ( “the Company ”) and its 
subsidiaries ( “the Group ”) set out on pages 44 to 107, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial 
position as at 31 December 2025, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the 
consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended and 
notes, comprising material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the 
Group as at 31 December 2025 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the 
year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified 
Public Accountants ( “HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the 
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ( “HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA. 
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor ’s responsibilities for the audit of the 
consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the 
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants ( “the Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of 
public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe 
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate 
opinion on these matters.

=== PAGE 42 ===
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
41
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
Valuation of defined benefit obligations
Refer to note 35 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on note 2(i).
The key audit matter  How the matter was addressed in our audit 
The Group has a large number of staff, the costs of 
which (comprising salaries and other benefits including 
long service payments, severance payments and 
gratuity payments) account for a very substantial portion 
of the Group ’s total expenses. The Group experiences 
high staff turnover, especially when new service 
contracts are awarded or existing service contracts 
expire without renewal.
The Group ’s defined benefit obligations, comprising 
provisions for long service payments, severance 
payments and gratuity payments amounted to 
HK$125,376,000 as at 31 December 2025 are 
assessed by the directors based on an valuation 
prepared by a qualified external actuary using the 
projected unit credit method in accordance with the 
recognised industry standards. The assessment of 
defined benefit obligations is dependent upon significant 
estimates determined by management with the 
assistance of the external actuary.
We identified defined benefit obligations as a key audit 
matter because the Group ’s business model is labour-
intensive and the significant management estimates 
involved in the calculation of the obligations.
Our audit procedures to assess defined employment benefit 
obligations included the following:
• obtaining an understanding of and assessing the 
design and implementation of management ’s 
key internal controls relating to defined benefit 
obligations;
• Assessing competence, capabilities and objectivity 
of the external actuary;
• With the assistance of our internal actuarial 
specialist, evaluating the appropriateness of the 
valuation methodology with reference to the 
requirements of the prevailing accounting standards 
and the reasonableness of the key assumptions 
applied by the external actuary; developing an 
independent expectation and comparing with the 
valuation of defined benefit obligations of the Group; 
and
• Considering the reasonableness of the disclosures 
in the consolidated financial statements in respect of 
the defined benefit obligations with reference to the 
requirements of the prevailing accounting standards.
INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S REPORT 
THEREON
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in 
the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor ’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any 
form of assurance conclusion thereon as part of our engagement to audit the consolidated financial statements. We 
have performed an assurance engagement on the disclosed continuing connected transactions that form part of the 
other information and provided a separate assurance practitioner ’s conclusion thereon that is included within the other 
information.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial 
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, 
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view 
in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Stanards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the 
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the 
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group ’s ability to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern 
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic 
alternative but to do so.
The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group ’s 
financial reporting process.

=== PAGE 43 ===
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
42
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor ’s report that includes our opinion. 
This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or 
accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with 
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to 
fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the 
Group’s internal control.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and 
related disclosures made by the directors.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors ’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on 
the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast 
significant doubt on the Group ’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty 
exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor ’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated 
financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on 
the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor ’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause 
the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in 
a manner that achieves fair presentation.
• Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information 
of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial 
statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes 
of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit 
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought 
to bear on our independence and, where applicable, related safeguards.

=== PAGE 44 ===
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
43
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance 
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We 
describe these matters in our auditor ’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or 
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because 
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such 
communication.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor ’s report is Cheng Pui Ngar (practising 
certificate number: P05280).
KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong
24 March 2026

=== PAGE 45 ===
44
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars)
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Revenue 5 2,424,634 2,603,087
Cost of services (2,194,039) (2,414,722)
Gross profit 230,595 188,365
Other income, gains and losses 6 23,689 9,583
Selling and marketing expenses (2,467) (2,228)
Administrative expenses (132,445) (119,323)
Profit from operations 119,372 76,397
Finance costs 7 (5,118) (10,571)
Profit before taxation 8 114,254 65,826
Income tax 9 (17,150) (9,367)
Profit for the year 97,104 56,459
Other comprehensive income:
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translation of financial statements 
of subsidiaries, net of nil tax 104 (55)
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Remeasurement of defined benefit obligations (1,526) 1,687
Other comprehensive income (1,422) 1,632
Total comprehensive income for the year 95,682 58,091
Profit for the year attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company 97,279 53,856
Non-controlling interests (175) 2,603
97,104 56,459
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company 95,857 55,488
Non-controlling interests (175) 2,603
95,682 58,091
Earnings per share
Basic and diluted (HK cents) 11 23.44 12.98
The notes on pages 48 to 107 form part of these financial statements.

=== PAGE 46 ===
45
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2025
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars)
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 13 173,133 198,575
Right-of-use assets 14 30,889 33,768
Intangible assets 8,200 8,200
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 17 16,259 15,181
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables 18 28,407 28,191
Deferred tax assets 30 1,964 2,098
258,852 286,013
Current assets
Inventories 19 2,250 2,347
Contract assets 20 9,593 7,765
Trade receivables 21 454,337 554,451
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables 18 22,658 24,791
Tax recoverable – 795
Pledged bank deposits 22 7,449 7,338
Cash and cash equivalents 23 244,293 128,054
740,580 725,541
Current liabilities
Trade payables 24 43,312 42,279
Contract liabilities 25 2,138 4,002
Accruals, deposits received and other payables 26 342,515 401,150
Bank borrowings 27 50,699 80,810
Lease liabilities 28 10,959 11,950
Tax payable 7,594 2,853
457,217 543,044
Net current assets 283,363 182,497
Total assets less current liabilities 542,215 468,510
Non-current liabilities
Other payables 26 – 324
Lease liabilities 28 24,320 26,138
Provision 29 12,321 11,852
Deferred tax liabilities 30 12,980 16,514
49,621 54,828
Net assets 492,594 413,682
Capital and reserves
Share capital 31 4,150 4,150
Reserves 32 487,506 407,419
Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company 491,656 411,569
Non-controlling interests 938 2,113 
Total equity 492,594 413,682
Approved by the Board of Directors on 24 March 2026 and signed on its behalf by:
Ng Wing Hong Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis
Director Director
The notes on pages 48 to 107 form part of these financial statements.

=== PAGE 47 ===
46
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars)
Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
Non- 
controlling 
interests
 Total 
equity
 Share 
capital
 Share 
premium
 Other 
reserve
Share 
option 
reserve
 Translation 
reserve
 Retained 
earnings Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
As at 1 January 2024 4,150 100,850 18,330 1,165 (270) 245,966 370,191 (490) 369,701
Profit for the year – – – – – 53,856 53,856 2,603 56,459
Other comprehensive income  
for the year – – – – (55) 1,687 1,632 – 1,632
Total comprehensive income  
for the year – – – – (55) 55,543 55,488 2,603 58,091
Dividends approved in  
respect of the previous year 
(note 10(b)) – – – – – (14,110) (14,110) – (14,110)
Share options lapsed – – – (1,165) – 1,165 – – –
As at 31 December 2024  
and 1 January 2025 4,150 100,850 18,330 – (325) 288,564 411,569 2,113 413,682
Profit for the year – – – – – 97,279 97,279 (175) 97,104
Other comprehensive income  
for the year – – – – 104 (1,526) (1,422) – (1,422)
Total comprehensive income  
for the year – – – – 104 95,753 95,857 (175) 95,682
Dividends approved in  
respect of the previous year 
(note 10(b)) – – – – – (15,770) (15,770) – (15,770)
Dividends declared in respect  
of the current year – – – – – – – (1,000) (1,000)
 As at 31 December 2025 4,150 100,850 18,330 – (221) 368,547 491,656 938 492,594
The notes on pages 48 to 107 form part of these financial statements.

=== PAGE 48 ===
47
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars)
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Operating activities
Profit before taxation 114,254 65,826
Adjustments for:
Depreciation 8 72,762 87,154
Recognition of credit losses on trade receivables 8 193 683
Recognition of credit losses on other receivables 8 197 198
Gain on disposal of right-of-use assets 6 – (2,491)
(Gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 6 (14,963) 722
Change in fair value of investments in life insurance 17 (1,078) (138)
Interest income 6 (2,789) (1,878)
Finance costs 7 5,118 10,571
Changes in working capital:
Decrease in inventories 97 406
Decrease in biological assets – 259
(Increase)/decrease in contract assets (1,828) 969
Decrease in trade receivables 99,921 44,482
Decrease/(increase) in prepayments, deposits and other receivables 2,710 (1,819)
Increase/(decrease) in trade payables 1,033 (5,841)
(Decrease)/increase in contract liabilities (1,864) 373
(Decrease)/increase in accruals, deposits received and other payables (60,053) 85,008
Cash generated from operations 213,710 284,484
Income tax paid (15,014) (22,043)
Net cash generated from operating activities 198,696 262,441
Investing activities
Interest received 2,592 1,680
Increase in pledged bank deposits (111) (127)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment 27,326 1,281
Payment for the purchase of property, plant and equipment (47,114) (34,982)
Net cash used in investing activities (17,307) (32,148)
Financing activities
Proceeds from new bank borrowings 23(a) 1,052,155 1,728,273
Repayments of bank borrowings 23(a) (1,082,266) (1,830,127)
Interest paid for bank borrowings and overdrafts 23(a) (3,533) (8,765)
Capital element of lease rentals paid 23(a) (13,252) (12,384)
Interest element of lease rentals paid 23(a) (1,585) (1,734)
Dividend paid to equity shareholders of the Company 10(b) (15,770) (14,110)
Dividend paid to a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary (1,000) -
Repayment of loan from a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary 23(a) – (4,695)
Other interest paid – (72)
Net cash used in financing activities (65,251) (143,614)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 116,138 86,679
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 128,054 41,425
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes 101 (50)
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 23 244,293 128,054
The notes on pages 48 to 107 form part of these financial statements.

=== PAGE 49 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
48
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
1. GENERAL INFORMATION
The Company was incorporated with limited liability in the Cayman Islands and its shares are listed on the Main 
Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The ultimate holding company of the Company is Baguio 
Green (Holding) Limited, which was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands ( “BVI”). The registered office of the 
Company is located at Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P .O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands 
and its principal place of business in Hong Kong is located at Unit A, 4/F., Dragon Industrial Building, No. 93 King 
Lam Street, Lai Chi Kok, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are engaged 
in the provision of environmental and related services and goods.
The consolidated financial statements comprise the Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the 
“Group”) and the Group ’s interest in an associate and are presented in Hong Kong Dollars ( “HK$”), which is also 
the functional currency of the Company. All values are rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise stated.
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(a) Statement of compliance
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting 
Standards, which collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards 
(“HKFRSs”), Hong Kong Accounting Standards ( “HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong 
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong 
Kong Companies Ordinance ( “CO”). These financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure 
provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited 
(the “Listing Rules”). Material accounting policies adopted by the Group are disclosed below.
The HKICPA has issued certain new and amended HKFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective or 
available for early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 2(c) provides information 
on any changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent 
that they are relevant to the Group for the current and prior accounting periods reflected in these financial 
statements.
(b) Basis of preparation
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain 
financial instruments that are measured at their fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained 
in the accounting policies below.
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS Accounting Standards requires 
management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and 
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions 
are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the 
circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets 
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting 
estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, 
or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRS Accounting Standards that have significant 
effect on the financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 3.

=== PAGE 50 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
49
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(b) Basis of preparation (Continued)
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is 
directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or 
a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would 
take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value 
for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on 
such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of HKFRS 2, leasing 
transactions that are within the scope of HKFRS 16, and measurements that have some similarities to fair 
value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2 or value in use in HKAS 36.
In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 
based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance 
of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:
• Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
entity can access at the measurement date;
• Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices include within Level 1, that are observable for the
asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
• Level 3 inputs are unobservable for the asset or liability.
(c) Changes in accounting policies
The Group has applied the amendments to HKAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates 
– Lack of Exchangeability , issued by the HKICPA to these financial statements for the current accounting 
period. The amendments do not have a material impact on these financial statements as the Group has not 
entered into any foreign currency transactions in which the foreign currency is not exchangeable into another 
currency.
The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current 
accounting period.

=== PAGE 51 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
50
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(d) Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities 
(including structured entities) controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the 
Company:
－ has power over the investee;
－ is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
－ has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.
The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there 
are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.
Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when 
the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired 
or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to 
control the subsidiary.
Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the equity shareholders 
of the Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is 
attributed to the equity shareholders of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results 
in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.
When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting 
policies into line with the Group ’s accounting policies.
All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between 
members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.
Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the 
Company, and in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those 
interests which would result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those 
interests that meets the definition of a financial liability. For each business combination, the Group can elect 
to measure any non-controlling interests either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests ’ proportionate 
share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.
Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, 
separately from equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in 
the results of the Group are presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the 
year between non-controlling interests and the equity shareholders of the Company. Loans from holders of 
non- controlling interests and other contractual obligations towards these holders are presented as financial 
liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position in accordance with note 2(r).
In the Company ’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less 
impairment losses (see note 2(n)(iii)), unless the investment is classified as held for sale.

=== PAGE 52 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
51
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(e) Associates
An associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over the 
financial and operating policies.
An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method, unless it is classified as held 
for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale). Under the equity method, the 
investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group ’s share of the acquisition-date 
fair values of the investee ’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any). The cost of the 
investment includes purchase price, other costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment, and 
any direct investment into the associate that forms part of the Group ’s equity investment. Thereafter, the 
investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group ’s share of the investee ’s net assets and 
any impairment loss relating to the investment (see note 2(n)(iii)). Any acquisition date excess over cost, the 
Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the investees and any impairment losses for the 
year are recognised in profit or loss, whereas the Group ’s share of the post-acquisition post-tax items of the 
investees’ other comprehensive income is recognised in other comprehensive income.
When the Group ’s share of losses exceeds its interest in an associate, the Group ’s interest is reduced to 
nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal 
or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group ’s 
interest is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method, together with any other long-
term interests that in substance form part of the Group ’s net investment in the associate, after applying the 
expected credit loss (“ECL”) model to such other long-term interests where applicable (see note 2(n)(i)).
Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associate are eliminated 
to the extent of the Group ’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an 
impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest 
is not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method.
In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted 
for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit 
or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence or joint control is 
lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial 
asset.

=== PAGE 53 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
52
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(f) Revenue and other income
Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the provision of services and sales of goods 
in the ordinary course of the Group ’s business.
Revenue is recognised when control over a service or product is transferred to the customer at the amount 
of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected 
on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of 
any trade discounts.
Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the 
customer for more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, 
discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the 
customer, and interest income is accrued separately under the effective interest method.
Further details of the Group ’s revenue and other income recognition policies are described below.
Services income are recognised in the accounting period in which the services are rendered, by reference to 
completion of the specific transaction assessed on the basis of the actual service provided as a proportion 
of the total services to be provided.
For services that are provided on ad-hoc basis, service income is recognised when the services are 
rendered.
Revenue from sales of goods is recognised when the customer takes possession of and accepts the 
products. If the products are a partial fulfilment of a contract covering other goods and/or services, then the 
amount of revenue recognised is an appropriate proportion of the total transaction price under the contract, 
allocated between all the goods and services promised under the contract on a relative stand-alone selling 
price basis.
Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method. For financial assets 
measured at amortised cost that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross 
carrying amount of the asset. For credit impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied to the 
amortised cost (i.e. gross carrying amount net of loss allowance) of the asset (see note 2(n)(i)).
Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognised in profit or loss in equal instalments over the 
periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative of the pattern of 
benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset. Lease incentives granted are recognised in profit or 
loss as an integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivable. Contingent rentals are recognised as 
income in the accounting period in which they are earned.
Government grants are recognised in the statement of financial position initially when there is reasonable 
assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them. 
Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised as income in profit or loss on a 
systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred. Grants that compensate the Group 
for the cost of an asset are deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and consequently are effectively 
recognised in profit or loss over the useful life of the asset by way of reduced depreciation expense.

=== PAGE 54 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
53
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(g) Leased assets
At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or 
contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time 
in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use 
of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.
(i) As a lessee
At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, 
except for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value 
assets. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the Group decides whether 
to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments associated with those leases 
which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a systematic basis over the lease term.
Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease 
payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that 
rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, 
the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is calculated using the effective 
interest method. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in 
the measurement of the lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period 
in which they are incurred.
The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which 
comprises the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the 
commencement date, and any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-
of-use assets also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to 
restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, discounted to their present value, less 
any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated 
depreciation and impairment losses (see notes 2(m) and 2(n)(iii)).
The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change 
in an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group ’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable 
under a residual value guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment of whether the 
Group will be reasonably certain to exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the 
lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount 
of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset 
has been reduced to zero.
The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a lease modification, which means a change in 
the scope of a lease or the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease 
contract, it such modification is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability is 
remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at the 
effective date of the modification.
In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities 
is determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve 
months after the reporting period.

=== PAGE 55 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
54
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(g) Leased assets (Continued)
(ii) As a lessor
When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease 
or an operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and 
rewards incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the case, the 
lease is classified as an operating lease.
When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in 
the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income from 
operating leases is recognised in accordance with note 2(f).
When the Group is an intermediate lessor, the sub-leases are classified as a finance lease or as an 
operating lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. If the head lease is 
a short-term lease to which the Group applies the exemption described in note 2(g)(i), then the Group 
classifies the sub-lease as an operating lease.
(h) Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which 
are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are 
added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use 
or sale.
All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.
(i) Employee benefits
(i) Short term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes
Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes 
and the cost of non-monetary benefits are charged to consolidated statement of profit or loss and 
other comprehensive income in the year in which the associated services are rendered by employees.
(ii) Defined benefit obligations
The Group has obligations for severance payment ( “SP”) and long severance payment ( “LSP”) under 
the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance. Certain employees of the Group are entitled to gratuity 
payments as stipulated in the Group ’s service contracts with the Government of the Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region.
The Group ’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit obligations is calculated by estimating the 
amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods and discounting 
that amount. For SP and LSP obligations, the estimated amount of future benefit is determined after 
deducting the negative service cost arising from the accrued benefits derived from the Group ’s MPF 
contributions that have been vested with employees, which are deemed to be contributions from the 
relevant employees.
The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed by a qualified actuary using the projected 
unit credit method. 
Remeasurements arising from defined benefit obligations, which comprise actuarial gains and 
losses, and the effect of any asset ceiling (excluding interest), are recognised immediately in other 
comprehensive income. Net interest expense for the period is determined by applying the discount 
rate used to measure the defined benefit obligations at the beginning of the reporting period to the 
then net defined benefit obligations liability, taking into account any changes in the net defined benefit 
obligations liability during the period. Net interest expense and other expenses related to defined 
benefit obligations are recognised in profit or loss.

=== PAGE 56 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
55
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(i) Employee benefits (Continued)
(iii) Equity-settled share-based payments
The fair value of share options granted to employees is recognised as an employee cost with a 
corresponding increase in share option reserve within equity. Where the employees have to meet 
vesting conditions before becoming unconditionally entitled to the options, the total estimated fair 
value of the options is spread over the vesting period, taking into account the probability that the 
options will vest.
During the vesting period, the number of share options that is expected to vest is reviewed. Any 
resulting adjustment to the cumulative fair value recognised in prior years is charged/credited to 
the profit or loss for the year of the review, unless the original employee expenses qualified for 
recognition as an asset, with a corresponding adjustment to the share option reserve. On vesting 
date, the amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of options that 
vest (with a corresponding adjustment to the share option reserve) except where forfeiture is only 
due to not achieving vesting conditions that relate to the market price of the Company ’s shares. The 
equity amount is recognised in the share option reserve until either the option is exercised (when 
it is transferred to the share premium) or the option expires (when it is released directly to retained 
earnings).
(j) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other 
financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known 
amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three 
months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECL in accordance with the 
policy set out in note 2(n)(i).
(k) Taxation
Income tax for the year comprises current tax and deferred tax. It is recognised in profit or loss except 
to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in other 
comprehensive income.
Current tax comprises the estimated tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year 
and any adjustments to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The amount of current tax 
payable or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects any 
uncertainty related to income taxes. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the 
reporting date. Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends.
Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.
Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and 
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not 
recognised for:
– temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a 
business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give 
rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;
– temporary differences related to investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture to the extent 
that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is 
probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future;
– taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill; and
– those related to the income taxes arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted to implement 
the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development 
(“OECD”).

=== PAGE 57 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
56
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(k) Taxation (Continued)
Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary 
differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they 
can be used. Future taxable profits are determined based on the reversal of relevant taxable temporary 
differences. If the amount of taxable temporary differences is insufficient to recognise a deferred tax asset 
in full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for reversals of existing temporary differences, are considered, 
based on the business plans for individual subsidiaries in the Group. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at 
each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will 
be realised; such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.
The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in 
which the Group expects, at the reporting date, to reverse and settle the carrying amount of its assets and 
liabilities.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.
(l) Investment property
Investment properties are land and/or building which are owned or held under a leasehold interest (see 
note 2(g)) to earn rental income and/or for capital appreciation. These include land held for a currently 
undetermined future use and property that is being constructed or developed for future use as investment 
property.
Investment properties are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see note 
2(n)(iii)). Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of investment property held 
under a leasehold interest over its estimated useful life which is the lease term of 20 years.
Useful lives and depreciation method are review and, if appropriate, adjusted at the end of each reporting 
period. Any gain or loss on retirement or disposal of an investment property is recognised in profit or loss on 
the date of retirement or disposal.
(m) Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets arising from leases of underlying property, plant 
and equipment (see note 2(g)), are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less 
accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses (see note 2(n)(iii)).
The cost of self-constructed items of property, plant and equipment includes the cost of materials, direct 
labour, the initial estimate, where relevant, of the costs of dismantling and removing the items and restoring 
the site on which they are located, and an appropriate proportion of production overheads and borrowing 
costs (see note 2(h)).
Items may be produced while bringing an item of property, plant and equipment to the location and 
condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. The proceeds 
from selling any such items and the related costs are recognised in profit or loss.
Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are 
determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item and 
are recognised in profit or loss on the date of retirement or disposal.

=== PAGE 58 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
57
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(m) Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and 
equipment to its estimated residual value, if any, over its estimated useful life. The estimated useful lives for 
each class of property, plant and equipment are as follows:
Land and buildings Over the shorter of term of lease or 50 years
Furniture and fixtures 1 to 10 years
Motor vehicles 3 to 10 years
Vessels 3 years
Equipment and machinery 1 to 10 years
Leasehold improvements Over the shorter of term of lease or 12 years
Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter period of the lease term and the useful life of the 
underlying asset. If a lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset or the cost of the right-of-use asset 
reflects that the Group expects to exercise a purchase option, the related right-of-use asset is depreciated 
over the useful life of the underlying asset.
Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is 
allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, if 
any, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at the end of 
each reporting period.
(n) Credit losses and impairment of assets
(i) Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets
The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECL on the following items:
－ financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents and trade and 
other receivables); and
－ contract assets as defined in HKFRS 15 (see note 2(p)).
Financial assets measured at fair value are not subject to the ECL assessment.
Measurement of ECLs
ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present 
value of all expected cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the Group in 
accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).
The expected cash shortfalls of trade and other receivables and contract assets are discounted using 
the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof where the effect 
of discounting is material.
The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which 
the Group is exposed to credit risk.
In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is 
available without undue cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions 
and forecasts of future economic conditions.
ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:
－ 12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events within 
the 12 months after the reporting date; and
－ lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over 
the expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

=== PAGE 59 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
58
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(n) Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
(i) Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets (Continued)
Measurement of ECLs (Continued)
Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal 
to lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the 
Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an 
assessment of both the current and forecast general economic conditions at the reporting date.
For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs 
unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial 
recognition, in which case the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.
Significant increases in credit risk
In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial 
recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument assessed at 
the reporting date with that assessed at the date of initial recognition. In making this reassessment, the 
Group considers that a default event occurs when the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations 
to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held). 
The Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, 
including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or 
effort.
In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has 
increased significantly since initial recognition:
－ failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;
－ an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument ’s external or internal credit 
rating (if available);
－ an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and
－ existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that 
have a significant adverse effect on the debtor ’s ability to meet its obligation to the Group.
Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit 
risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed 
on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, 
such as past due status and credit risk ratings.
ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument ’s credit risk 
since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or loss 
in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a 
corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.

=== PAGE 60 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
59
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(n) Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
(i) Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets (Continued)
Basis of calculation of interest income
Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the 
financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on the amortised 
cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the financial asset.
At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial 
asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated 
future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.
Evidence that a financial asset is credit impaired includes the following observable events:
－ significant financial difficulties of the debtor;
－ a breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal payments;
－ it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;
－ significant changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have an 
adverse effect on the debtor; or
－ the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of the financial difficulties 
of the issuer.
Write-off policy
The gross carrying amount of a financial asset or contract asset is written off (either partially or in full) 
to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group 
determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient 
cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.
Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of 
impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.
(ii) Credit losses from financial guarantees issued
Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified 
payments to reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the “holder”) for a loss the holder incurs 
because a specified debtor fails to make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt 
instrument.
Financial guarantees issued are initially recognised within accruals, deposits received and other 
payables at fair value, which is determined by reference to fees charged in an arm ’s length transaction 
for similar services, when such information is obtainable, or to interest rate differentials, by comparing 
the actual rates charged by lenders when the guarantee is made available with the estimated rates 
that lenders would have charged, had the guarantees not been available, where reliable estimates of 
such information can be made. Where consideration is received or receivable for the issuance of the 
guarantee, the consideration is recognised in accordance with the Group ’s policies applicable to that 
category of asset. Where no such consideration is received or receivable, an immediate expense is 
recognised in profit or loss.
Subsequent to initial recognition, the amount initially recognised as deferred income is amortised in 
profit or loss over the term of the guarantee as income from financial guarantees issued.

=== PAGE 61 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
60
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(n) Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
(ii) Credit losses from financial guarantees issued (Continued)
The Group monitors the risk that the specified debtor will default on the contract and recognises a 
provision when ECLs on the financial guarantees are determined to be higher than the amount carried 
in accruals, deposits received and other payables in respect of the guarantees (i.e. the amount initially 
recognised, less accumulated amortisation).
To determine ECLs, the Group considers changes in the risk of default of the specified debtor since 
the issuance of the guarantee. A 12-month ECL is measured unless the risk that the specified debtor 
will default has increased significantly since the guarantee is issued, in which case a lifetime ECL is 
measured. The same definition of default and the same assessment of significant increase in credit risk 
as described in note 2(n)(i) apply.
As the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by the specified debtor in 
accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed, an ECL is estimated based on the 
expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amount that the 
Group expects to receive from the holder of the guarantee, the specified debtor or any other party. The 
amount is then discounted using the current risk-free rate adjusted for risks specific to the cash flows.
(iii) Impairment of other non-current assets
At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of the following assets to 
determine whether there is any indication of impairment:
－ property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets;
－ interest in an associate (see note 2(e)); and
－ investments in subsidiaries in the Company ’s statement of financial position.
If any such indication exists, then the asset ’s recoverable amount is estimated.
For impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest Group of assets that generates 
cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets 
or cash-generating units ( “CGU”s). The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its 
value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal. Value in use is based on the estimated future 
cash flows, discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market 
assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU.
An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable 
amount.
Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. They are allocated to reduce the carrying amounts 
of the other assets in the CGU on a pro rata basis. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent 
that the resulting carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been 
determined, net of depreciation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.
(o) Inventories
Inventories are stated at lower of cost and net realisable value.
Cost represents the invoiced cost of inventories and is calculated using the weighted average cost formula. 
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less estimated costs 
necessary to make the sale.

=== PAGE 62 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
61
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(p) Contract assets and contract liabilities
A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue (see note 2(f)) before being 
unconditionally entitled to the consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract. Contract 
assets are assessed for ECL in accordance with the policy set out in note 2(n)(i) and are reclassified to 
receivables when the right to the consideration has become unconditional (see note 2(r)).
A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays non-refundable consideration before the Group 
recognises the related revenue (see note 2(f)). A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has 
an unconditional right to receive consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue. In such 
cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised (see note 2(r)).
When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest 
accrued under the effective interest method.
(q) Provisions, contingent liabilities and onerous contracts
(i) Provisions and contingent liabilities
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of 
a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefit, will be required to settle the obligation 
and a reliable estimate can be made.
The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the 
present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties 
surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the 
present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the 
time value of money is material).
Provisions shall be reviewed at the end of each reporting period and adjusted to reflect the current 
best estimate. If it is no longer probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will 
be required to settle the obligation, the provision shall be reversed.
When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered 
from a third party, a receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will 
be received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.
When it is probable that the costs of services to fulfill the obligations under the contracts will exceed 
the total contract revenue, a provision for onerous contracts would be made. In estimating such 
provision, management takes into account the costs to fulfill the obligations under the contracts and 
any compensation or penalties arising from failure of fulfilling such obligations.
Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be 
estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow 
of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities 
unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

=== PAGE 63 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
62
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(q) Provisions contingent liabilities and onerous contracts (Continued)
(ii) Onerous contracts
A provision for onerous contracts is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected 
cost of terminating the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract, which 
is determined based on the incremental costs of fulfilling the obligation under that contract and an 
allocation of other costs directly related to fulfilling that contract. Before a provision is established, the 
Group recognises any impairment loss on the assets associated with that contract.
(r) Financial instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position 
when a Group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instruments. Financial assets and 
financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the 
acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities 
at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or 
financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
Financial assets
All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame 
established by regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognised and derecognised on a trade date 
basis.
Investments in life insurance
Investments in life insurance is classified as fair value through profit or loss ( “FVPL”), if the investment does 
not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income 
(“FVOCI”). Changes in the fair value of the investment (including interest) are recognised in profit or loss.
Trade and other receivables
A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration and only the 
passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.
Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured at their 
transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and other receivables are 
initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are subsequently stated at amortised 
cost.

=== PAGE 64 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
63
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(r) Financial instruments (Continued)
Financial liabilities and equity instruments
Debt and equity instruments issued by the Group are classified according to the substance of the 
contractual arrangements entered into and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.
Equity instruments
An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after 
deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Group are recognised at the proceeds 
received, net of direct issue costs.
Trade and other payables
Trade and other payables are initially measured at fair value less any directly attributable transaction costs. 
Except for financial guarantee liabilities measured in accordance with note 2(n)(ii), subsequent to initial 
recognition, trade and other payables are measured at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would 
be immaterial, in which case they are stated at invoice amounts.
Interest-bearing borrowings
Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequent to initial 
recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method. 
Interest expense is recognised in accordance with the Group ’s accounting policy for borrowing costs (see 
note 2(h)).
(s) Translation of foreign currencies
Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the 
transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the 
foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are recognised 
in profit or loss.
Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are 
translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. The transaction date is the 
date on which the Group initially recognises such non-monetary assets or liabilities. Non-monetary assets 
and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign 
exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was measured.
The results of foreign operations are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates approximating 
the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Statement of financial position items are 
translated into Hong Kong dollars at the closing foreign exchange rates at the end of the reporting period. 
The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated 
separately in equity in the translation reserve.
On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that foreign 
operation is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the profit or loss on disposal is recognised.

=== PAGE 65 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
64
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(t) Segment reporting
Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements, are 
identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group ’s chief operating decision-maker 
for the purpose of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group ’s various lines of 
business and geographical locations.
Individual material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the 
segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and 
services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute 
the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments 
which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.
(u) Related parties
(i) A person, or close member of that person ’s family, is related to the Group if that person:
(1) has control or joint control over the Group;
(2) has significant influence over the Group; or
(3) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group ’s parent.
(ii) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:
(1) the entity and the Group are members of the same Group (which means that each parent, 
subsidiary and follow subsidiary is related to the others).
(2) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a 
member of a Group of which the other entity is a member).
(3) both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.
(4) one entity is a joint venture of a third party and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.
(5) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or 
an entity related to the Group.
(6) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (i).
(7) a person identified in (i)(1) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key 
management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).
(8) the entity, or any member of a Group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel 
services to the Group or to the Group ’s parent.
Close family members of an individual are those family members who may be expected to influence, or 
influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

=== PAGE 66 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
65
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
3. ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
Note 34 contain information about the assumptions and their risk factors relating to fair value of financial 
instruments. Other key sources of estimation uncertainty are as follows:
(a) Useful lives of property, plant and equipment
Management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation expenses for the Group ’s 
property, plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the useful lives of the 
property, plant and equipment of similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as a result of 
technical innovations. Management will revise the depreciation expenses where useful lives are different to 
previously estimated, or it will write off or write down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have 
been abandoned.
(b) Estimation of defined benefit obligations
The value of defined benefit obligations depends on a number of factors that are determined on an actuarial 
basis using certain assumptions. Any changes in these assumptions will impact the carrying amount of 
defined benefit obligations. Details of key assumptions and impact of possible changes in key assumptions 
are disclosed in note 35.
4. SEGMENT INFORMATION
Information reported to the executive directors, being the chief operating decision maker, for the purposes of 
resource allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on types of services provided. The Group 
has identified four reportable segments. No operating segments have been aggregated to form the following 
reportable segments:
－ Cleaning services business
－ Waste management and recycling business
－ Landscaping services business
－ Pest management business
Information regarding the Group’s reportable segments is presented below.

=== PAGE 67 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
66
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
4. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
Segment revenue and results
Segment results represent the earnings from each segment before interest, taxation, selling and marketing 
expenses and administrative expenses and exclude other income, gains and losses. The following is an analysis of 
the Group’s revenue and results by reportable segments.
Cleaning 
services 
business
Waste 
management 
and recycling 
business
Landscaping 
services 
business
Pest 
management 
business Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
For the year ended 
31 December 2025
Disaggregated by timing of revenue 
recognition
– over time 1,896,509 277,031 195,563 54,809 2,423,912
– point in time – 722 – – 722
Revenue from external customers 1,896,509 277,753 195,563 54,809 2,424,634
Inter-segment revenue 852 2,404 215 754 4,225
Reportable segment revenue 1,897,361 280,157 195,778 55,563 2,428,859
Segment results 144,508 41,927 37,215 6,945 230,595
Other income, gains and losses 23,689
Selling and marketing expenses (2,467)
Administrative expenses (132,445)
Finance costs (5,118)
Profit before taxation 114,254
Cleaning 
services 
business
Waste 
management 
and recycling 
business
Landscaping 
services 
business
Pest 
management 
business Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
For the year ended 
31 December 2024
Disaggregated by timing of revenue 
recognition
– over time 2,086,742 282,924 160,240 70,289 2,600,195
– point in time – 2,892 – – 2,892
Revenue from external customers 2,086,742 285,816 160,240 70,289 2,603,087
Inter-segment revenue 617 2,628 428 813 4,486
Reportable segment revenue 2,087,359 288,444 160,668 71,102 2,607,573
Segment results 126,662 33,479 24,899 3,325 188,365
Other income, gains and losses 9,583
Selling and marketing expenses (2,228)
Administrative expenses (119,323)
Finance costs (10,571)
Profit before taxation 65,826

=== PAGE 68 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
67
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
4. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
Segment assets and liabilities
Segment assets include all assets attributable to the activities of the individual segments, with the exception of 
intercompany receivables and other corporate assets. Segment liabilities include all liabilities attributable to the 
activities of the individual segments, with the exception of intercompany payables and corporate liabilities. The 
segment assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period by reportable segments are as follows:
Cleaning 
services 
business
Waste 
management 
and recycling 
business
Landscaping 
services 
business
Pest 
management 
business Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
As at 31 December 2025
Segment assets 683,731 171,966 90,457 41,941 988,095
Unallocated 11,337
Total assets 999,432
Segment liabilities 342,601 84,657 48,019 29,103 504,380
Unallocated 2,458
Total liabilities 506,838
Cleaning 
services 
business
Waste 
management 
and recycling 
business
Landscaping 
services 
business
Pest 
management 
business Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
As at 31 December 2024
Segment assets 725,880 158,915 79,772 34,001 998,568
Unallocated 12,986
Total assets 1,011,554
Segment liabilities 434,234 87,527 37,587 34,541 593,889
Unallocated 3,983
Total liabilities 597,872

=== PAGE 69 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
68
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
4. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
Other segment information
Cleaning 
services 
business
Waste 
management
and 
recycling
business
Landscaping
services 
business
Pest 
management
business Unallocated Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
For the year ended  
31 December 2025
Depreciation 49,761 15,790 4,043 2,417 751 72,762
Additions to non-current assets 34,201 19,897 3,369 77 59 57,603
Gain on disposal of property, plant  
and equipment (12,370) (1,848) (405) (340) – (14,963)
Cleaning 
services 
business
Waste 
management
and 
recycling
business
Landscaping
services 
business
Pest 
management
business Unallocated Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
For the year ended  
31 December 2024
Depreciation 59,388 20,664 3,783 2,503 816 87,154
Additions to non-current assets 26,236 20,024 4,727 320 1,481 52,788
(Gain)/loss on disposal of property, 
plant and equipment (270) 1,150 5 (171) 8 722
Geographical information
The following sets out information about the geographical region of the Group ’s revenue from external customers, 
which is based on the location to which the services and goods are delivered.
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Hong Kong 2,424,634 2,601,342
Southeast Asia – 1,745
2,424,634 2,603,087
All of the Group ’s non-current assets are either based in Hong Kong or related to the Group ’s operations in Hong 
Kong as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

=== PAGE 70 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
69
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
4. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
Information about major customers
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group ’s revenue of HK$1,314,551,000 (2024: HK$1,608,884,000) 
from various segments was derived from two customers (2024: two customers) each of whom has individually 
accounted for over 10% of the Group ’s total revenue, which is disclosed as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Customer A 1,061,195 1,307,145
Customer B 253,356 301,739
5. REVENUE
(a) Disaggregation of revenue
The principal activity of the Group is provision of environmental and related services and goods. 
Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major service lines is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Cleaning services business 1,896,509 2,086,742
Waste management and recycling business 277,031 282,924
Landscaping services business 195,563 160,240
Pest management business 54,809 70,289
Sales of recycling materials 722 2,892
2,424,634 2,603,087
Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue recognition and 
geographic information of revenue is disclosed in note 4.
(b) Revenue expected to be recognised in the future arising from contracts with customers in existence 
at the reporting date
The aggregated amounts of transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations under the 
Group’s existing contracts are as follows:
Cleaning 
services 
business
Waste 
management
and 
recycling
services
Landscaping
services 
Pest 
management
services Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
As at 31 December 2025
Expected to be recognised within one year 1,180,899 204,114 143,361 31,736 1,560,110
Expected to be recognised after one year 625,712 200,993 98,800 49,988 975,493
1,806,611 405,107 242,161 81,724 2,535,603

=== PAGE 71 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
70
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
5. REVENUE (Continued)
(b) Revenue expected to be recognised in the future arising from contracts with customers in existence 
at the reporting date (Continued)
Cleaning 
services 
business
Waste 
management
and 
recycling
services
Landscaping
services 
Pest 
management
services Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
As at 31 December 2024
Expected to be recognised within one year 1,884,507 218,651 137,460 47,996 2,288,614
Expected to be recognised after one year 1,266,220 217,392 114,886 358 1,598,856
3,150,727 436,043 252,346 48,354 3,887,470
The amounts represent revenue expected to be recognised in the future from the Group ’s service contracts 
for the respective services. The Group will recognise the expected revenue in future when services are 
rendered, which is expected to occur over the next 12 to 55 months (2024: next 12 to 58 months).
6. OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Change in fair value of investments in life insurance 1,078 138
Gain/(loss) on disposal of property, plant and equipment 14,963 (722)
Gain on disposal of right-of-use assets – 2,491
Government grants* 960 1,545
Income relating to right-of-use assets 3,686 3,686
Interest income 2,789 1,878
Others 213 567
Total 23,689 9,583
* During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group recognised the government grants as follows:
(i) Urban Forestry Support Fund of Development Bureau of the Government of HK$375,000 (2024: HK$241,000);
(ii) subsidies for phasing out certain diesel commercial vehicles by the Group of HK$275,000 (2024: HK$530,000);
(iii) Recycling Fund of the Government, which aims to support the sustainable development of the recycling industry, of 
HK$196,000 (2024: HK$554,000); and
(iv) other subsidies of HK$114,000 (2024: HK$220,000)
There were neither unfulfilled conditions nor other contingencies attached to the receipt of those grants. There is no 
assurance that the Group will continue to receive such grant in the future.

=== PAGE 72 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
71
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
7. FINANCE COSTS
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Interest on:
Bank borrowings and overdrafts 3,533 8,765
Lease liabilities 1,585 1,734
Others – 72
5,118 10,571
8. PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
Profit before taxation has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Auditors’ remuneration:
Audit services 1,703 1,680
Other services 390 –
Cost of consumable goods 64,668 69,638
Depreciation:
Owned property, plant and equipment 59,440 74,431
Right-of-use assets 13,322 12,723
Recognition of credit losses on trade receivables 193 683
Recognition of credit losses on other receivables 197 198
Staff costs (including directors’ remuneration):
Wages, salaries and other benefits 1,767,360 1,945,564
Defined benefit obligations 65,056 105,956
Provision for untaken paid leave 16,818 19,536
Contributions to defined contribution retirement scheme 50,484 55,756
1,899,718 2,126,812
Short-term lease payments not included in the measurement of lease 
liabilities:
Machinery, vessels and motor vehicles 73,663 66,186
Land and buildings 3,791 3,610
77,454 69,796

=== PAGE 73 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
72
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
9. INCOME TAX
(a) Income tax charged to profit or loss represents:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Current tax – Hong Kong Profits Tax
Provision for the year 20,007 14,330
Under-provision in respect of prior years 543 74
20,550 14,404
Current tax – Chinese Mainland
Enterprise Income Tax
Over-provision in respect of prior years – (4)
20,550 14,400
Deferred tax
Origination and reversal of temporary differences (note 30) (3,400) (5,033)
17,150 9,367
The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for 2025 is calculated at 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) of the estimated 
assessable profits for the year, except for one subsidiary of the Group which is a qualifying corporation 
under the two-tiered Profits Tax rate regime. For this subsidiary, the first HK$2 million of assessable profits 
are taxed at 8.25% and the remaining assessable profits are taxed at 16.5%. The provision for Hong Kong 
Profits Tax for this subsidiary was calculated at the same basis in 2024.
The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for 2025 has also taken into account a reduction granted by the 
Hong Kong SAR Government for the year of assessment 2024/25. The Group is eligible for the maximum 
reduction of HK$1,500 (2024: a maximum reduction of HK$3,000 was granted for the year of assessment 
2023/24 and was taken into account in calculating the provision for 2024) for each of the Hong Kong 
subsidiaries of the Group.
Taxation for subsidiaries outside Hong Kong is charged at the appropriate current rates of taxation ruling in 
the relevant jurisdictions.
(b) Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Profit before taxation 114,254 65,826
Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated at the rates  
applicable to profits in the tax jurisdictions concerned 18,650 10,666
Tax effect of non-taxable income (606) (717)
Tax effect of non-deductible expenses 1,142 1,714
Utilisation of tax losses not recognised in prior years (3,469) (2,657)
Tax effect of tax losses not recognised 1,245 2,131
Under-provision in respect of prior years in Hong Kong 543 74
Over-provision in respect of prior years in Chinese Mainland – (4)
Others (355) (1,840)
Income tax expense 17,150 9,367

=== PAGE 74 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
73
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
10. DIVIDENDS
(a) Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the year
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period of  
7.0 cents (2024: HK3.8 cents) per ordinary share 29,050 15,770
The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognised as a liability at the 
end of the reporting period.
(b) Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial year, 
approved and paid during the year
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year,  
was approved and paid during the year, of HK3.8 cents  
(2024: HK3.4 cents) per ordinary share 15,770 14,110
11. EARNINGS PER SHARE
(a) Basic earnings per share
The calculation of the basic earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2025 is based on the 
profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of the Company of HK$97,279,000 (2024: 
HK$53,856,000) and the weighted average number of 415,000,000 (2024: 415,000,000) ordinary shares in 
issue during the year.
(b) Diluted earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 are the same as the basic 
earnings per share as there were no potential dilutive ordinary shares in existence during the years 
presented.

=== PAGE 75 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
74
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
12. DIRECTORS ’ EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
Directors’ emoluments
Directors’ emoluments disclosed with reference to section 383(1) of the CO and Part 2 of the Companies 
(Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:
Directors’
fees
Salaries, 
allowances 
and other 
benefits
Discretionary
bonus
Retirement 
scheme 
contributions Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
For the year ended  
31 December 2025
Executive Directors:
Mr. Ng Wing Hong – 2,557 800 – 3,357
Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis 180 2,573 1,450 321 4,524
Ms. Leung Shuk Ping 180 1,568 850 18 2,616
Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Sin Ho Chiu 234 – – – 234
Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas 234 – – – 234
Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu 234 – – – 234
Mr. Chan Kin Kan (appointed with effect from 30 May 2025) 145 – – – 145
1,207 6,698 3,100 339 11,344
Directors’
fees
Salaries, 
allowances 
and other 
benefits
Discretionary
bonus
Retirement 
scheme 
contributions Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
For the year ended  
31 December 2024
Executive Directors:
Mr. Ng Wing Hong – 2,483 680 – 3,163
Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis 180 2,499 1,150 313 4,142
Ms. Leung Shuk Ping 180 1,514 680 18 2,392
Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Sin Ho Chiu 234 – – – 234
Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas 234 – – – 234
Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu 234 – – – 234
1,062 6,496 2,510 331 10,399

=== PAGE 76 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
75
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
12. DIRECTORS ’ EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS (Continued)
Five highest paid individuals
The five highest paid individuals in the Group during the year included three directors (2024: three) whose 
emoluments are disclosed above. The emoluments of the remaining two (2024: two) individuals are as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Wages, salaries and other benefit 4,001 4,193
Contributions to defined contribution retirement scheme 33 36
4,034 4,229
The emoluments were within the following band:
Number of individuals
2025 2024
HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000 1 1
HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000 1 1
During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors or 
the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of 
office. There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the 
years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

=== PAGE 77 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
76
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Land 
and 
buildings
Furniture
and 
fixtures
Equipment
and 
machinery
Motor 
vehicles
Leasehold 
improvements Vessels Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Cost
As at 1 January 2024 81,688 44,057 56,277 296,722 10,834 – 489,578
Additions – 3,349 4,589 21,987 410 – 30,335
Disposals – (490) (14,094) (12,500) (6,549) – (33,633)
Exchange adjustments – (7) – (8) – – (15)
As at 31 December 2024 and  
1 January 2025 81,688 46,909 46,772 306,201 4,695 – 486,265
Additions 19,501 2,894 5,393 12,031 302 6,237 46,358
Disposals – (2,106) (3,802) (76,709) (156) – (82,773)
Exchange adjustments – 9 – 7 – – 16
As at 31 December 2025 101,189 47,706 48,363 241,530 4,841 6,237 449,866
Accumulated depreciation and  
impairment losses
As at 1 January 2024 19,276 35,194 46,534 135,760 8,137 – 244,901
Charge for the year 2,662 4,933 6,678 58,835 1,323 – 74,431
Written back on disposals – (476) (13,866) (12,124) (5,164) – (31,630)
Exchange adjustments – (7) – (5) – – (12)
As at 31 December 2024 and  
1 January 2025 21,938 39,644 39,346 182,466 4,296 – 287,690
Charge for the year 2,960 4,524 6,153 44,810 473 520 59,440
Written back on disposals – (1,747) (3,753) (64,754) (156) – (70,410)
Exchange adjustments – 9 – 4 – – 13
As at 31 December 2025 24,898 42,430 41,746 162,526 4,613 520 276,733
Net book value  
As at 31 December 2025 76,291 5,276 6,617 79,004 228 5,717 173,133
As at 31 December 2024 59,750 7,265 7,426 123,735 399 – 198,575
The land and buildings are situated on land in Hong Kong held under medium term leases.
As at 31 December 2025, the land and buildings with carrying amount of HK$57,088,000 (2024: HK$59,750,000) 
were mortgaged for banking facilities granted to the Group.
Additions of property, plant and equipment were net of government grants of HK$1,050,000 (2024: Nil).

=== PAGE 78 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
77
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
14. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
Leasehold 
investment 
properties
Properties 
leased for 
own use Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
As at 1 January 2024 18,067 14,573 32,640
Additions – 17,806 17,806
Lease modification – (3,955) (3,955)
Depreciation charge for the year (1,211) (11,512) (12,723)
As at 31 December 2024 and  
1 January 2025 16,856 16,912 33,768
Additions – 10,489 10,489
Lease modification – (46) (46)
Depreciation charge for the year (1,211) (12,111) (13,322)
As at 31 December 2025 15,645 15,244 30,889
The analysis of income and expense items in relation to leases charged/(credited) to profit or loss is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Income relating to right-of-use assets (3,686) (3,686)
Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets 13,322 12,723
Interest on lease liabilities (note 7) 1,585 1,734
Short-term lease payments not included in the measurement of  
lease liabilities 77,454 69,796

=== PAGE 79 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
78
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
14. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
Details of total cash outflow for leases, the maturity analysis of lease liabilities and the future cash outflows arising 
from leases not recognised as lease liabilities at the end of the reporting period are set out in notes 23(b), 28 and 
36 respectively.
(a) Leasehold investment properties
The Group obtained the right to use a leasehold land from a government authority in Hong Kong through 
tenancy agreement with a term of 20 years. The leasehold land could only be used for the construction and 
operation of a plant (the “Plant”) for the recovery, recycling and reprocessing of waste plastic.
During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group entered into a subcontracting agreement with its 
associate, New Life Plastics Limited (“NLP”), pursuant to which, NLP was given the exclusive right to use the 
above leasehold land for the construction and operation of the Plant during the lease term of the land, and a 
monthly fee will be paid to the Group by NLP .
Accordingly, the leasehold land has been accounted for as investment property since the date when the 
subcontracting agreement was entered into.
The fair value of the leasehold land as at 31 December 2025 is HK$18,413,000 (2024: HK$19,401,000).
The undiscounted future payments receivable from NLP under the above-mentioned subcontracting 
agreement is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Within one year 4,330 4,330
After one year but within five years 17,319 17,319
After five years 34,252 38,582
Total 55,901 60,231
(b) Other properties leased for own use
The Group has obtained the right to use other properties as its offices, warehouses and nurseries through 
tenancy agreements. The leases typically run for an initial period of 2 to 5 years (2024: 2 to 5 years).

=== PAGE 80 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
79
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
15. INTEREST IN AN ASSOCIATE
Details of the Group’s interest in an associate, is as follows:
Proportion of ownership interest
Name of
the associate
Form of 
business 
structure
Place of 
incorporation/
operation
Particulars of 
issued and 
paid up capital
Group’ s 
effective 
interest
Held by
the 
Company
Held by
a subsidiary Principal activity
NLP Incorporated Hong Kong HK$30,000,000 33.33% – 33.33% Provision of plastic recycling 
services (Note)
Note: NLP is engaged in the business of operating the Plant at Lot T6 of EcoPark for the recovery, recycling and reprocessing 
(including, without limitation, by way of washing, crushing, grinding and flake production) of (a) polyethylene terephthalate 
(“PET”) and high density polyethylene ( “HDPE”) waste bottles; and (b) other PET and HDPE waste plastic which is from 
time to time capable of being recovered, recycled or reprocessed by the Plant (the “Specified Waste Plastics ”) in Hong 
Kong.
The interest in NLP is accounted for using the equity method in accordance with the accounting policy set out in 
note 2(e).

=== PAGE 81 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
80
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
15. INTEREST IN AN ASSOCIATE (Continued)
Summarised financial information of NLP and a reconciliation to the carrying amount in the consolidated financial 
statements are disclosed below:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Gross amounts of NLP’s
Current assets 7,898 10,444
Current liabilities (2,699) (2,962)
Non-current liabilities (467,850) (431,693)
Equity (462,651) (424,211)
Included in the above assets and liabilities:
Cash and cash equivalents 1,566 5,111
Current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other  
payables and provisions) (38) (39)
Non-current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other  
payables and provisions) (455,529) (419,841)
Revenue 19,805 13,622
Loss for the year (38,440) (279,970)
Total comprehensive income (38,440) (279,970)
Group’s share of losses of an associate (Note) – –
Included in the above loss:  
Interest expense 21,254 20,916
Reconciled to the Group’s interest in NLP
Gross amounts of NLP’s net liabilities (462,651) (424,211)
Group’s effective interest 33.33% 33.33%
Group’s share of NLP’s net assets and carrying amount of the  
Group’s interest (Note) – –
Note: The Group has discontinued the recognition of its share of losses of an associate because the share of losses of an 
associate exceeded the Group ’s interest in an associate and the Group has no obligation to take up further losses. 
The amounts of the Group ’s unrecognised share of losses of an associate for the current year and cumulatively were 
HK$12,813,000 (2024: HK$93,323,000) and HK$154,217,000 (2024: HK$141,404,000) respectively.

=== PAGE 82 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
81
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
16. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES
As at 31 December 2025, details of the Company ’s subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or 
liabilities of the Group set out below. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.
Name of subsidiary
Place of 
incorporation/
operation
Injected/
issued and paid
up capital
Proportion of the Company’s 
ownership interest
Principal
activities
2025 2024
Direct Indirect Direct Indirect
Baguio Cleaning Services 
Company Limited
Hong Kong HK$10,000,000 – 100% – 100% Provision of  
cleaning services
Baguio Green Technology 
Limited
Hong Kong HK$10,000 – 100% – 100% Development and exploration 
of green technology 
products
Baguio iRecycle Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 – 100% – 100% Provision of recycling services
Baguio Landscaping 
Services  
Limited
Hong Kong HK$2,000,000 – 100% – 100% Provision of landscaping 
services
Baguio Pest Management 
Limited
Hong Kong HK$200,000 – 100% – 100% Provision of pest management 
services
Baguio rPapers Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 – 100% – 100% Provision of paper recycling 
services
Baguio rPlastic Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 – 100% – 100% Provision of source, collect and 
sort waste plastics bottles
Baguio Waste  
Management &  
Recycling Limited
Hong Kong HK$10,000 – 100% – 100% Provision of waste 
management and recycling 
services
Batio Glass Recycling 
Limited
Hong Kong HK$1,000,000 – 100% – 100% Provision of glass recycling 
services
Eco cleaning Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 – 100% – 100% Provision of cleaning services
Modern Automobile 
Company Limited
Hong Kong HK$10,000 – 100% – 100% Provision of automobile repair 
services
Organic Tech Limited Hong Kong HK$2,000,100 – 60% – 60% Provision of bioconversion of 
organic waste services
Tak Tai Enviroscape  
Limited
Hong Kong HK$33,000,000 – 100% – 100% Provision of plant nursing, 
landscaping and related 
services
碧瑤綠色科技 （深圳） 
有限公司 #
Chinese Mainland RMB2,490,821 – 100% – 100% Development and exploration 
of environmental and 
recycling business
# Registered as a wholly-foreign owned enterprise in Chinese Mainland.

=== PAGE 83 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
82
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
17. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss
Investments in life insurance 16,259 15,181
Investments in life insurance represent investments in life insurance policies for the key management, executed 
in Hong Kong. There are no fixed maturity and no quoted market price for such investments. The return of the 
investments will be based on the guarantee minimum return rate.
The fair values are determined based on the surrender value of the life insurance policies at the end of each 
reporting period.
During the year ended 31 December 2025, a fair value gain of HK$1,078,000 (2024: HK$138,000) was 
recognised and credited to profit or loss.
18. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Prepayments 18,721 22,444
Deposits 10,020 7,915
Other receivables 22,324 22,623
51,065 52,982
Less: Non-current prepayments (5,648) (5,323)
Non-current deposits (2,777) (2,712)
Non-current receivable from an associate (19,982) (20,156)
Non-current portion (28,407) (28,191)
Current portion 22,658 24,791
Included in non-current portion of deposits as at 31 December 2025 are performance deposits of HK$1,153,000 
(2024: HK$1,088,000) and rental deposits of HK$1,624,000 (2024: HK$1,624,000), in respect of certain service 
contracts and rental contracts of the Group, which are recoverable at the end of the service contracts and rental 
contracts.
Non-current receivable includes a receivable from an associate represents the right to receive payment from the 
associate in respect of the reinstatement costs relating to the leasehold land from the government authority at the 
end of the lease term of the leasehold land under the subcontracting agreement with the an associate.
Included in other receivables as at 31 December 2025 is an amount due from an associate of HK$8,304,000 
(2024: HK$8,947,000) which is unsecured, interest free and expected to be recovered the majority portion after 
one year.
All of the remaining current portion of prepayments, deposits and other receivables are expected to be recovered 
or recognised as expense within one year.

=== PAGE 84 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
83
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
19. INVENTORIES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Consumable goods 2,250 2,347
20. CONTRACT ASSETS
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Arising from performance under waste management and recycling contracts 4,358 4,472
Arising from performance under landscaping contracts 5,235 3,293
9,593 7,765
The service fees under waste management and recycling contracts are received after the processed recycling 
materials has been delivered to the designated locations specified in the contracts. The landscaping contracts 
include payment schedules which require stage payments over the service periods once milestones are reached.
As at 31 December 2025, contract assets of HK$4,402,000 (2024: HK$2,507,000) are expected to be recovered 
after one year.

=== PAGE 85 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
84
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
21. TRADE RECEIVABLES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Trade receivables, net of loss allowance 454,337 554,451
The ageing analysis of trade receivables, based on the invoice date (or date of services render, if earlier) and net of 
loss allowance at the end of the reporting period, is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Within 60 days 336,770 427,502
Over 60 days but within 120 days 85,097 85,520
Over 120 days but within 365 days 32,375 40,973
Over 365 days 95 456
454,337 554,451
In general, for the contracts with some quasi-government organisations and The Government of the Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region, the Group has no specific credit terms in accordance with the tender terms. 
For other contracts, the Group normally allows a credit period ranging from 30 to 60 days depending on the 
customers’ creditworthiness and the length of business relationship.
As at 31 December 2025, included in the Group ’s trade receivables in respect of non-government organisations 
which were past due and net of loss allowance are balances totalling HK$29,794,000 (2024: HK$34,473,000) with 
the following ageing analysis:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Overdue by:
Within 60 days 21,228 22,008
Over 60 days but within 120 days 5,489 8,308
Over 120 days but within 365 days 2,916 3,713
Over 365 days 161 444
29,794 34,473
Further details on the Group ’s credit policy and credit risk arising from trade receivables are set out in note 34(b).
The Group ’s trade receivables of HK$79,463,000 (2024: HK$132,923,000) as at 31 December 2025 were 
pledged for certain banking facilities granted to the Group.
As at 31 December 2025, included in the trade receivables is an amount due from an associate of HK$13,000 
(2024: HK$185,000) which is unsecured, interest free and recoverable in accordance with payment terms as set 
out in the service agreement entered into with the an associate.

=== PAGE 86 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
85
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
22. PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
The amount represents deposits pledged to banks to secure bank borrowings.
23. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
Cash and cash equivalents comprise:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Cash and bank balances other than time deposits 55,115 38,054
Time deposits with maturity less than 3 months when placed 189,178 90,000
244,293 128,054
The carrying amount of cash and bank balances were denominated in the following currencies:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
HK$ 227,936 126,490
USD 15,678 –
RMB 679 1,564
244,293 128,054
As at 31 December 2025, the balances that were placed with banks or on hand in Chinese Mainland and included 
in the cash and bank balances amounted to HK$641,000 (2024: HK$1,529,000). Remittance of funds out of 
Chinese Mainland is subject to relevant rules and regulations of foreign exchange control.
The Group ’s cash and cash equivalents of HK$31,000 (2024: HK$2,393,000) as at 31 December 2025 were 
pledged for certain banking facilities granted to the Group.
(a) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
The table below details changes in the Group ’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and 
non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or 
future cash flows will be, classified in the Group ’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from 
financing activities.

=== PAGE 87 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
86
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
23. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
(a) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)
Payable to a 
non-controlling 
shareholder
Bank 
borrowings
Lease 
liabilities Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
(note 27) (note 28)
As at 1 January 2024 4,695 182,664 36,621 223,980
Changes from financing cash flows:
Proceeds from new bank borrowings – 1,728,273 – 1,728,273
Repayments of bank borrowings – (1,830,127) – (1,830,127)
Interest paid for bank borrowings and overdrafts – (8,765) – (8,765)
Capital element of lease rentals paid – – (12,384) (12,384)
Interest element of lease rentals paid – – (1,734) (1,734)
Repayment of loan from a non-controlling 
shareholder (4,695) – – (4,695)
Other interest paid (72) – – (72)
Total changes from financing cash flows (4,767) (110,619) (14,118) (129,504)
Other changes:
Increase in lease liabilities from entering 
into new leases – – 17,806 17,806
Lease modification – – (3,955) (3,955)
Interest expenses (note 7) 72 8,765 1,734 10,571
Total other changes 72 8,765 15,585 24,422
As at 31 December 2024 and  
1 January 2025 – 80,810 38,088 118,898
Changes from financing cash flows:
Proceeds from new bank borrowings – 1,052,155 – 1,052,155
Repayments of bank borrowings – (1,082,266) – (1,082,266)
Interest paid for bank borrowings – (3,533) – (3,533)
Capital element of lease rentals paid – – (13,252) (13,252)
Interest element of lease rentals paid – – (1,585) (1,585)
Total changes from financing cash flows – (33,644) (14,837) (48,481)
Other changes:
Increase in lease liabilities from entering 
into new leases – – 10,489 10,489
Lease modification – – (46) (46)
Interest expenses (note 7) – 3,533 1,585 5,118
Total other changes – 3,533 12,028 15,561
As at 31 December 2025 – 50,699 35,279 85,978

=== PAGE 88 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
87
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
23. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
(b) Total cash outflow for leases
Amounts included in the consolidated statement of cash flows for leases comprise the following:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Within operating cash flows 77,454 69,796
Within financing cash flows 14,837 14,118
92,291 83,914
These amounts of HK$92,291,000 (2024: HK$83,914,000) relate to lease rentals paid.
24. TRADE PAYABLES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Trade payables 43,312 42,279
The ageing analysis of trade payables, based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period, is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Within 30 days 24,124 24,523
Over 30 days but within 60 days 6,182 4,495
Over 60 days but within 90 days 1,587 1,700
Over 90 days 11,419 11,561
43,312 42,279
The credit period on purchases of certain goods and services is generally within 30 to 60 days.
25. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Billings in advance of performance under recycling contracts 2,138 4,002
The Group receives advances from customers when they enter into the service agreements. These advances are 
recognised as contract liabilities until performance obligations of the relevant services are completed.

=== PAGE 89 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
88
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
25. CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
Movements in contract liabilities
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Balance as at 1 January 4,002 3,629
Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billing in advance of 
recycling activities 3,463 7,414
Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue 
during the year (5,327) (7,041)
Balance as at 31 December 2,138 4,002
As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the billings in advance of performance expected to be recognised as income 
within one year.
26. ACCRUALS, DEPOSITS RECEIVED AND OTHER PAYABLES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Accruals of wages, salaries and other benefits 184,958 228,573
Defined benefit obligations (note 35) 125,376 146,508
Deposits received 1,791 579
Other accrued expenses and payables 30,390 25,814
342,515 401,474
Less: Non-current other payables – (324)
342,515 401,150
Non-current other payables are unsecured, interest free and repayable after one year.
All of the remaining accruals, deposits received and other payables are expected to be settled or recognised as 
income within one year or repayable on demand.

=== PAGE 90 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
89
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
27. BANK BORROWINGS
The analysis of the carrying amount of the bank borrowings at the end of the reporting period is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Current liabilities
Current portion of term loans from banks 27,081 29,982
Non-current portion of term loans from banks with repayable  
on demand clause 23,618 50,828
50,699 80,810
At the end of the reporting period all bank borrowings were secured.
The secured bank loans of the Group as at 31 December 2025 were secured by:
(i) bank deposits of HK$7,449,000 (2024: HK$7,338,000);
(ii) cash and cash equivalents of HK$31,000 (2024: HK$2,393,000);
(iii) land and buildings of HK$57,088,000 (2024: HK$59,750,000); and
(iv) trade receivables of HK$79,463,000 (2024: HK$132,923,000).
As at 31 December 2025, the bank borrowings of the Group of HK$50,699,000 (2024: HK$80,810,000) bear 
interest ranging from 2.75% to 5.85% (2024: 2.75% to 7.09%) per annum and are denominated in Hong Kong 
Dollar.
As at 31 December 2025, banking facilities granted for bank borrowings of HK$367,866,000 (2024: 
HK$322,057,000) are subject to the fulfilment of covenants relating to certain of the Group ’s financial ratios. If 
the Group were to breach the covenants, the drawn down facilities would become payable on demand. As at 31 
December 2025, such facilities were utilised to the extent of HK$36,866,000 (2024: HK$21,094,000). The Group 
regularly monitors its compliance with these covenants. As at 31 December 2025, none of the covenants relating 
to the drawn down facilities had been breached (2024: Nil). Further details of the Group ’s management of liquidity 
risk are set out in note 34(b).

=== PAGE 91 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
90
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
28. LEASE LIABILITIES
The remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities at the end of the reporting period are as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Minimum lease payments
– within one year 12,173 13,385 
– after one year but within five years 13,789 14,399
– after five years 15,245 17,174 
29,034 31,573 
41,207 44,958
Less: Future interest expenses (5,928) (6,870)
Present value of lease liabilities 35,279 38,088 
Present value of minimum lease payments
– within one year 10,959 11,950
– after one year but within five years 11,151 11,575
– after five years 13,169 14,563
24,320 26,138
35,279 38,088
29. PROVISION
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Provision for reinstatement costs of leasehold land
Balance as at 1 January 11,852 14,802
Additional/(reversal) provision made 469 (2,491)
Provision utilised – (459)
Balance as at 31 December 12,321 11,852
Under the tenancy agreement of the leasehold land with the government authority, the Group has a contractual 
obligation to hand back the leasehold land in its original condition. Therefore, the Group recognises a provision 
for these reinstatement costs, based on the best estimate of the expected reinstatement costs in respect of the 
modifications made to the leasehold land. The expected timing of utilising the provision is either when the Group 
terminates the tenancy agreement or when the tenancy agreement expires.
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had recognised the receivable of HK$12,321,000 (2024: HK$11,852,000) 
for the right to receive payment from the associate in respect of the reinstatement costs, which is disclosed in note 
18.

=== PAGE 92 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
91
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
30. DEFERRED TAXATION
The components of deferred tax (assets)/liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position 
and the movements during the year are as follows:
Accelerated
tax 
depreciation Tax losses Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
As at 1 January 2024 21,906 (2,457) 19,449
Charged/(credited) to profit or loss (note 9) (5,392) 359 (5,033)
As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 16,514 (2,098) 14,416
Charged/(credited) to profit or loss (note 9) (3,534) 134 (3,400)
As at 31 December 2025 12,980 (1,964) 11,016
Reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Net deferred tax assets recognised (1,964) (2,098)
Net deferred tax liabilities recognised 12,980 16,514
11,016 14,416
Deferred tax assets not recognised
As at 31 December 2025, the Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of the estimated unused 
tax losses of HK$56,043,000 (2024: HK$69,523,000) as it is not probable that future taxable profits against which 
the losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdictions and entity. Included in unrecognised tax 
losses are loss of HK$1,483,000 (2024: HK$814,000) which will expire at various dates up to 2030 (2024: up to 
2029). Other losses do not expire under current tax legislation.

=== PAGE 93 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
92
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
31. SHARE CAPITAL
Number Nominal
of shares value
’000 HK$’000
Authorised:
Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each
As at 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024, 1 January 2025 and 
31 December 2025 1,000,000 10,000
Issued and fully paid:
Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each
As at 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024, 1 January 2025 and 
31 December 2025 415,000 4,150
The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to 
one vote per share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the Company ’s 
residual assets.
32. RESERVES
Movements in components of equity
The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group ’s consolidated 
equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in the Company ’s 
individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out in note 41 to the 
financial statements.
Nature and purpose of reserves
(i) Share premium
The application of the share premium account is governed by the Company Law of Cayman Islands.
(ii) Share option reserve
This reserve represents the grant date fair value of unexercised share options granted to eligible persons, 
including any full-time and part-time employee, director, consultant or advisor of the Group that was 
recognised in accordance with the accounting policy in note 2(i)(iii).
(iii) Other reserve
Other reserve represents the difference between the nominal value of the shares issued by the Company in 
exchange for the nominal value of the share capital of its subsidiary arising from the reorganisation in prior 
years.
(iv) Translation reserve
The translation reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial 
statements of operations outside Hong Kong. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting 
policies set out in note 2(s).

=== PAGE 94 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
93
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
33. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
The Group ’s primary objective when managing capital is to safeguard the Group ’s ability to continue as a 
going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders of the Group and benefits for other 
stakeholders, by pricing products and services commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access to 
finance at a reasonable cost.
The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maximise the returns to maintain a 
balance between the higher shareholder returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the 
advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the capital structure in 
light of changes in economic conditions. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust 
the dividend payments to shareholders, issue new shares or obtain new bank borrowings. Neither the Group nor 
any of its subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements, except for banking facilities which 
require the fulfillment of covenants relating to certain of the Group ’s financial ratio as disclosed in note 27 to the 
financial statements.
The capital structure of the Group mainly consists of debts, which include bank borrowings and lease liabilities, 
and equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company, comprising issued share capital and reserves 
respectively. The Group considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital to monitor 
its capital structure on the basis of a gearing ratio. This ratio is expressed by as a percentage of total borrowings 
over the total equity. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged during the year.
The gearing ratio as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Total borrowings (Note) 85,978 118,898
Total equity 492,594 413,682
Gearing ratio 17% 29%
Note: Total borrowings included bank borrowings and lease liabilities as disclosed in notes 27 and 28 respectively.

=== PAGE 95 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
94
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(a) Categories of financial instruments
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Financial assets
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 16,259 15,181
Amortised cost
– Trade receivables 454,337 554,451
– Deposits 10,020 7,915
– Other receivables 10,003 10,771
– Pledged bank deposits 7,449 7,338
– Cash and cash equivalents 244,293 128,054
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Financial liabilities
Amortised cost
– Trade payables 43,312 42,279
– Accruals, deposits received and other payables 217,139 254,966
– Bank borrowings 50,699 80,810
– Lease liabilities 35,279 38,088
(b) Financial risk management
Exposure to market risk (including foreign currency risk and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk 
arises in the normal course of the Group ’s business. The Group ’s exposure to these risks and the financial 
risk management policies and practices used by the Group to manage these risks are described below.
Market risk
(i) Foreign currency risk
The Group has minimal exposures to foreign currency risk as most of its business transactions, assets 
and liabilities are principally denominated in Hong Kong Dollar. The Group currently does not have a 
foreign currency hedging policy in respect of foreign currency transactions, assets and liabilities. The 
Group will monitor its foreign currency exposure closely and will consider hedging significant foreign 
currency exposure should the need arise.

=== PAGE 96 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
95
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(b) Financial risk management (Continued)
Market risk (Continued)
(ii) Interest rate risk
The Group’s cash flow interest rate risk relates primarily to the Group ’s pledged bank deposits, lease 
liabilities and bank borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates and at fixed rates expose the 
Group to cash flow interest rate risk and fair value interest rate risk respectively. The Group does not 
use financial derivatives to hedge against the interest rate risk. The Group ’s interest rate profile as 
monitored by management is set out below.
The following table details the interest rate profile of the Group ’s net borrowings (being interest-bearing 
financial liabilities less pledged bank deposits) at the end of the reporting period.
2025 2024
Effective Amount Effective Amount
interest rate HK$’000 interest rate HK$’000
Net fixed rate borrowings
Lease liabilities 3.85%-6.34% 35,279 3.85%-6.34% 38,088
Less: Pledged bank deposits 0.15%-1.25% (7,449) 0.43%-3.25% (7,338)
27,830 30,750
Variable rate borrowings
Bank borrowings 2.75%-5.85% 50,699 2.75%-7.09% 80,810
Total net borrowings 78,529 111,560
Sensitivity analysis
As at 31 December 2025, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 50 basis point in interest 
rate, with all other variables were held constant, would have decreased/increased the Group ’s profit 
after taxation and retained earnings by approximately HK$212,000 (2024: HK$337,000).
The sensitivity analysis above indicates the annualised impact on the Group ’s profit after taxation and 
retained earnings that would arise assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end 
of the reporting period and had been applied to floating rates instruments which expose the Group 
to cash flow interest rate risk at that date. The analysis does not take into account exposure to fair 
value interest rate risk arising from fixed rate instruments as the Group does not hold any fixed rate 
instruments which are measured at fair value in the financial statements. The analysis is performed on 
the same basis for 2024.

=== PAGE 97 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
96
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(b) Financial risk management (Continued)
Credit risk
At the end of each reporting period, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a financial 
loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties arises from the carrying 
amount of the respective recognised financial assets in the consolidated statement of financial position.
The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to contract assets, trade receivables, prepayments, deposits 
and other receivables. In order to minimise the credit risk, management has a credit policy in place and the 
exposures to these credit risks are monitored on an ongoing basis and follow-up action is taken to recover 
overdue debts. In addition, management reviews the recoverable amount of each individual debt at the end 
of each reporting period to ensure that adequate credit losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. In this 
regard, the directors consider that the Group ’s credit risk is adequately managed and mitigated.
The Group had certain concentration of credit risk as 27% (2024: 40%) and 65% (2024: 74%) of the Group ’s 
contract assets and trade receivables were due from the largest customer and the five largest customers 
respectively as at 31 December 2025. The Group ’s credit risk exposure is limited as the Group trades only 
with customers with an appropriate credit history and good reputation. The management monitored the 
financial background and creditability of those debtors on an ongoing basis.
For contract assets and trade receivables due from quasi-government organisations and The Government of 
the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, there was no history of default and the Group considers the 
credit risk for such assets to be insignificant.
For the remaining trade receivables due from non-government organisations, the Group measures loss 
allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs. The ECLs as at 31 December 
2025 are based on the expected loss rates determined with reference to the historical actual loss on the 
trade receivables for each business segment. Expected loss rates ranging from 0.01% to 4.16% (2024: 
0.01% to 3.13%) were applied to such trade receivables for cleaning services, landscaping services and 
waste management and recycling businesses. As there was no history of default from customers for pest 
management businesses, the Group considers the credit risk of such customers to be insignificant and no 
loss allowance was recognised as at 31 December 2025 (2024: Nil).
Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past 5 (2024: 5) years for each business 
segment. These rates are adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period 
over which the historic data has been collected, current conditions and the Group ’s view of economic 
conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.
Movements in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables during the year are as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Balance as at 1 January 1,093 422
Amounts written off (43) (12)
Recognition of credit losses 193 683
Balance as at 31 December 1,243 1,093

=== PAGE 98 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
97
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(b) Financial risk management (Continued)
Liquidity risk
The Group has to maintain a suitable level of liquidity to finance the daily operation, capital expenditure 
and repayment of borrowings. The Group ’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity 
requirements and its compliance with lending covenants to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves 
of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial institutions to meet its liquidity 
requirements in the short and longer term.
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had unutilised banking facilities granted for bank borrowings of 
HK$466,000,000 (2024: HK$434,478,000).
The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the 
Group’s financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest 
payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting 
period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay.
For loans subject to repayment on demand clauses which can be exercised at the bank ’s sole discretion, the 
analysis shows the cash outflow based on the contractual repayment schedule and, separately, the impact 
to the timing of the cash outflows of the lenders were to invoke unconditional rights to call the loans with 
immediate effect.
Contractual undiscounted cash flow  
Within 
1 year or 
on demand
After 
1 year but
within
5 years
After 
5 years Total 
Carrying 
amount
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
As at 31 December 2025
Trade payables 43,312 – – 43,312 43,312
Accruals, deposits received 
and other payables 217,139 – – 217,139 217,139
Bank borrowings 28,635 22,191 2,421 53,247 50,699
Lease liabilities 12,173 13,789 15,245 41,207 35,279
301,259 35,980 17,666 354,905 346,429
Adjustments to present 
cash flows on bank 
borrowings based on 
lender’s right to demand 
repayment 22,064 (22,191) (2,421) (2,548)
323,323 13,789 15,245 352,357

=== PAGE 99 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
98
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(b) Financial risk management (Continued)
Liquidity risk (Continued)
Contractual undiscounted cash flow  
Within 
1 year or 
on demand
After 
1 year but
within
5 years
After 
5 years Total 
Carrying 
amount
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
As at 31 December 2024
Trade payables 42,279 – – 42,279 42,279
Accruals, deposits received 
and other payables 254,642 324 – 254,966 254,966
Bank borrowings 33,673 50,730 3,306 87,709 80,810
Lease liabilities 13,385 14,399 17,174 44,958 38,088
343,979 65,453 20,480 429,912 416,143
Adjustments to present 
cash flows on bank 
borrowings based on 
lender’s right to demand 
repayment 47,137 (50,730) (3,306) (6,899)
391,116 14,723 17,174 423,013

=== PAGE 100 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
99
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(c) Fair value measurement
(i) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
Fair value hierarchy
The following table presents the fair value of the Group ’s financial instruments measured at the end of 
the reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined 
in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement . The level into which a fair value measurement is classified 
is determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation 
technique as follows:
Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs, i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in 
active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date
Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs, i.e. observable inputs which fail to 
meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable 
inputs are inputs for which market data are not available
Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs
The Group ’s finance team assesses the valuations for the investments in life insurance which is 
categorised into Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Consultation with the insurance company is carried 
out when appropriate in respect of the valuation assessment. The Group prepares analysis of changes 
in fair value measurement at each interim and annual reporting date, which is reviewed and approved 
by the Board of Directors. Discussion of the valuation process and results with the Board of Directors 
is held twice a year, to coincide with the reporting dates.
As at 31 December 2025
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss
Investments in life insurance – – 16,259 16,259
As at 31 December 2024
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss
Investments in life insurance – – 15,181 15,181
During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there were no transfers between Level 1 and 
Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3. The Group ’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels 
of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.

=== PAGE 101 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
100
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(c) Fair value measurement (Continued)
(i) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)
Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Investments in life insurance
Balance as at 1 January 15,181 15,043
Gains recognised in profit or loss 1,078 138
Balance as at 31 December 16,259 15,181
(ii) Fair values of financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value
The carrying amounts of the Group ’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost were not 
materially different from their fair values as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.
35. POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS
Defined contribution retirement scheme
The Group operates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme ( “MPF Scheme ”) for all its qualifying employees in 
Hong Kong under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held 
separately from those of the Group in funds under the control of trustees. Under the MPF Scheme, the employer 
and its employees are each required to make contributions to the scheme at 5% of the employees ’ relevant 
income, subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of HK$30,000. Contributions to the scheme vest immediately. 
The only obligation of the Group with respect of MPF Scheme is to make the required contributions under the MPF 
Scheme. No forfeited contribution is available to reduce the contribution payable in the future years.
The total expenses recognised in profit or loss included contributions to defined contribution retirement scheme for 
the Group of HK$50,484,000 (2024: HK$55,756,000) for the year ended 31 December 2025.
Defined benefit obligations
The Group’s defined benefit obligations comprise gratuity payments, severance payments ( “SP”) and long service 
payments (“LSP”). 
Gratuity payments
Certain employees of the Group are entitled to gratuity payments calculated as a percentage of the employees ’ 
remuneration as stipulated in the Group ’s service contracts with the Government of the Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region when the employees completed required service periods, which generally range from one 
to three years.  The gratuity payments are made when the relevant service contracts are expired.  The gratuity 
payments could offset the relevant employees ’ SP and LSP payable. 
SP and LSP
Hong Kong employees that have been employed continuously for at least two years and are dismissed by 
reason of redundancy are entitled to SP in accordance with the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance under certain 
circumstances. The Hong Kong employees are instead entitled to LSP if they have been employed for more than 
five years. The amount of SP and LSP payable is determined with reference to the employee ’s final salary (capped 
at HK$22,500) and the years of service, reduced by the amount of any accrued benefits derived from the Group ’s 
contributions to MPF scheme, with an overall cap of HK$390,000 per employee. Currently, the Group does not 
have any separate funding arrangement in place to meet its SP and LSP obligations.
Starting from 1 May 2025, the Hong Kong Employment and Retirement Schemes Legislation (Offsetting 
Arrangement) (Amendment) Ordinance 2022 (the “2022 Amendment Ordinance ”) came into effect, which 
abolishes the statutory right of an employer to reduce its LSP payable to a Hong Kong employee by drawing on 
its mandatory contributions to the MPF scheme. Separately, a 25-year scheme to provide a subsidy ( “Subsidy”) for 
employers’ costs in relation to the post-transition portion of the LSP has been implemented with effect on 1 May 
2025.

=== PAGE 102 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
101
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
35. POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (Continued)
Defined benefit obligations (Continued)
SP and LSP (Continued)
Among other things, once the abolition of the offsetting mechanism takes effect, an employer can no longer use 
any of the accrued benefits derived from its mandatory MPF contributions (irrespective of the contributions made 
before, on or after the Transition Date) to reduce the LSP and SP in respect of an employee ’s service from the 
Transition Date. However, where an employee’s employment commenced before the Transition Date, the employer 
can continue to use the above accrued benefits to reduce the LSP and SP in respect of the employee ’s service 
up to that date; in addition, the LSP and SP in respect of the service before the Transition Date will be calculated 
based on the employee’s monthly salary immediately before the Transition Date and the years of service up to that 
date.
The Group has accounted for the offsetting mechanism and its abolition as disclosed in note 2(i)(ii) and the 
Subsidy as government grants in accordance with note 2(f).
The Group has determined that the 2022 Amendment Ordinance primarily impacts the Group ’s SP and LSP 
liability with respect to Hong Kong employees. The Group was entitled to Subsidy amounted HK$8,000 during the 
year ended 31 December 2025.
The defined benefit obligations were valued by Valtech Valuation Advisory Limited, an independent valuer with its 
core valuation programme reviewed by a qualified actuary, using the projected unit credit method.
The present value of unfunded obligations and its movements are as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
At 1 January: 146,508 79,910
Benefits paid (87,714) (37,671)
Remeasurements recognised in other comprehensive income:
Actuarial losses/(gains) arising from changes in financial assumptions 1,526 (1,687)
Expenses recognised in profit or loss:
Service cost 62,745 103,037
Interest cost 2,311 2,919
65,056 105,956
At 31 December 125,376 146,508
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligations is 2.5 years (2024: 2.6 years).

=== PAGE 103 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
102
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
35. POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (Continued)
Defined benefit obligations (Continued)
The above expenses are recognised in the following line items in the consolidated statement of profit or loss:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Cost of services 64,301 105,672
Administrative expenses 755 284
65,056 105,956
Significant actuarial assumptions (expressed as weighted averages) and sensitivity analysis are as follows:
2025 2024
Discount rate 3.0% 3.7%
Staff turnover rate 25.6% 26.2%
The below analysis shows how the defined benefit obligations would have increased/decreased as a result of 
change in the significant actuarial assumptions as follow:
Changes in
assumptions
Increase in
assumption
Decrease in
assumption
2025 2025
HK$’000 HK$’000
Discount rate 0.5% (1,024) 1,062
Staff turnover rate 5% (798) 2,843
The above sensitivity analysis is based on the assumption that changes in actuarial assumptions are not correlated 
and therefore it does not take into account the correlations between the actuarial assumptions.
36. LEASE COMMITMENT
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable leases 
payable not included in the lease liabilities as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Within one year 1,451 1,399

=== PAGE 104 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
103
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
37. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Save as disclosed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group entered into the following material related 
party transactions:
(a) Compensation paid to key management personnel of the Group as detailed in note 12.
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Short term employee benefits 11,005 10,068
Retirement scheme contributions 339 331
11,344 10,399
(b) Transactions with an associate
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Income relating to right-of-use assets 3,686 3,686
Interest income 197 198
Sourcing, collection and sorting waste plastics services income 414 1,015
(c) Transactions with related parties 
Nature of related
party relationship
Nature
of transaction
Interested
director 2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
(i) Common director and  
shareholder
Information technology 
service fee
Mr. Ng Wing Hong 2,076 3,199
(ii) The company owned by  
close family member of  
a director and shareholder
Purchase of cleaning 
equipment and materials
Mr. Ng Wing Hong 1,780 1,022
(iii) Common director and  
shareholder
IT maintenance and other 
services
Mr. Ng Wing Hong 1,214 –
(iv) The company owned by  
close family member of  
a director and shareholder
Rental expenses and other 
services fee
Mr. Ng Wing Hong 347 381
Sale of materials 886 348
(v) The charitable company limited by 
guarantee controlled by close family  
member of a director and shareholder
Donation Mr. Ng Wing Hong 700 –
(d) Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions
The related party transactions in respect of information technology service fee as disclosed in note 37(c)
(i) above constitute continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The 
disclosures defined by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are provided in section “Connected Transactions” in 
the Directors’ Report.
In addition, the other related party transactions as disclosed in note 37(c)(ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) above constitute 
continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules but are exempt from the 
disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, as they fall under the de minimis transaction 
category pursuant to Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules.

=== PAGE 105 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
104
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
38. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS OUTSTANDING NOT PROVIDED FOR IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Capital expenditure in respect of the additions of property, plant and 
equipment
– Contracted for within one year 5,707 7,290
39. CONTINGENT LIABILITY
As at 31 December 2025, performance bonds of approximately HK$360,097,000 (2024: HK$454,992,000) 
were given by banks in favor of the Group ’s customers as security for the due performance and observance 
of the Group ’s obligation under the contracts entered between the Group and their customers. If the Group 
fails to provide satisfactory performance to their customers to whom performance bonds have been given, 
such customers may demand the banks to pay them the sum or sums stipulated in such demand. The Group 
will then become liable to compensate such banks accordingly. The performance bonds will be released upon 
completion of the contract work. As at 31 December 2025, the Group had unutilised banking facilities granted for 
performance bonds of approximately HK$409,903,000 (2024: HK$235,008,000).
At the end of the reporting period, the directors do not consider it is probable that such claim will be made against 
the Group.

=== PAGE 106 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
105
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Non-current assets
Investments in subsidiaries 1,283 1,283
Intangible assets 8,200 8,200
9,483 9,483
Current assets
Prepayments and other receivables 243 246
Amounts due from subsidiaries 174,596 184,645
Cash and cash equivalents 279 169
175,118 185,060
Current liabilities
Accruals and other payables 79 79
Amounts due to subsidiaries 79,335 88,994
79,414 89,073
Net current assets 95,704 95,987
Net assets 105,187 105,470
Capital and reserves
Share capital 4,150 4,150
Reserves 101,037 101,320
Total equity 105,187 105,470
Approved by the Board of Directors on 24 March 2026 and signed on its behalf by:
Ng Wing Hong Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis
Director Director

=== PAGE 107 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
106
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
41. CHANGES IN EQUITY OF THE COMPANY
Share 
capital
Share 
premium
Share 
option 
reserve
Retained 
earning Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
As at 1 January 2024 4,150 100,850 1,165 183 106,348
Profit and total comprehensive income for 
the year – – – 13,232 13,232
Dividend approved in respect of the previous 
year (note 10(b)) – – – (14,110) (14,110)
Share options lapsed – – (1,165) 1,165 –
As at 31 December 2024 and  
1 January 2025 4,150 100,850 – 470 105,470
Profit and total comprehensive income for 
the year – – – 15,487 15,487
Dividend approved in respect of the previous 
year (note 10(b)) – – – (15,770) (15,770)
As at 31 December 2025 4,150 100,850 – 187 105,187
As at 31 December 2025, the aggregate amount of reserves available for distribution to equity shareholders of the 
Company amounted to HK$101,037,000 (2024: HK$101,320,000).
42. IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY
As at 31 December 2025, the directors consider the immediate parent and ultimate controlling company of the 
Group to be Baguio Green (Holding) Limited, which is incorporated in the BVI. Baguio Green (Holding) Limited 
does not produce financial statements available for public use and is controlled by Mr. Ng Wing Hong, a director of 
the Company.

=== PAGE 108 ===
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)
107
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
43. POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT 
NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of new or amended 
standards, which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2025 and which have not been adopted in 
these financial statements. These developments include the following which may be relevant to the Group.
Effective for 
accounting periods 
beginning on or after
Amendments to HKFRS 9, Financial instruments and HKFRS 7, Financial instruments: 
disclosures. Amendments to the classification and measurement of financial 
instruments 1 January 2026
Annual improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11 1 January 2026
HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements 1 January 2027
HKFRS 19, Subsidiaries without public accountability: Disclosures 1 January 2027
The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected 
to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a 
significant impact on the financial statements except for the following:
HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements
HKFRS 18 will replace HKAS 1 Presentation of financial statements and aims to improve the transparency and 
comparability of information about an entity ’s financial statements. HKFRS 18 is effective for annual reporting 
periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027 and is to be applied retrospectively.
Among other changes, under HKFRS 18, entities are required to classify all income and expenses into five 
categories in the statement of profit or loss, namely the operating, investing, financing, income taxes and 
discontinued operations categories. Entities are also required to provide specific disclosures about management-
defined performance measures in a single note in the financial statements.
The Group does not plan to early adopt HKFRS 18 and is still in the process of assessing the impact of the 
adoption.
44. APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 
24 March 2026.

=== PAGE 109 ===
FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
 
108
Baguio Green Group Limited
Annual Report 2025
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Results
Revenue 2,424,634 2,603,087 2,327,489 1,793,121 1,273,809
Profit before taxation 114,254 65,826 62,552 65,158 21,726
Income tax expense (17,150) (9,367) (14,424) (13,753) (8,882)
Profit for the year 97,104 56,459 48,128 51,405 12,844
Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company 97,279 53,856 47,111 53,709 12,847
Non-controlling interests (175) 2,603 1,017 (2,304) (3)
Profit for the year 97,104 56,459 48,128 51,405 12,844
As at 31 December
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Assets and liabilities
Total assets 999,432 1,011,554 1,011,393 896,168 660,943
Total liabilities (506,838) (597,872) (641,692) (560,057) (374,362)
492,594 413,682 369,701 336,111 286,581
Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company 491,656 411,569 370,191 337,618 286,584
Non-controlling interests 938 2,113 (490) (1,507) (3)
Total equity 492,594 413,682 369,701 336,111 286,581

=== PAGE 110 ===
Annual Report
2025
年報
中期報告 2025 Interim Report
年報 2025 Annual Report