ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                        CONTENTS
                      Corporate Information                                                        2

                      Directors’ and Senior Management’s Profile                                   3

                      Financial Highlights                                                         9

                      Chairman’s Statement                                                       12

                      Management Discussion and Analysis                                         16

                      Report of the Directors                                                    18

                      Corporate Governance Report                                                34

                      Environmental, Social and Governance Report                                55

                      Independent Auditor’s Report                                             129

                      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss                                 134

                      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and                             135
                          Other Comprehensive Income

                      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                             136

                      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                              138

                      Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                                         139

                      Notes to the Financial Statements                                        141

                      Five Years’ Financial Summary                                            212

                      Group Properties                                                         214




Forward-looking Statements
This Annual Report contains certain statements that are forward-looking or which use certain forward-looking terminologies.
These forward-looking statements are based on the current beliefs, assumptions and expectations of the Board of Directors
of the Company regarding the industry and markets in which it operates. These forward-looking statements are subject to
risks, uncertainties and other factors beyond the Company’s control which may cause actual results or performance to differ
materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements.
    CORPORATE INFORMATION



    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                COMPANY SECRETARY

    Executive Directors                                               Mr. Chow Tung Ming

    Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin (Chairman)                                  AUDITOR
    Mr. Li Ning
    Mr. Lee Gabriel                                               KPMG
                                                                  Certified Public Accountants
    Non-executive Directors                                       Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance
                                                                    with the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council
    Mr. Au Siu Kee, Alexander                                       Ordinance
    Mr. Lau Yum Chuen, Eddie (retired on 30 May 2025)

                                                                      PRINCIPAL BANKERS
    Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                                      Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
    Mr. Ho Hau Chong, Norman
                                                                      Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. Hong Kong Branch
    Ms. Wong Yu Pok, Marina
                                                                      Hang Seng Bank Limited
    Mr. Wu King Cheong
                                                                      The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
    Mr. Chan Wai Yan, Ronald
                                                                      Mizuho Bank, Limited

    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                                   REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. Ho Hau Chong, Norman (Chairman)
                                                                      98 Tam Kon Shan Road
    Ms. Wong Yu Pok, Marina
                                                                      TYTL 102
    Mr. Wu King Cheong
                                                                      Ngau Kok Wan
    Mr. Chan Wai Yan, Ronald
                                                                      North Tsing Yi
                                                                      New Territories
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                            Hong Kong

    Mr. Wu King Cheong (Chairman)                                     Telephone   : (852) 2394 4294
    Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin                                             Facsimile   : (852) 2786 9001
    Mr. Li Ning                                                       Website     : www.hkf.com
    Mr. Ho Hau Chong, Norman                                          E-Mail      : hkferry@hkf.com
    Ms. Wong Yu Pok, Marina

                                                                      SHARE LISTING
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                                      The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
    Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin (Chairman)                                  Stock Code: 50
    Mr. Li Ning
    Mr. Ho Hau Chong, Norman
                                                                      SHARE REGISTRAR
    Ms. Wong Yu Pok, Marina
    Mr. Wu King Cheong
                                                                      Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                                                      17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    GROUP GENERAL MANAGER                                             16 Harcourt Road
                                                                      Hong Kong
    Mr. Lee Gabriel




2   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
           DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S PROFILE



DIRECTORS’ PROFILE

Executive Directors

Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin, GBS, SBS, FCILT, FHKIoD, DB (Hon), DBA (Hon), DSocSc (Hon) ,
aged 74, was appointed on 1 July 1986, is the Chairman of the Company. He is
also the Chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Remuneration
Committee of the Company. Dr. Lam was awarded the Gold Bauhinia Star (GBS) by
The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region in 2025. Dr. Lam
holds a Bachelor of Science (Honours) degree from The University of Hong Kong and
has over 52 years’ experience in banking and property development. He is also a Vice
Chairman of Henderson Land Development Company Limited (“Henderson Land”) and
Henderson Investment Limited, a non-executive director of The Hong Kong and China
Gas Company Limited and an executive director of Miramar Hotel and Investment
Company, Limited, all of which are listed public companies. He is also a director of
Wiselin Investment Limited (“Wiselin”), Henderson Development Limited (“Henderson
Development”), Graf Investment Limited (“Graf”), Mount Sherpa Limited (“Mount”),
Paillard Investment Limited (“Paillard”), Hopkins (Cayman) Limited (“Hopkins”), Rimmer       Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin
(Cayman) Limited (“Rimmer”) and Riddick (Cayman) Limited (“Riddick”). Henderson              Chairman
Land, Wiselin, Henderson Development, Graf, Mount, Paillard, Hopkins, Rimmer
and Riddick have discloseable interests in the Company under the provisions of Part
XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance. Dr. Lam is the Deputy Chairman of The
University of Hong Kong Foundation for Educational Development and Research, a
director of Fudan University Education Development Foundation, a member of the
8th University Board of Fudan University, an honorary Court member of Hong Kong
Baptist University, a member of the Court of The Hong Kong University of Science and
Technology and a member of the Court of City University of Hong Kong. Dr. Lam was
awarded an Honorary University Fellowship by The University of Hong Kong in 2008
and an Honorary Fellowship by The Chinese University of Hong Kong in 2019. He was
also conferred a degree of Doctor of Business (Honoris Causa) by Macquarie University
in 2015, a degree of Doctor of Business Administration (Honoris Causa) by The Hong
Kong University of Science and Technology in 2021 and a degree of Doctor of Social
Sciences (Honoris Causa) by The University of Hong Kong in 2023. Dr. Lam is a Fellow
of The Chartered Institute of Logistics and Transport in Hong Kong and a Fellow of
The Hong Kong Institute of Directors. He is also a director of various subsidiaries of the
Company.




                                                              Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   3
    DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S PROFILE (Continued)




    DIRECTORS’ PROFILE (Continued)

    Executive Directors (Continued)

                                          Mr. Li Ning, BSc, MBA , aged 69, was appointed on 20 October 1989, is an Executive
                                          Director of the Company. He is also a member of the Nomination Committee and
                                          the Remuneration Committee of the Company. Mr. Li is also an Executive Director of
                                          Henderson Investment Limited, a listed public company. He holds a B.Sc. degree from
                                          Babson College and an M.B.A. degree from the University of Southern California.
                                          He has 35 years’ experience in managing department store business. He is also
                                          a director of various subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Li is the son-in-law of
                                          the late Dr. Lee Shau Kee.




    Mr. Li Ning




                                          Mr. Lee Gabriel, CMILT, FHKIoD , aged 47, was appointed as the Group General
                                          Manager of the Company on 4 October 2021 and an Executive Director of the
                                          Company on 3 January 2023. He has over 20 years of experience in business
                                          management. He is also the Director — Corporate Affairs and Communications of
                                          Union Medical Centre Limited, a company ultimately controlled by the private family
                                          trusts of the late Dr. Lee Shau Kee. Mr. Lee served as an executive director of
                                          EC Healthcare, a company listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                          Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) since its listing in March 2016, and acted as its chief
                                          operating officer since April 2014, and tendered his resignation from such positions with
                                          effect from 1 October 2021. Prior to joining EC Healthcare, Mr. Lee commenced his
                                          career at Cathay Pacific Airways Limited (“Cathay Pacific”), an international airline listed
                                          on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, and held various managerial roles in Cathay
                                          Pacific in Hong Kong, Shanghai and Beijing, including but not limited to overseeing the
    Mr. Lee Gabriel                       Hong Kong International Airport operations and the cargo operations of the airline in
                                          14 cities in the People’s Republic of China, as well as being seconded to Air China
                                          Cargo Company Limited (中國國際貨運航空有限公司) in Beijing where he served as
                                          the assistant president of its commercial (sales and marketing) division.

                                          Mr. Lee holds a bachelor of business administration degree in accounting and finance
                                          from The University of Hong Kong and attended the SWIRE Management Programme
                                          organised by INSEAD Graduate Business School in Singapore. Mr. Lee also attended
                                          the SWIRE Accounting and Control Programme and SWIRE Advanced Management
                                          Programme organised by INSEAD Graduate Business School in Fontainebleau, France.
                                          Mr. Lee is a chartered member of The Chartered Institute of Logistics and Transport in
                                          Hong Kong and a Fellow of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors. He is also a director
                                          of various subsidiaries of the Company.




4   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                        DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S PROFILE (Continued)




DIRECTORS’ PROFILE (Continued)

Non-executive Director

Mr. Au Siu Kee, Alexander, OBE, FCA, FCCA, FCPA, FCIB, FHKIB , aged 79,
was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company on
17 January 2005 and re-designated as a Non-executive Director of the Company on
7 November 2005. Mr. Au was a well-known banker in Hong Kong and had more than
32 years’ experience in local and international banking business, having been the Chief
Executive Officer of Hang Seng Bank Limited (from October 1993 to March 1998)
and of Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited in Singapore (from September
1998 to April 2002). He was formerly a non-executive director of a number of leading
companies including The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, MTR
Corporation Limited and Hang Lung Group Limited. He was an executive director and
the chief financial officer of Henderson Land Development Company Limited (“Henderson
Land”), a listed public company, from December 2005 to June 2011. He stepped
down from the position of chief financial officer and was re-designated as a
                                                                                           Mr. Au Siu Kee, Alexander
non-executive director of Henderson Land on 1 July 2011. On 18 December 2012, Mr. Au
was re-designated as an independent non-executive director of Henderson Land until
his retirement on 2 June 2015. In December 2018, Mr. Au rejoined Henderson Land as
an independent non-executive director. Currently, he is an independent non-executive
director of Henderson Investment Limited, Wharf Real Estate Investment Company
Limited and Miramar Hotel and Investment Company, Limited, all of which are listed
public companies. He is the chairman and a non-executive director of Henderson
Sunlight Asset Management Limited, the manager of the publicly-listed Sunlight Real
Estate Investment Trust. An accountant by training, Mr. Au is a Fellow of the Institute
of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, the Association of Chartered Certified
Accountants and the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Henderson
Land has discloseable interests in the Company under the provisions of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance.




                                                            Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   5
    DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S PROFILE (Continued)




    DIRECTORS’ PROFILE (Continued)

    Independent Non-executive Directors

                                          Mr. Ho Hau Chong, Norman, BA, ACA, FCPA , aged 70, was appointed on
                                          28 March 1995, is an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He is also
                                          the Chairman of the Audit Committee, a member of the Nomination Committee and
                                          the Remuneration Committee of the Company. Mr. Ho is a member of the Institute
                                          of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and a Fellow of the Hong Kong
                                          Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Ho is an Executive Director of Honorway
                                          Investments Limited and Tak Hung (Holding) Company, Limited and has over 43 years
                                          of experience in management and property development. He is also an Executive
                                          Director of Miramar Hotel and Investment Company, Limited and Vision Values
                                          Holdings Limited, as well as an Independent Non-executive Director of Shun Tak
                                          Holdings Limited and SJM Holdings Limited, all of which are listed public companies.



    Mr. Ho Hau Chong, Norman




                                          Ms. Wong Yu Pok, Marina, JP , aged 77, was appointed on 8 May 2008, is an
                                          Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. She is also a member of the
                                          Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee of the
                                          Company. Ms. Wong joined PricewaterhouseCoopers in 1968 and was responsible
                                          for the development of the firm’s business in Mainland China since 1980. After her
                                          retirement as a partner from PricewaterhouseCoopers in July 2004, she joined Tricor
                                          Services Limited as a director from September 2004 to February 2006. Ms. Wong
                                          was a member of a number of Government advisory and other bodies in Hong Kong,
                                          including The Dental Council of Hong Kong up to August 2021 and was the Chairman
                                          of The Applied Research Council up to February 2017. Ms. Wong is the Vice-Chairman
                                          of the Hong Kong Federation of Women. An accountant by training, Ms. Wong is
                                          a Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a Fellow
                                          of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants. She is also an independent
    Ms. Wong Yu Pok, Marina               non-executive director of Luk Fook Holdings (International) Limited, KLN Logistics
                                          Group Limited (formerly known as Kerry Logistics Network Limited) and SJM Holdings
                                          Limited, all of which are listed public companies in Hong Kong. Ms. Wong previously
                                          served as an independent non-executive director of Kerry Properties Limited, a listed
                                          public company in Hong Kong, until her retirement on 20 May 2024.




6   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                            DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S PROFILE (Continued)




DIRECTORS’ PROFILE (Continued)

Independent Non-executive Directors (Continued)

Mr. Wu King Cheong, BBS, JP , aged 75, was appointed on 17 January 2005, is
an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He is also the Chairman of
the Remuneration Committee, a member of the Audit Committee and the Nomination
Committee of the Company. He is the Life Honorary Chairman of The Chinese General
Chamber of Commerce and the Permanent Honorary President of both the Chinese
Gold & Silver Exchange Society and the Hong Kong Securities Association Limited.
Mr. Wu is currently an independent non-executive director of Henderson Land
Development Company Limited (“Henderson Land”), Henderson Investment Limited,
Miramar Hotel and Investment Company, Limited and Yau Lee Holdings Limited, all of
which are listed public companies. Henderson Land has discloseable interests in the
Company under the provisions of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.
Mr. Wu was awarded an Honorary Fellowship by Lingnan University in 2009.

                                                                                                      Mr. Wu King Cheong




Mr. Chan Wai Yan, Ronald, aged 45, was appointed on 20 March 2023, is an
Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He is also a member of the Audit
Committee of the Company. He is an independent non-executive director of Powerlong
Commercial Management Holdings Limited and Lee & Man Paper Manufacturing
Limited, both of which are listed public companies in Hong Kong. Mr. Chan founded
Chartwell Capital Limited, an investment management company, in October 2007 and
is currently the chief investment officer. He has been its responsible officer for Type 4 (advising
on securities) and Type 9 (asset management) regulated activities under the Securities
and Futures Ordinance since November 2008 and February 2008, respectively. He has
over 20 years of investment experience. Mr. Chan has been a member of the Public
Shareholders Group of the Securities and Futures Commission since 14 February
2023, a member of SFC (HKEC Listing) Committee since 1 April 2023, a member of
the Board of Directors of the Financial Services Development Council (“FSDC”) since
                                                                                                      Mr. Chan Wai Yan, Ronald
17 January 2024 and a member of the Board of Directors of the Hong Kong Academy
for Wealth Legacy of FSDC since 17 January 2026. From July 2016 to July 2022, he
served as a member of the Listing Committee of the Main Board and GEM of The
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). From December 2017
to December 2021, Mr. Chan was an independent non-executive director of Wine’s
Link International Holdings Limited, whose shares are listed on GEM of the Stock
Exchange. Mr. Chan obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in finance and accounting
from the Leonard N. Stern School of Business at New York University in the United
States in May 2002.




                                                                    Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   7
    DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S PROFILE (Continued)




    SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S PROFILE

    The Senior Management of the Company is as follows:

    Mr. Leung Shu Keung, Brian             Internal Audit Manager
    Mr. Wong Kam Chuen, Terence            General Manager – Finance and Accounts
    Mr. Chow Tung Ming                     Company Secretary



    Mr. Leung Shu Keung, Brian, BA, CIA, CRMA, CFE, PgD , aged 64, is the Internal Audit Manager of the Company.
    He joined the Company in 1992 and has over 36 years of experience in accounting, auditing and management assurance.



    Mr. Wong Kam Chuen, Terence, MCF, BA(Hons), FCCA, CPA, ACG, HKACG , aged 57, has been the General Manager
    of Finance and Accounts Department of the Company since 2022. He joined the Company in 1995 and has over 20 years of
    experience in accounting, auditing and corporate finance.



    Mr. Chow Tung Ming, BBA(Law), LLB, Solicitor, FRM, CFA , aged 43, joined the Company in October 2023 and has been
    appointed as the Company Secretary of the Company since 8 December 2023. Mr. Chow is a solicitor of the High Court
    of Hong Kong and has more than 16 years of legal experience, particularly in corporate finance, regulatory compliance,
    company secretarial and commercial areas.




8   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS



                                                                            2025               2024               Change


Revenue                                                 HK$M                 427                    423             +0.9%

Profit attributable to shareholders                     HK$M                 335                    164           +104.3%

Dividends                                               HK$M                   89                    89                 —

Shareholders’ funds                                     HK$M               7,320               7,063                +3.6%

Basic earnings per share                                  HK$                0.94               0.46              +104.3%

Dividend per share                                        HK$                0.25               0.25                    —

Dividend cover                                          Times                 3.8                   1.8           +111.1%

Return on equity                                            %                 4.6                   2.3           +100.0%

Net assets per share                                      HK$              20.52               19.80                +3.6%




                   Group Revenue                                Profit attributable to shareholders
  Year                                                       Year


2025                                                       2025


2024                                                       2024


2023                                                       2023


2022                                                       2022


2021                                                       2021


         0       100       200        300   400   500               0         350        700              1,050     1,400
                            HK$ Million                                               HK$ Million




                                                        Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited         Annual Report 2025   9
     THE SYMPHONIE
     (280 TUNG CHAU STREET,
     CHEUNG SHA WAN)
     REDEVELOPMENT PROJECT

     The private residential rental market in Hong Kong
     continues to improve with increasing rental yields.
     The Group converted the two-tower residential
     units of “The Symphonie” into a youth hostel,
     which is operated by Tung Wah Group of Hospitals
     and named as “TN Residence”. This project was
     approved by the Home and Youth Affairs Bureau
     under the Subsidy Scheme for Using Hostels and
     Guesthouses as Youth Hostels. Commencing from
     June 2025 the Group began collecting rental which
     has been subject to adjustments based on the
     occupancy rates of the hostel.




                                                                       THE ROYALE
                                                                       (8 CASTLE PEAK ROAD –
                                                                       CASTLE PEAK BAY, TUEN MUN)
                                                                       JOINT VENTURE
                                                                       DEVELOPMENT PROJECT

                                                                       The Group has already delivered to buyers the 1,748
                                                                       residential units sold. 34 units remain unsold in the
                                                                       entire project, with 5 residential units, 103 private car
                                                                       parking spaces and 18 motorcycle parking spaces
                                                                       already leased for short-term period.




10   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
METRO HARBOUR PLAZA
(8 FUK LEE STREET,
TAI KOK TSUI)


Covering over 250,000 square feet, Metro Harbour Plaza is
located in the heart of West Kowloon. The occupancy rate
of commercial arcade as at 31 December 2025 was 94%.




                                                                       GREEN CODE PLAZA
                                                                       (1 MA SIK ROAD, FANLING)

                                                                       The rental property held by the Group, Green Code
                                                                       Plaza, is a large-scale residential podium mall,
                                                                       providing convenient daily shopping and dining
                                                                       options for local residents. The occupancy rate of
                                                                       commercial arcade as at 31 December 2025 was
                                                                       98%.




                                                            Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   11
     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




                                                                       I am pleased to present to
                                                                       the shareholders on behalf
                                                                       of the Board my report on
                                                                       the business results of the
                                                                       Group for the year ended 31
                                                                       December 2025.

                                                                       Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin
                                                                       Chairman




     BUSINESS RESULTS                                                  DIVIDENDS

     During the year under review, the Group’s profit for the year     The Board of Directors (the “Board”) has recommended
     ended 31 December 2025 was HK$335 million, representing           the payment of a final dividend for the year ended
     an increase of approximately 109% from the same period            31 December 2025 of HK15 cents per share (2024: final
     last year. This was mainly attributable to the recognition of     dividend of HK15 cents per share). Subject to shareholders’
     a one-off construction cost adjustment after taxation of the      approval at the annual general meeting to be held on Friday,
     completion of the joint venture development project               29 May 2026, the final dividend will be paid on Tuesday,
     “The Royale”.                                                     23 June 2026 to shareholders whose names appear on the
                                                                       Register of Members of the Company on Monday, 8 June
     The Group’s underlying profit for the year ended                  2026. The final dividend, together with the interim dividend
     31 December 2025 was HK$284 million, representing an              of HK10 cents per share already paid, will make a total
     increase of approximately 80% from the same period                distribution of HK25 cents for the full year.
     last year. Taking into account the fair value change of the
     investment properties, profit attributable to shareholders        BUSINESS REVIEW
     for the year ended 31 December 2025 was approximately
     HK$335 million, representing an increase of approximately         The Group’s operations are primarily divided into three
     105% as compared with the same period of 2024.                    major segments: (1) property development and investment
                                                                       operations, (2) ferry, shipyard and related operations, and
     Earnings per share for the year was HK$0.94 (2024:                (3) medical, healthcare and beauty services. During the year
     HK$0.46).                                                         under review, the Group’s profit was mainly derived from
                                                                       the rental income from shops and commercial arcades,
                                                                       interest income from banks, as well as fair value gains on
                                                                       investment properties and a construction cost adjustment of
                                                                       the development project. The Group had no borrowings.




12   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                       CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (Continued)




BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)

Property Development and Investment
Operations

In 2025, the gross rental income arising from the Group’s
shops, commercial arcades and the youth hostel amounted
to approximately HK$147 million, representing an increase
of approximately 17% from the same period last year. As at
31 December 2025, the commercial arcades of Metro6 were
fully let. The occupancy rates of the commercial arcades
of The Spectacle and Shining Heights were 91% and 81%
respectively. The occupancy rates of commercial arcades of
Metro Harbour Plaza and Green Code Plaza were 94% and
98% respectively.

The Royale (8 Castle Peak Road – Castle                              The Symphonie
Peak Bay, Tuen Mun) Joint Venture
Development Project
                                                                     purposes. Leases were renewed with certain existing tenants
The Group has already delivered to buyers the 1,748                  and new tenancy agreements were entered into with new
residential units sold. 34 units remain unsold in the entire         tenants. As of the end of 2025, all shops were leased. The
project, with 5 residential units, 103 private car parking           Group enhanced the property’s rental by increasing leasable
spaces and 18 motorcycle parking spaces already leased               spaces through shop layout reconfiguration, upgrading the
for short-term period.                                               property’s image through shopfront renovations, optimising
                                                                     the signage area, installing the new LED screen and
The Symphonie (280 Tung Chau Street,                                 expanding advertising space.
Cheung Sha Wan) Redevelopment Project
                                                                     Ferry, Shipyard and Related Operations
The private residential rental market in Hong Kong
continues to improve with increasing rental yields. The              The Group’s ferry, shipyard, and related operations including
Group converted the two-tower residential units of “The              the dangerous goods vehicular ferry services recorded a loss
Symphonie” into a youth hostel, which is operated by Tung            of approximately HK$8 million during the year under review.
Wah Group of Hospitals and named as “TN Residence”.                  The company successfully applied for a fare increase upon
This project was approved by the Home and Youth Affairs              license renewal in January 2024, but recorded a loss due to
Bureau under the Subsidy Scheme for Using Hostels and                increased operating expenses and reduced traffic volume.
Guesthouses as Youth Hostels. Commencing from June                   In September 2025, the company applied to the Transport
2025 the Group began collecting rental which has been                Department for a fare increase again for its dangerous
subject to adjustments based on the occupancy rates of the           goods vehicular ferry services.
hostel.
                                                                     During the year, the revenue of Hong Kong Shipyard
Portion A of Ground Floor of Tai Hung Fai                            decreased by 12% compared to 2024. The decline in
(Tsuen Wan) Centre (No. 55 Chung On                                  revenue was attributed to Hong Kong’s recent economic
Street, Tsuen Wan)                                                   environment. There was a reduction in the number of ships
                                                                     registered in Hong Kong. Shipowners opted for more basic
On 30 September 2025, the Group completed the                        maintenance services and also used the maintenance
acquisition of various shops at Portion A of Ground Floor (with      services in the Mainland. Hong Kong Shipyard is actively
a total gross floor area of approximately 12,700 sq. ft.) and        exploring diversification strategies to enhance overall
signage areas of Tai Hung Fai (Tsuen Wan) Centre, located            revenue, including partial land use conversion.
at 55 Chung On Street, Tsuen Wan, for rental investment

                                                                  Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025    13
     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (Continued)




     BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)                                        The Group has also partnered with a professional fitness
                                                                        centre with over 20 years of experience in Hong Kong to
     Medical, Healthcare and Beauty Services                            establish a physiotherapy centre at H Zentre in August
                                                                        2025. The Group has launched a medical equipment leasing
     The Group’s medical, healthcare and beauty services                business since the second half of 2024, jointly purchasing
     business, which includes pain treatment and medical                medical equipment with specialists for rental to hospitals
     aesthetics, recorded a loss of approximately HK$4 million          and doctors to generate stable income.
     during the year under review, representing a significant
     reduction of 84% compared the same period last year. It is         PROSPECTS
     believed to become profitable in the future.
                                                                        Benefiting from the Central Government’s implementation of
     The Group has established spine and pain centres at Mira           proactive fiscal and accommodative monetary policies, Hong
     Place, Tsim Sha Tsui, and Metro Harbour Plaza, Tai Kok             Kong’s overall economic development has built up a good
     Tsui, under the brand “Total HealthCare”. The third branch         momentum, with the financial sector performing particularly
     started trial operations in January 2026 at Tai Hung Fai (Tsuen    well. The Hang Seng Index rose by 27.8% in 2025, and
     Wan) Centre. The Group has introduced advanced medical             the average daily turnover reached HK$249.8 billion, a
     equipment in conjunction with professional registered              substantial increase of 89.5% compared to HK$131.8 billion
     chiropractors and sports trainers, to provide personalised         in 2024. Moreover, Hong Kong regained its position as the
     treatment plans for pain-suffering patients. In addition, it       world’s top market for initial public offering (IPO) fundraising,
     addresses the rehabilitation needs of various patients in          reflecting the return of global capital to Hong Kong and the
     orthopedics, post-surgery and various types of injuries.           increased confidence among local investors.

     AMOUR medical aesthetic centre expanded the leased                 The price index of private residential properties in Hong
     area at Mira Place, Tsim Sha Tsui, to deliver an elevated          Kong showed an upward trend, rising by approximately
     experience for its clientele. After multiple rounds of rigorous    3.3% year-on-year and ending three consecutive years
     selection by the Hong Kong Brand Development Council,              of decline. The number of transactions reached 62,832
     AMOUR medical aesthetic centre was awarded the “Hong               for the year, representing an 18.3% increase compared
     Kong Emerging Service Brand” in February 2026. This honor          with 2024. Benefiting from the Hong Kong Government’s
     not only highly recognises the brand but also acknowledges         various talent schemes and its policy to actively propel Hong
     the team’s efforts to “professionally fulfilling promises”.        Kong to become an international hub for post-secondary
     AMOUR medical aesthetic centre is actively strengthening           education. The number of professionals, students and their
     its professional team by recruiting clinically experienced         families coming to Hong Kong continued to grow, driving
     doctors, dermatologists and senior beauty consultants              rental demand and sustaining the upward trend in private
     to master the latest medical aesthetics techniques and             residential rents. The rental index of private residential
     equipment operation standards to meet market demand for            property recorded an increase of over 4.3% year-on-year in
     high-end medical aesthetic services.                               2025. Assuming no further deterioration in the Iran war nor
                                                                        global inflation, the market outlook is expected to remain
     The Group established a specialist centre at H Zentre,             positive. However, geopolitical risk remains an unpredictable
     Tsim Sha Tsui through a joint venture, providing specialised       factor.
     services in cardiology, surgery, orthopedics, plastic surgery
     and urology. Its performance has been steadily on the rise
     and recorded a profit. In November 2025, the specialist
     centre was renamed “Alliance Medical Centre” as part of a
     brand revitalization initiative to strengthen the collaboration
     among various specialties and to provide patients with
     efficient and high-quality medical services.




14   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                                                                        CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (Continued)




PROSPECTS (Continued)                                                 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

In the 2026–27 Budget, the Hong Kong Government                       On behalf of the shareholders and the Board, I would like to
introduced a range of policy initiatives relating to the tourism      take this opportunity to express our appreciation to all our
and healthcare sectors. As the Events Capital of Asia, the            staff for their dedication and hard work during the year.
Hong Kong Tourism Board will scale up its flagship events
and promotion, organising more signature festive events. In
the healthcare sector, the policy directions cover research
and development of biomedicine and cross-boundary
medical collaboration. The Group will actively seek new
opportunities arising from the Government’s policy and                Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin
expand its business footprint through collaborating with              Chairman
onboarding specialist doctors to strengthen the foundation
for growth.                                                           Hong Kong, 19 March 2026

Looking ahead to 2026, Hong Kong’s economy is expected
to maintain a steady momentum. It is anticipated that the
income from rental properties, together with bank interest
income, will continue to be the major sources of revenue of
the Group. The Group holds ample cash with no borrowing,
maintaining a solid financial position and will proactively seek
investment opportunities that offer reasonable returns.




                                                                   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     The following comments should be read in conjunction              monitors the impact of retail market conditions and changes
     with the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the         in tourism patterns on shop rentals, and will proceed with
     Company and the related notes to the financial statements.        investments only when returns are attractive and risks are
                                                                       manageable.
     DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY AND
     PRINCIPAL RISKS                                                   The Group has consistently and unwaveringly upheld its
                                                                       sustainable development goal of “Putting People First”. In
     The Group has been operating ferry services in Hong Kong          addition to transporting oil products for residents on Hong
     for over a century and is currently the only ferry company        Kong Island, its ferry business also delivers flammable gases
     in Hong Kong offering “vehicular ferry services” and              to hospitals and other institutions. The Group will continue
     “dangerous goods vehicular ferry services”. Alongside the         to engage with the Government to recover costs at a
     urban development of Hong Kong, the Group ventured into           reasonable rate in order to sustain the ferry operations and
     residential property development in the early 2000’s and          continue serving the public. The Group collaborated with
     further diversified its investments by launching the medical      a local bicycle company to provide bicycle parking spaces
     specialist and beauty business in 2022. These three core          at the North Point East Pier for public use last year, and
     business segments complement each other, effectively              will continue to discuss with the Government regarding the
     diversifying investment risks and enhancing the Group’s           upgrading of facilities at the North Point East Pier, aiming to
     overall competitiveness and long-term value.                      enrich the public’s enjoyment of the East Coast Boardwalk.


     The two rental properties held by the Group, Metro Harbour        Hong Kong is not only one of the longest-living cities globally,
     Plaza and Green Code Plaza, are large-scale residential           but also has one of the most rapidly aging populations in
     podium malls, providing convenient daily shopping and             the world. Coupled with the heightened public awareness of
     dining options for local residents and thus less affected         health following the COVID-19 pandemic and the increasing
     by the retail downturn. Tai Hung Fai (Tsuen Wan) Centre,          burden on the public healthcare system, this has created
     acquired in September last year, is located in a high-            potential opportunities for the private medical and
     traffic hub in the Tsuen Wan district, where the shopping         health-related industries. Under the backdrop of Hong Kong’s
     demand from residents within and outside the district             active integration into the Greater Bay Area (GBA), the trend
     provides a certain level of support for rents, rendering it       of Hong Kong residents travelling north for consumption
     less susceptible to shifts in tourist consumption patterns        continues, and the public’s acceptance of using Mainland
     compared with shops in areas more dependent on tourists.          medical services has significantly increased. Due to the
     When considering potential investments, the Group closely         generally lower prices of medical services in the Mainland,


16   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (Continued)




DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY AND                                            GEARING RATIO AND FINANCIAL
PRINCIPAL RISKS (Continued)                                         MANAGEMENT

some Hong Kong residents have shifted to the GBA for                As the Group had no borrowings as at 31 December 2025,
non-emergency services such as medical check-ups, dental            no gearing ratio, which is calculated on the basis of bank
care, and aesthetic treatments. However, the Group’s                borrowing as a ratio of the Group’s shareholders’ fund, was
medical specialist and beauty businesses primarily focus            shown.
on serving high-end and non-hospital clients, emphasising
the assurance of high-quality service rather than competing         The Group’s financing and treasury activities were managed
on price, thus being less affected. In response to market           centrally at the corporate level. Financing facilities extended
demand for auxiliary health services, the Group has been            to the Group were denominated in Hong Kong dollar.
actively developing complementary services, gradually
forming an ecosystem that provides convenient and timely            EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION
services to the public locally. The Group will continue to          POLICY
explore the introduction of suitable medical equipment,
attract medical professionals, and collaborate with relevant        As at 31 December 2025, the number of employees of the
specialist doctors to expand the footprint of its medical and       Group stood at 302 (2024: about 300). Total employees’
health business.                                                    costs for the year amounted to approximately HK$144
                                                                    million. The remuneration packages to employees were
REVIEW OF RESULTS                                                   commensurable to the market trend and levels of pay in
                                                                    similar industries. A discretionary year-end bonus was
The Group’s revenue for the year amounted to                        paid to employees based on individual performance.
approximately HK$427 million, representing a slight increase        Other benefits to employees included medical insurance,
of 1% when compared with the previous year. This was                retirement scheme, training programmes and educational
mainly attributable to the increase of revenue from medical         subsidies.
aesthetic services and investment properties, offset by a
decline in revenue from shipyard and the related operations.


LIqUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES
AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE

As of 31 December 2025, shareholders’ funds of the Group
showed an increase of around 3.6% as compared to the
previous year and amounted to HK$7,320 million. The
increase was mainly the increase in the profit.

There was no change to the capital structure of the Group
during the year. Funding for the Group’s activities during the
year under review was mainly generated from the property
leasing and other operations. Current assets of the Group
were recorded at HK$2,391 million and the current liabilities
were HK$234 million as of 31 December 2025. Current
ratio of the Group had been decreased to 10.2 as at 31
December 2025, mainly attributed to “The Symphonie”
redevelopment project being reclassified from “Completed
properties held for sale” to “Investment properties”.




                                                                 Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025      17
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     The directors have pleasure in submitting their Annual             Discussions on the Group’s environmental policies and
     Report together with the audited financial statements for the      performance, and relationships with its key stakeholders
     year ended 31 December 2025.                                       which have a significant impact on the Group can be
                                                                        found in this Report of Directors on pages 18 to 21. The
     PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS                                        Group’s strategy for managing climate-related risks and
                                                                        opportunities can be found in the sub-sections headed
     Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited (the “Company”)         “Environment and Resources – Climate Resilience and
     is a company incorporated and domiciled in Hong Kong and           Adaptation” and “Environment and Resources – Climate-
     has its registered office and principal place of business at       related Risks and Opportunities” contained in Environmental,
     98 Tam Kon Shan Road, TYTL 102, Ngau Kok Wan, North                Social and Governance (“ESG”) Report on pages 98 to 104
     Tsing Yi, New Territories, Hong Kong.                              of this Annual Report. These discussions form part of this
                                                                        Report of the Directors.

     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
                                                                        Discussion on Environmental Policies and
     The principal activity of the Company is investment holding
                                                                        Performance
     and the principal activities of its subsidiaries are property
                                                                        In alignment to Hong Kong’s Climate Action Plan 2050
     development, property investment, ferry, shipyard and
                                                                        and commitments made during the 30th United Nations
     related operations, medical, healthcare and beauty services
                                                                        Climate Change Conference, the Group is dedicated to
     and securities investment.
                                                                        environmental stewardship. We aim to reduce our carbon
                                                                        footprint while enhancing the climate resilience of our
     The analysis of the principal activities of the Company and
                                                                        operations.
     its subsidiaries (the “Group”) during the financial year is set
     out in note 3 to the financial statements on pages 160 to
                                                                        The Group’s Climate Change Policy encourages our
     164 of this Annual Report.
                                                                        suppliers, consultants, contractors and business partners to
                                                                        reduce carbon emissions and energy consumption in their
     BUSINESS REVIEW                                                    daily operations, incorporates climate change considerations
                                                                        into our procurement process and encourages the use
     A review of the business of the Group during the year is           of low carbon, low embodied-energy and energy efficient
     provided in Management Discussion and Analysis on pages            products and materials. The Group’s Environmental Policy
     16 to 17 and the Chairman’s Statement on pages 12 to 15            fosters environmental awareness in our decision-making
     of this Annual Report. A discussion on the Group’s future          and operating practices, gives priority to environmentally-
     business development is provided in the Chairman’s                 friendly designs, materials and construction approach, and
     Statement on pages 12 to 15 of this Annual Report.                 favours consultants, contractors, and suppliers who follow
     Description of the principal risks and uncertainties that          environmentally-friendly practices in providing their designs,
     the Group may be facing can be found in the sub-section            services and products. The Group has engaged external
     headed “Development Strategy and Principal Risks” of               expert to conduct climate risk assessment to identify key
     Management Discussion and Analysis on pages 16 to 17,              climate-related risks and opportunities with potential market
     the Chairman’s Statement on pages 12 to 15 and the                 impacts, potential financial implications and measures for
     sub-section headed “Risk Management and Internal Control”          mitigating these risks.
     of Corporate Governance Report on pages 45 to 50 of this
     Annual Report. Financial risk management of the Group can
     be found in note 24 to the financial statements on pages
     201 to 205 of this Annual Report. An analysis of the Group’s
     performance during the year using financial key performance
     indicators is provided in the Financial Highlights on page 9
     and Five Years’ Financial Summary on pages 212 and 213
     of this Annual Report respectively.




18   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)




BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)                                         As part of our resource conservation efforts, rainwater
                                                                    harvesting tanks have been installed to collect rainwater
Discussion on Environmental Policies and                            for vehicle washing, floor cleaning and irrigation purposes.
Performance (Continued)                                             We place emphasis on the reuse and recycling of waste
                                                                    materials and other useful resources before considering
The Group has set the target of reducing the Group’s                disposing them in landfill. In our cruise business, apart from
greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 10% by 2030                   the provision of a green dining menu for customers, an
compared with the 2023 baseline. From 2011 onwards,                 onshore sewage system is located at the ferry pier to avoid
annual energy audits have been conducted at our two most            the direct discharge of 1,988 litres of wastewater into the
fuel-intensive subsidiaries as part of the Energy and Carbon        harbour during the reporting year. The properties developed
Management Programme. Initiatives taken include, among              by us, Metro Harbour Plaza and Green Code Plaza, have
others, the installation of rooftop solar panels and wall-          both obtained Indoor Air Quality Certificates (Good Class)
mounted solar lights with an adjustable solar receiver and          and have received accolades for water quality management
turn-on sensors, and solar system on two floating pontoons          efforts. In addition, both properties participated in Energy
at our shipyard, replacement of traditional Tungsten light          Saving Charter 2025 and Programme on Source Separation
bulbs in our ferries’ main deck to LED bulbs and installation       of Commercial and Industrial Waste. These environmental
of electric vehicle charging systems in the parking area            protection activities advanced our commitment to achieving
within our premises, increasing energy efficiency during our        sustainable goals.
business operations. During the reporting year, the Group
purchased a new electric vehicle which helps to save energy         Looking ahead, the Group will continue to evaluate its
and contribute to lower greenhouse gas emissions.                   exposure to climate-related risks and opportunities, ensuring
                                                                    that sustainability remains an important aspect of its
In property development and investment operations, the              operations.
Group adopts green building standards and incorporates
sustainability considerations into the design and construction      Relationships with Employees, Customers,
phases of our projects. Two of our developed properties,            Suppliers and Community
The Symphonie and The Royale, received BEAM Plus New
Buildings V1.2 – Final Gold Rating and Final Silver Rating          As we progress on our sustainable development journey,
respectively. Our managed properties proactively participate        we aim to adopt ethical practices and consider the
in environmental campaigns that support climate action. This        interests of our key stakeholders. We maintain open lines
engagement not only raises environmental awareness of               of communications with our employees, customers and
the community but also cultivates a culture of sustainability       suppliers, and address their needs and concerns. We are
among residents and stakeholders, contributing to the               committed to contributing positively to the community in
collective efforts in combating climate challenges.                 which we operate and creating a beneficial social impact
                                                                    alongside our business objectives.

                                                                    Employees

                                                                    Emphasising our core value of “Putting People First”,
                                                                    we care about our employees’ well-being and aim to
                                                                    provide a supportive, inclusive and safe workplace. We
                                                                    offered competitive salaries and benefits based on their
                                                                    work experience and responsibilities. Our commitment to
                                                                    employee development is reflected in our extensive training
                                                                    programs. During the reporting year, our staff received
                                                                    approximately 4,588 hours of training in total.




                                                                 Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025     19
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)




     BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)                                       Customers

     Relationships with Employees, Customers,                          The Group is committed to delivering high-quality and
     Suppliers and Community (Continued)                               responsible products and services to our customers. Our
                                                                       ferry, shipyard and Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia operations
     Employees (Continued)                                             adopt the ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System to
                                                                       ensure accountability for our quality standards. To gauge
     We encourage participation in wellness initiatives, such          customer satisfaction and align our business strategies
     as providing free ice cream to employees during summer            with their expectations, we conduct customer satisfaction
     and distributing Mid-Autumn gift boxes containing health-         surveys, including our quarterly Docking Repair Service
     focused tea leaves and vitamins to employees. We also             Customer Satisfaction Survey and bi-annual On-Time
     organised workshops such as making scented sand candles           Maintenance Services survey. Our Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia
     and handmade tulips for our employees. Our Christmas              operation has achieved a customer satisfaction rate of over
     thanksgiving gathering recognized our employees’ hard             90% for 11 consecutive years. During the reporting year,
     work and commitment over the past year and created an             we received no material complaints relating to product and
     inclusive atmosphere for our employees.                           service quality.

     Recognizing the importance of safety and security of our          We prioritise customer data privacy and comply with
     employees, we have arranged health and wellness initiatives.      relevant material intellectual property rights regulations.
     Examples include Free Influenza Vaccine Injection and             The Group has established policy to guide employees
     Massage Experience Day. Our approach to occupational              on customer privacy. Our commitment to uphold ethical
     health and safety is demonstrated through our safety              behaviour is foundational to our operations and strengthens
     management system, which features regular safety meetings         our relationship with customers.
     and drills, inspections and the work of our Safety Committee
     who is dedicated to ongoing enhancement of our safety             Suppliers
     practices.
                                                                       To maintain the quality of our services and ensure smooth
     In facilitating a healthy work-life balance, we have              operations, we have implemented stringent management
     participated Mental Health Workplace Charter and                  practices in supplier assessment and procurement
     Joyful@Healthy Workplace Charter and arranged health-             processes. The Code of Conduct outlines our requirements
     related webinars and workshop for our employees. These            on ethical standards, labour rights and environmental
     charters guided our efforts to prioritize employee well-          practices. We keep reviewing the performance of our
     being, complementing our existing wellness initiatives. We        suppliers and contractors through our Supplier Evaluation
     organized staff gatherings and events, including birthday         Report and supplier performance review to enhance
     parties, spring trip, movie fun day, which helped to foster       consistent service quality. The Group has maintained
     camaraderie among colleagues.                                     an overall local procurement rate of over 80% for 10
                                                                       consecutive years, which demonstrates our continuous
     By engaging in community and industry initiatives, we aim         support to the local economy. During the reporting year, our
     to attract and retain talent while promoting the overall well-    Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia business, and medical aesthetic
     being of our workforce. Together, we strive for a brighter        clinic and premium beauty service centre sourced 100%
     future where both our employees and the Group can thrive.         locally from Hong Kong suppliers.




20   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)




BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)                                         In alignment with our commitment to environmental
                                                                    sustainability and community well-being, our Corporate
Relationships with Employees, Customers,                            Volunteer Team participated in a number of volunteer
Suppliers and Community (Continued)                                 activities, including Elderly Home Repair Service in Cheung
                                                                    Hang Estate and Cheung Wang Estate in Tsing Yi, and
Suppliers (Continued)                                               “Neighbourhood First – Rice-Giving” Scheme, with a view
                                                                    to giving back to the community and bringing meaningful
Our property development operations conduct safety audits,          impact through practical action. The Company was
while our other operations conduct supplier evaluations to          honoured to receive “Corporate – Volunteer Hour Certificate
identify areas of concern and recommend remedial actions.           of Appreciation (500–1,999 hours)” at the Hong Kong
                                                                    Volunteer Award 2025. This award serves as a recognition
These allow us to identify areas for improvement and
                                                                    to our colleagues for their heartfelt contribution to the
maintain consistent service quality. To promote sustainability
                                                                    community.
throughout our supply chain, we have incorporated ESG-
related supplier certifications in our supplier review process
                                                                    Through these initiatives, we strive to create long-term
by considering energy audit, carbon audit and Global
                                                                    shared value for the community, promote social inclusion,
Reporting Initiative as factors that may affect our supplier
                                                                    and enhance the well-being of those in need.
selection.

                                                                    Compliance Status with Relevant Laws
Community
                                                                    and Regulations that have a Significant
                                                                    Impact on the Business
As a responsible corporate citizen, the Group is committed
to creating a positive impact on the local community.
                                                                    No reported cases of non-compliance with applicable
During the reporting year, we reinforced our commitment to
                                                                    laws and regulations in Hong Kong on the environment,
social responsibility through various charitable projects and
                                                                    employment, anti-corruption, customer privacy and
community activities aiming at supporting underprivileged
                                                                    intellectual property took place during the reporting year that
groups and those in need.
                                                                    had a significant impact on the Group.

Guided by our board and senior management, we embrace
the principles of “Love Hong Kong”, “Love Victoria Harbour”
                                                                    MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
and “Care for the People” as integral part of our corporate
                                                                    The information in respect of the Group’s purchases
culture.
                                                                    attributable to the major suppliers during the year is as
                                                                    follows:
We have collaborated with Tung Wah Group of Hospitals
to enhance community investment by transforming “The
                                                                                                                Percentage of
Symphonie” into “TN Residence” under the Home and
                                                                                                                  the Group’s
Youth Affairs Bureau’s youth hostel scheme, addressing the
                                                                                                              total purchases
housing needs of youth in Hong Kong.

Our involvement in community events extended to, among                The largest supplier                                9.3%
others, “PIERSIDE RUN 2025” that allowed participating                Five largest suppliers in aggregate                34.1%
runners to have the fun of boarding vehicular ferry and
“My Epilepsy Journey” that invited epilepsy patients and            No analysis in respect of the Group’s major customers is
their families to board our Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia and           shown as the percentage of revenue attributable to the
allowed them to gain epilepsy-related information in a              Group’s five largest customers is less than 30%.
relaxed atmosphere. In addition, we continued to support
the Strive and Rise Programme and invited mentees to visit          Apart from the foregoing, at no time during the year have the
our shipyard, shared with them career opportunities and             directors, their associates or any shareholder of the Company
prospects, and shared insights into yard operations.                (which to the knowledge of the directors owns more than
                                                                    5% of the number of issued shares of the Company) had any
                                                                    interest in these major customers and suppliers.

                                                                 Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025      21
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)




     SUBSIDIARIES                                                      For the purpose of determining shareholders’ entitlement
                                                                       to the proposed final dividend for the year, the Register
     Details of the principal subsidiaries of the Company at           of Members of the Company will be closed from Friday,
     31 December 2025 are set out in note 12 to the financial          5 June 2026 to Monday, 8 June 2026, both days inclusive,
     statements on page 178 of this Annual Report.                     during which period no requests for transfer of shares
                                                                       will be accepted. In order to qualify for the proposed final
                                                                       dividend for the year, all transfer documents, accompanied
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
                                                                       by the relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the
     DIVIDENDS
                                                                       Company’s Share Registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited,
                                                                       at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong
     The profit of the Group for the year ended 31 December
                                                                       Kong, for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on Thursday,
     2025 and the financial position of the Group at that date are
                                                                       4 June 2026. The record date for determining entitlements
     set out in the financial statements on pages 134 to 211 of
                                                                       of shareholders to the proposed final dividend for the year is
     this Annual Report.
                                                                       Monday, 8 June 2026.

     An interim dividend of HK10 cents per share (2024: HK10
     cents per share) was paid on 26 September 2025. The               CHARITABLE DONATIONS
     Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) has
     recommended the payment of a final dividend for the year          Charitable donations made by the Group during the year
     ended 31 December 2025 of HK15 cents per share (2024:             amounted to HK$447,000 (2024: HK$79,000).
     HK15 cents per share). Subject to shareholders’ approval
     at the annual general meeting to be held on Friday, 29 May        SHARE CAPITAL
     2026 (the “2026 annual general meeting”), the final dividend
     will be paid on Tuesday, 23 June 2026 to shareholders             Details of the movements in share capital of the Company
     whose names appear on the Register of Members of the              during the year are set out in note 23 to the financial
     Company on Monday, 8 June 2026. The final dividend,               statements on pages 199 to 201 of this Annual Report.
     together with the interim dividend of HK10 cents per share
     already paid, will make a total distribution of HK25 cents for    DIRECTORS
     the full year.
                                                                       The Directors of the Company during the year ended
     CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS                                    31 December 2025 and up to the date of this report were:

     For the purpose of determining shareholders’ eligibility to       Executive Directors
     attend, speak and vote at the 2026 annual general meeting,
     the Register of Members of the Company will be closed             Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin (Chairman of the Board)
     from Tuesday, 26 May 2026 to Friday, 29 May 2026,                 Mr. Li Ning
     both days inclusive, during which period no requests for          Mr. Lee Gabriel (Group General Manager)
     transfer of shares will be accepted. In order to determine
     shareholders who are entitled to attend, speak and vote at        Non-executive Directors
     the 2026 annual general meeting, all transfer documents,
     accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must              Mr. Au Siu Kee, Alexander
     be lodged with the Company’s Share Registrar, Tricor              Mr. Lau Yum Chuen, Eddie (retired on 30 May 2025)
     Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre,
     16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong, for registration no later than       Independent Non-executive Directors
     4:30 p.m. on Friday, 22 May 2026. The record date for
     determining entitlements of shareholders to attend, speak         Mr. Ho Hau Chong, Norman
     and vote at the 2026 annual general meeting is Friday,            Ms. Wong Yu Pok, Marina
     29 May 2026.                                                      Mr. Wu King Cheong
                                                                       Mr. Chan Wai Yan, Ronald



22   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)




The list of directors of the subsidiaries of the Company             DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN
during the year and up to the date of this Annual Report is          TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS
kept at the registered office of the Company and available           OR CONTRACTS
for inspection by the shareholders during office hours.
                                                                     Except for the “Connected Transactions” as disclosed in this
In accordance with Article 103(A) of articles of association of      Report of the Directors, no other transactions, arrangement
the Company (the “Articles of Association”) and Corporate            or contracts of significance to which the Company, or any
Governance Code (the “Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to            of its holding company, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries
the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock           was a party, and in which a Director of the Company had a
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), Mr.             material interest, subsisted at the end of the year or at any
Lee Gabriel, Mr. Wu King Cheong and Mr. Chan Wai Yan,                time during the year.
Ronald shall retire by rotation at the 2026 annual general
meeting, and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.
                                                                     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
Mr. Wu King Cheong, an Independent Non-executive
Director, has served the Company for more than nine years.
                                                                     None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the 2026
Pursuant to the Code, his re-election shall be subject to a
                                                                     annual general meeting has a service contract with the
separate resolution to be approved by the shareholders at
                                                                     Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable
the 2026 annual general meeting.
                                                                     by the Company within one year without payment other than
                                                                     statutory compensation.
The Company has received from each of Mr. Ho Hau
Chong, Norman, Ms. Wong Yu Pok, Marina, Mr. Wu King
Cheong and Mr. Chan Wai Yan, Ronald, Independent
                                                                     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
Non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his/her
                                                                     According to the Articles of Association, every Director
independence and the Company considered that all of them
                                                                     or other officers of the Company shall be entitled to be
are independent.
                                                                     indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all
                                                                     losses or liabilities to the fullest extent permitted by the
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF                                              Companies Ordinance, Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong
THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR                                             Kong which he/she may sustain or incur in or about the
MANAGEMENT                                                           execution of the duties of his office or otherwise in relation
                                                                     thereto. The Company has arranged appropriate Directors’
Biographical details of the Directors and Senior Management
                                                                     and officers’ liability insurance coverage for the Directors
are set out in the Directors’ and Senior Management’s
                                                                     and officers.
Profile on pages 3 to 8 of this Annual Report.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S
EMOLUMENTS

Details of the Directors’ and Chief Executive’s emoluments
are set out in note 7 to the financial statements on page 168
of this Annual Report.

Details of the emoluments of the five highest paid individuals
and senior management of the Group are set out in note
8 to the financial statements on page 169 of this Annual
Report.




                                                                  Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025     23
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)




     DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS

     Directors’ Interests in Securities

     As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the directors and the chief executive of the Company in the
     shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV
     of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of
     the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”)
     pursuant to the SFO or the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix C3
     to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange were as follows:

     Shares and underlying shares (Long positions)

                                                                               THE COMPANY
                                                                   Interest in shares
                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                   Personal     Corporate          Family          Total        percentage
                                                   Interests     Interests      Interests      Interests        of the total
                                                  Number of     Number of      Number of      Number of          number of
                                                      Shares        Shares         Shares         Shares     issued shares


       Name of Director

       Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin                        150,000               –              –       150,000              0.04%
       Mr. Li Ning                                        –               –   119,017,090    119,017,090             33.41%
                                                                                  (Note 4)
       Mr. Lee Gabriel                              180,000               –              –       180,000              0.05%
       Mr. Au Siu Kee, Alexander                          –               –              –             –              0.00%
       Mr. Ho Hau Chong, Norman                   3,313,950               –              –     3,313,950              0.93%
       Ms. Wong Yu Pok, Marina                            –               –              –             –              0.00%
       Mr. Wu King Cheong                                 –               –              –             –              0.00%
       Mr. Chan Wai Yan, Ronald                           –               –              –             –              0.00%




24   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025
                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)




DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS (Continued)

Directors’ Interests in Securities (Continued)

Shares and underlying shares (Long positions) (Continued)

                                                                                         2OK COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                                 percentage
                                                                                                                 of the total
                                                                                    Family Interests              number of
                                                                                    Number of Shares          issued shares


  Name of Director

  Mr. Li Ning (Note 6)                                                                               5               50.00%


                                                                                            WINWIDE LIMITED
                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                                 percentage
                                                                                                                 of the total
                                                                                      Family Interests            number of
                                                                                      Number of Shares        issued shares


  Name of Director

  Mr. Li Ning (Note 7)                                                                                70             70.00%


Other than as stated above, no director or chief executive of the Company had any interest or short position, whether
beneficial or non-beneficial, in the shares (in respect of positions held pursuant to equity derivatives), underlying shares and
debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations as at 31 December 2025.




                                                              Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025     25
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)




     DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS (Continued)

     Substantial Shareholders and Others

     As at 31 December 2025, the interests in ordinary shares of the Company of every person as recorded in the register
     required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

                                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                                                          percentage
                                                                                                          of the total
                                                                               Number of shares            number of
                                                                                     interested        issued shares


       Substantial Shareholders

       Henderson Land Development Company Limited (Notes 1 & 5)                      119,017,090              33.41%
       Pataca Enterprises Limited (Note 1)                                           119,017,090              33.41%
       Wiselin Investment Limited (Note 1)                                            48,817,090              13.70%
       Henderson Development Limited (Notes 2 & 5)                                   119,017,090              33.41%
       Hopkins (Cayman) Limited (Notes 3 & 5)                                        119,017,090              33.41%
       Rimmer (Cayman) Limited (Notes 3 & 5)                                         119,017,090              33.41%
       Riddick (Cayman) Limited (Notes 3 & 5)                                        119,017,090              33.41%

       Persons other than Substantial Shareholders

       Graf Investment Limited (Note 1)                                               23,400,000               6.57%
       Mount Sherpa Limited (Note 1)                                                  23,400,000               6.57%
       Paillard Investment Limited (Note 1)                                           23,400,000               6.57%




26   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)




DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS (Continued)
Notes:

1.       These 119,017,090 shares included the 48,817,090 shares, 23,400,000 shares, 23,400,000 shares and 23,400,000 shares
         respectively beneficially owned by Wiselin Investment Limited, Graf Investment Limited, Mount Sherpa Limited and Paillard
         Investment Limited, all of which were subsidiaries of Pataca Enterprises Limited which in turn was a subsidiary of Henderson Land
         Development Company Limited (“HLD”).

2.       These 119,017,090 shares are duplicated in the interests described in Note 1. Henderson Development Limited (“HD”) beneficially
         owned more than one-third of the total number of issued shares of HLD.

3.       These 119,017,090 shares are duplicated in the interests described in Notes 1 and 2. Rimmer (Cayman) Limited (“Rimmer”) and
         Riddick (Cayman) Limited (“Riddick”) as trustees of the respective discretionary trusts held units in a unit trust (the “Unit Trust”). Hopkins (Cayman)
         Limited (“Hopkins”) as trustee of the Unit Trust held all the issued ordinary shares, which carry the voting rights in the share capital
         of HD.

4.       By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Li Ning was taken to be interested in the same 119,017,090 shares as Mr. Li’s spouse remained to be one
         of the discretionary beneficiaries of two discretionary trusts holding units in the Unit Trust.

5.       By virtue of the SFO, Rimmer, Riddick and Hopkins were respectively interested in 119,017,090 shares which are duplicated in
         the interests described in Notes 1, 2 and 3. All the issued shares in Rimmer, Riddick and Hopkins were beneficially owned by the
         late Dr. Lee Shau Kee and each of his sons, Dr. Lee Ka Kit and Dr. Lee Ka Shing will inherit certain shares in Rimmer, Riddick
         and Hopkins. Rimmer and Riddick (the relevant trustees of the respective discretionary trusts) hold units in the Unit Trust of which
         Hopkins is the trustee as described in Note 3, but each is not entitled to any interest in its trust assets which are, in the ordinary
         course of business, held by Hopkins as trustee of the Unit Trust independently without any reference to shareholders of Hopkins,
         and each of Dr. Lee Ka Kit and Dr. Lee Ka Shing remains to be one of the discretionary beneficiaries of such discretionary trusts.

6.       These 5 shares representing 50% equity interest in 2OK Company Limited (an associated company in which the Company through
         a subsidiary owned the remaining 50% interest) were beneficially owned by an indirect subsidiary of HLD. By virtue of the SFO,
         Mr. Li Ning was taken to be interested in these 5 shares in 2OK Company Limited as Mr. Li’s spouse remained to be one of the
         discretionary beneficiaries of the two discretionary trusts holding units in the Unit Trust.

7.       These 70 shares representing 70% equity interest in Winwide Limited (an associated company in which the Company through a
         subsidiary owned the remaining 30% interest) were beneficially owned by a company in which HD had 60% indirect interest and
         HLD had the remaining 40% indirect interest. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Li Ning was taken to be interested in these 70 shares in
         Winwide Limited as Mr. Li’s spouse remained to be one of the discretionary beneficiaries of the two discretionary trusts holding units
         in the Unit Trust.


Save as disclosed, as at 31 December 2025, the Company had not been notified of any other relevant interests or short
positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company.




                                                                             Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited                Annual Report 2025          27
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)




     RESERVES                                                          EqUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

     Profits attributable to shareholders, before dividend, of         For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company had
     HK$335,366,000 (2024: HK$163,875,000) have been                   not entered into any equity-linked agreements.
     transferred to reserves. Details of other movements in
     reserves during the year are set out in note 23 to the            FIVE YEARS’ FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     financial statements on pages 199 to 201 of this Annual
     Report.                                                           The five years’ financial summary of the Group is set out on
                                                                       pages 212 and 213 of this Annual Report.
     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF
     THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES                                   GROUP PROPERTIES
     During the year, neither the Company nor any of its               A summary of the Group’s properties is set out on pages
     subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the           214 and 215 of this Annual Report.
     Company’s listed securities.

                                                                       RETIREMENT PLANS
     ARRANGEMENT TO PURCHASE
     SHARES, WARRANTS, OPTIONS                                         The Group’s Hong Kong employees participate either in a
     OR DEBENTURES                                                     defined benefit retirement scheme or a Mandatory Provident
                                                                       Fund scheme. Particulars of these retirement plans are set
     At no time during the year was the Company or any of              out in note 16 to the financial statements on pages 183 to
     its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the         189 of this Annual Report.
     directors, chief executive of the Company or any of their
     spouses or children under eighteen years of age to acquire
     benefits by means of the acquisition of shares, options,
     debentures or warrants of the Company or any other body
     corporate.




28   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

Pursuant to the transactions and arrangements entered into by the Group with persons who are connected persons for the
purposes of the Listing Rules, the Group recorded the transactions as described in note 26 to the financial statements on
pages 206 to 209 of this Annual Report.

Connected Transactions/Continuing Connected Transactions

For the year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this Annual Report, the Company and/or its subsidiaries have
been entered into certain connected transactions/continuing connected transactions, with details below, which were subject
to reporting and announcement requirements but were exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement
under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:

  Date            Connected Persons                   Transactions

  9 June 2022     Shahdan Limited (“Shahdan”),        Shahdan as landlord and Century Time Holdings Limited (“Century
                  a wholly-owned subsidiary of        Time”), a subsidiary of the Company, as tenant entered into
                  Miramar Hotel and Investment        a tenancy agreement dated 9 June 2022 (the “2022 Tenancy
                  Company, Limited (and an            Agreement”) in respect of the leasing of Unit Nos. 901–04 & 18 on
                  associate (as defined in the        9th Floor of Mira Place Tower A, 132 Nathan Road, Tsimshatsui,
                  Listing Rules) of Henderson         Kowloon, Hong Kong (“Premises 1”) for a term of three years from
                  Land Development Company            10 June 2022 to 9 June 2025 at a monthly rental (exclusive of
                  Limited (“HLD”))                    management fee, air-conditioning charges and Government rates)
                                                      together with other ancillary charges.

                                                      In accordance with the applicable HKFRS Accounting Standards,
                                                      the Group recognised the rent payable under the 2022 Tenancy
                                                      Agreement (being fixed payments) as an acquisition of right-of-use
                                                      asset of capital in nature taking into account the carrying amount
                                                      of such right-of-use asset, i.e. approximately HK$16,730,000
                                                      recognised by the Group during the year ended 31 December
                                                      2022, having been measured on the basis of the discounted
                                                      present value of the fixed rent payable by the Group under the
                                                      2022 Tenancy Agreement. Such acquisition of right-of-use asset
                                                      constituted a one-off connected transaction of the Company
                                                      under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The management fees
                                                      and air-conditioning charges payable by the Group to Shahdan
                                                      (being variable payments) are being recognised as expenses in
                                                      the Group’s profit and loss accounts in the periods in which they
                                                      are incurred, and the payment of such expenses is regarded as
                                                      continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter
                                                      14A.31 of the Listing Rules.

                                                      The aggregate management fees and air-conditioning charges
                                                      (exclusive of Government rates) payable under the 2022 Tenancy
                                                      Agreement are subject to the annual cap of HK$800,000 for the
                                                      period from 1 January 2025 to 9 June 2025. The term of the
                                                      tenancy under the 2022 Tenancy Agreement expired on 9 June
                                                      2025.

                                                      Details of the 2022 Tenancy Agreement and the annual caps were
                                                      set out in the announcement of the Company dated 9 June 2022.



                                                           Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   29
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)




     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Connected Transactions/Continuing Connected Transactions (Continued)

       Date             Connected Persons                   Transactions


       6 June 2025      Shahdan                             Shahdan as licensor and Century Time, a non-wholly-owned
                                                            subsidiary of the Company owned as to 85% by the Company, as
                                                            licensee, entered into a license agreement dated 24 January 2025
                                                            (the “License Agreement”) for the granting of a license by Shahdan
                                                            to Century Time to use and occupy of Unit No. 905 on 9th Floor
                                                            of Mira Place Tower A, 132 Nathan Road, Tsimshatsui, Kowloon,
                                                            Hong Kong (“Premises 2”) for a period of six months from
                                                            10 March 2025 to 9 September 2025 (both days inclusive) at a
                                                            monthly license fee (exclusive of management fee, air-conditioning
                                                            charges, Government rates and other outgoings) payable by
                                                            Century Time.

                                                            Shahdan as landlord and Century Time as tenant entered into a
                                                            tenancy agreement dated 6 June 2025 (the “Tenancy Agreement”)
                                                            for the leasing by Shahdan to Century Time of (1) Premises 1 for
                                                            a term of three years from 10 June 2025 to 9 June 2028 (both
                                                            days inclusive); and (2) Premises 2 for a term of two years and
                                                            nine months from 10 September 2025 to 9 June 2028 (both days
                                                            inclusive) at a monthly rental (exclusive of management fee,
                                                            air-conditioning charges and Government rates) together with
                                                            other ancillary charges payable by Century Time.

                                                            In accordance with the applicable HKFRS Accounting Standards,
                                                            the Group recognised the rent payable under the Tenancy
                                                            Agreement (being fixed payments) as acquisition of right-of-use
                                                            assets of capital nature taking into account the carrying amount
                                                            of such right-of-use assets, i.e. HK$20,954,000, which has been
                                                            initially measured on the basis of the discounted present value of
                                                            the fixed rent payable by the Group under the Tenancy Agreement.
                                                            Such acquisition of right-of-use assets constituted a one-off
                                                            connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the
                                                            Listing Rules.




30   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Connected Transactions/Continuing Connected Transactions (Continued)

 Date            Connected Persons   Transactions


 6 June 2025     Shahdan             The management fees and air-conditioning charges paid/to be
   (Continued)                       paid by Century Time to Shahdan (being variable payments)
                                     under the Tenancy Agreement and the License Agreement were/
                                     will be recognised as expenses in profit or loss by the Group in
                                     the periods in which they were/are incurred, and the payment of
                                     such expenses was/will be regarded as continuing connected
                                     transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing
                                     Rules. For the License Agreement, having considered the license is
                                     short term in nature, the license fee under the License Agreement
                                     is exempt from capitalisation under the applicable HKFRS
                                     Accounting Standards and recognised as expenses in profit or
                                     loss by the Group.

                                     The aggregate management fees and air-conditioning charges
                                     (exclusive of Government rates) payable under the Tenancy
                                     Agreement and the License Agreement are subject to the annual
                                     cap of HK$1,100,000 for the period from 10 March 2025 to
                                     31 December 2025.

                                     Details of the Tenancy Agreement and the License Agreement
                                     and the annual caps were set out in the announcement of the
                                     Company dated 6 June 2025.




                                         Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   31
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)




     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Connected Transactions/Continuing Connected Transactions (Continued)

       Date             Connected Persons                     Transactions


       10 June 2022     Henderson Property Agency             World Fame Shipping Limited (“World Fame”), a wholly-owned
                        Limited (“HPAL”), an indirect         subsidiary of the Company, and HPAL entered into a sales
                        wholly-owned subsidiary of HLD        management agreement dated 10 June 2022 (the “Sales
                                                              Management Agreement”) for the appointment of HPAL as the
                                                              sales manager to provide project sales and marketing services in
                                                              respect of the comprehensively planned development of a site at
                                                              The Remaining Portion of New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6559 held
                                                              by Urban Renewal Authority as the owner and World Fame as the
                                                              developer (the “Proposed Development”) for a term of three years
                                                              commencing from the date of the first initial sale of any residential
                                                              units of the Proposed Development at a sales fee equivalent to
                                                              0.5% of the gross proceeds of sale of such units (but excluding
                                                              those sale and purchase agreements which were effected by third
                                                              party sales agent(s)), subject to the annual cap of HK$1,000,000
                                                              for the period from 1 January 2025 to 31 May 2025. The Sales
                                                              Management Agreement expired on 31 May 2025.

                                                              Details of the Sales Management Agreement and the annual caps
                                                              were set out in the announcement of the Company dated 10 June
                                                              2022.


     Details of the above connected transactions/continuing            or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with
     connected transactions are set out in note 26 to the financial    reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on
     statements on pages 206 to 209 of this Annual Report.             Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong
                                                                       Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
     The Independent Non-executive Directors of the Company            Public Accountants. The auditor has issued their unqualified
     have reviewed and confirmed that the above connected              letter containing the auditor’s findings and conclusions in
     transactions/continuing connected transactions for the            respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed
     year ended 31 December 2025 have been entered into                by the Group on pages 29 to 32 of this Report of the
     (i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;    Directors in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing
     (ii) on normal commercial terms; and (iii) in accordance with     Rules.
     the relevant agreements governing such transactions on
     terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the    The Company’s auditor have also confirmed to the Board
     shareholders of the Company as a whole.                           in writing that the above connected transactions/continuing
                                                                       connected transactions for the year ended 31 December
     The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the                2025 (i) have received the approval of the Board; (ii)
     Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance           have been entered into in accordance with the relevant
     with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements                  agreements governing the transactions; and (iii) have not
     3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other than Audits           exceeded the cap disclosed in the previous announcements.




32   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (Continued)




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE                                                AUDITOR

The Company is committed to maintaining high standard               KPMG retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for
of the corporate governance. Information on the corporate           re-appointment. A resolution for the re-appointment of
governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in           KPMG as auditor of the Company is to be proposed at the
the Corporate Governance Report on pages 34 to 54 of this           2026 annual general meeting.
Annual Report.


AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                                    On behalf of the Board
The Audit Committee has reviewed the audited financial
statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December
2025 and discussed with internal audit department and
independent external auditor in respect of matters on
auditing, internal control and financial reports of the Group.


PUBLIC FLOAT

As at the date of this Report of the Directors, the Company         Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin          Li Ning
has complied with the requirement in Rule 13.32B of the             Chairman                       Director
Listing Rules to maintain a minimum public float of 25%,
based on the information that is publicly available to the          Hong Kong, 19 March 2026
Company and within the knowledge of the Directors.




                                                                 Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   33
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES                                    The three principles of “Love Hong Kong”, “Love Victoria
                                                                       Harbour” and “Care for the Community” are embedded
     The Company is committed to maintaining high standard             in the corporate culture of the Group. As a responsible
     of corporate governance. The Board of Directors of                corporate citizen, the Group provides a helping hand to
     the Company (the “Board”) is devoted to the ongoing               the needy through participating in various charity events.
     enhancement of the corporate governance practices of              It makes use of its unique resources to give back to the
     the Company as the Board believes that good corporate             community and create long-term value for Hong Kong.
     governance practices are fundamental to the effective
     operation of a company and enhancement of shareholders’           BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     value as a whole.
                                                                       Responsibility and Delegation
     In the opinion of the Board, the Company had complied with
     the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the         The Board is primarily responsible for considering and
     “Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing          deciding on matters covering overall Group strategies,
     the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong           business and investment plans, major acquisitions and
     Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) throughout the year ended      disposals, annual financial budgets, approval of annual
     31 December 2025. The Board shall review and update its           reports and interim reports, announcements of annual
     corporate governance practices from time to time to ensure        results and interim results, dividend policy and payments,
     its continuous compliance with the Code.                          appointment of directors, oversight of management and
                                                                       evaluation of the effectiveness of the risk management and
     CORPORATE CULTURE AND STRATEGY                                    internal control systems of the Group including the adequacy
                                                                       of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training
     With a commitment to maintaining rigorous standards of            programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting,
     ethics and governance, the Board cultivates and fosters a         internal audit, financial reporting functions as well as those
     corporate culture of integrity, growth, care and collaboration    relating to the Company’s environmental, social and
     across all levels and in all aspects of operations, as befits     governance (“ESG”) performance and reporting, approval of
     the Group’s core values.                                          major capital transactions and other significant operational
                                                                       and financial matters.
     The Board defines, promotes and oversees such culture
     by ensuring its alignment and consistency with the Group’s        The functions reserved to the Board are basically provided
     business objectives, corporate strategies and future              by the articles of association of the Company (the “Articles of
     direction. The Group’s corporate culture is manifested in and     Association”) and the Board will from time to time delegate
     reflected by a broad range of Group-wide policies, practices      the functions to the management whenever required.
     and procedures, including those relating to governance and        The management of the Company is responsible for the
     compliance, whistleblowing, equal opportunity and diversity,      day-to-day operations of the Company and implementation
     employee welfare and benefits, and corporate social               of strategies adopted by the Board.
     responsibility. Collectively, these established processes
     shape, sustain and drive the Group’s corporate culture.           The Board focuses its attention on matters affecting the
                                                                       Company’s long-term objectives, plans for achieving these
     The Company has been serving Hong Kong for over a                 objectives, the Group’s overall business and commercial
     century. Whether it is the Group’s ferry and shipyard             strategy as well as overall policies and guidelines.
     businesses, its real estate development or medical,
     healthcare and beauty services, the Group upholds the             The Board has established Board Committees with written
     concept of “Putting People First”. The Group is committed         terms of references to assist in the efficient implementation
     to social development, giving back to the local community         of its functions, namely the Audit Committee, the
     and setting sail together with the people of Hong Kong.           Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.
                                                                       Specific responsibilities have been delegated to the above
                                                                       Board Committees.




34   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)                                      BOARD COMPOSITION

Responsibility and Delegation (Continued)                           The Board currently comprises eight Directors including
                                                                    three Executive Directors, one Non-executive Director and
Board meetings are held regularly four times a year and             four Independent Non-executive Directors. The Directors of
additional meetings will be held if necessary and when              the Company during the financial year and up to the date of
                                                                    this report were:
required to discuss significant matters or important issues.
In order to meet tight time constraints and make timely             Executive Directors
decision for the Company’s policies and businesses, Board
approvals have also been sought by circulation of resolutions       Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin (Chairman of the Board)
in writing from time to time in accordance with the Articles        Mr. Li Ning
of Association. Directors’ attendance by electronic means           Mr. Lee Gabriel (Group General Manager)
including telephone conferencing is counted as attendance
at a physical Board meeting. The Company Secretary shall            Non-executive Director
attend all regular Board meetings and additional meetings to
advise on statutory compliance and corporate governance,            Mr. Au Siu Kee, Alexander
when necessary.
                                                                    Independent Non-executive Directors
According to the current Board practice, if a substantial
                                                                    Mr. Ho Hau Chong, Norman
shareholder or a Director has a conflict of interest in a
                                                                    Ms. Wong Yu Pok, Marina
matter to be considered by the Board which the Board has            Mr. Wu King Cheong
determined to be material, the matter cannot be dealt with          Mr. Chan Wai Yan, Ronald
by a written resolution of the Board but will be dealt with by
the Board at a duly convened Board meeting.                         The change to the composition of the Board during the year
                                                                    and up to the date of this Annual Report was as follows:
All Directors have been provided, on a monthly basis,
with the Group’s management information updates,                    Mr. Lau Yum Chuen, Eddie retired as a Non-executive
                                                                    Director of the Company with effect from the conclusion of
balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s
                                                                    the annual general meeting held on 30 May 2025.
performance, position and budget in order to keep them
abreast of the Group’s affairs and facilitate them to               Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, the changes
discharge their duties under the relevant requirements of the       in information of Director of the Company, as notified to the
Listing Rules.                                                      Company, subsequent to the date of the Interim Report
                                                                    2025 and up to the date of this report required to be
The Board has adopted effective mechanisms and                      disclosed are as follows:
conducted review of such mechanisms on an annual basis
to ensure independent views and input are available to              Mr. Chan Wai Yan, Ronald
the Board. Subject to the approval of the Chairman of the
                                                                    (a)   has been a member of the Public Shareholders Group
Board, Directors may seek, at the Company’s expense,
                                                                          of the Securities and Futures Commission since
independent legal, financial or other professional advices as             14 February 2023.
and when necessary in appropriate circumstances to enable
them to discharge their responsibilities effectively.               (b)   has been a member of SFC (HKEC Listing) Committee
                                                                          since 1 April 2023.
There is no equity-based remuneration with performance-
related elements to Independent Non-executive Directors             (c)   has been a member of the Board of Directors of the
as this may lead to bias in their decision-making and                     Financial Services Development Council (“FSDC”)
                                                                          since 17 January 2024.
compromise their objectivity and independence.
                                                                    (d)   has been a member of the Board of Directors of the
During the year, the Chairman, even though he is an
                                                                          Hong Kong Academy for Wealth Legacy of FSDC
Executive Director, held a meeting with all Independent                   since 17 January 2026.
Non-executive Directors without the presence of the other
two Executive Directors.

                                                                 Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025    35
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     BOARD COMPOSITION (Continued)                                     GENDER DIVERSITY

     The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the      The Company has met gender diversity with the female
     section headed “Directors’ and Senior Management’s                representation in its Board. As at the date of this Annual
     Profile” on pages 3 to 8 of this Annual Report. A list of         Report, the Board has one female Director, the gender
     the Directors and their role and function is available on         diversity has been achieved in respect of the Board. The
     the Company’s website (www.hkf.com) (the “Company’s               percentages of male Directors and female Director are
     website”) and HKEXnews website (www.hkexnews.hk) (the             approximately 89% and 11% respectively. The Board
     “HKEXnews website”) respectively.                                 will take opportunities to increase the proportion of
                                                                       female members over time when selecting and making
     Mr. Li Ning is deemed as having substantial interests in the      recommendation on suitable candidates for Board
     total number of the issued shares of the Company under            appointment.
     Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”).
     Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin is an executive director of Henderson       As at 31 December 2025, as set out in the section headed
     Land Development Company Limited (“HLD”). Mr. Wu King             “Performance Data Summary” contained in ESG Report on
     Cheong and Mr. Au Siu Kee, Alexander are independent              pages 112 to 115 of this Annual Report, among the 302
     non-executive directors of HLD. HLD has discloseable              employees (including senior management) of the Group,
     interests in the Company under the provisions of the SFO.         the percentages of male employees and female employees
                                                                       are approximately 61% and 39% respectively. The Board
     Save as disclosed above, there is no financial, business,
                                                                       considers that the Group’s workforce (including senior
     family or other material or relevant relationship among the
                                                                       management) is diverse in terms of gender.
     Directors.

                                                                       NOMINATION POLICY
     BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
                                                                       The Board approved and adopted the Nomination Policy in
     The Board approved and adopted the Board Diversity
                                                                       December 2018 for identifying and evaluating candidates for
     Policy setting out the approach to achieve diversity on
                                                                       nomination to the Board. The Nomination Policy aims to set
     the Board in August 2013 and revised the Board Diversity
                                                                       out the principles which guide the Nomination Committee
     Policy in December 2018. The Nomination Committee of
                                                                       to identify and evaluate a candidate for nomination to (i) the
     the Company has considered measurable objectives mainly
                                                                       Board for appointment or (ii) shareholders of the Company
     on gender, age, professional experience and ethnicity
                                                                       for election as a director of the Company. The Nomination
     to implement the Board Diversity Policy. The Company
                                                                       Committee will also take into account the Board Diversity
     recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse
                                                                       Policy and the Nomination Policy when identifying suitably
     Board to enhance the quality of its performance. The
                                                                       qualified candidates for the Board and would review the
     selection and recommendation of candidates will be based
                                                                       Policies regularly to ensure their continuing effectiveness.
     on the nomination procedures, process and criteria adopted
                                                                       The Nomination Policy sets out the criteria and procedures
     by the Board and a range of diversity perspectives, which
                                                                       in making nominations, including but not limited to, skills,
     would include but not be limited to gender, age, cultural and
                                                                       experience and professional expertise; diversity; commitment
     educational background, professional experience, skills,
                                                                       and standing. When the candidate to be nominated as an
     knowledge and length of service. The ultimate decision
                                                                       independent non-executive director, he/she must satisfy
     will be based on merit and contribution that the selected
                                                                       the independence criteria set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing
     candidates will bring to the Board.
                                                                       Rules. The Nomination Policy can be found and accessible
     The Board is satisfied that its composition is appropriate        on the Company’s website.
     considering the skills, experience and attributes of the
     Directors. The Nomination Committee will monitor the
     implementation of the Board Diversity Policy and review
     the Board Diversity Policy annually to ensure its continued
     effectiveness. The Board Diversity Policy can be found and
     accessible on the Company’s website.


36   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF                                        The procedures for shareholders of the Company to
DIRECTORS                                                             propose a person for election as a Director are available and
                                                                      accessible on the Company’s website and on the section
The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing                 headed “Procedures for Shareholders to Propose a Person
the structure, size, diversity and composition of the Board,          for Election as a Director” in this Corporate Governance
identifying and nominating suitable candidates to the Board,          Report on page 54 of this Annual Report.
and making recommendations on any matters in relation
to the appointment or re-appointment of members of the                CHAIRMAN AND GROUP GENERAL
Board. Appointment of new Directors is reserved for the               MANAGER
Board’s approval.
                                                                      The roles of the Chairman of the Board and the Group
The Nomination Committee ensures that the Board                       General Manager of the Company are taken by two separate
comprises members with mixed skills and experience                    individuals who are not related to each other. The separation
with appropriate knowledge necessary to accomplish the                of the roles of the Chairman and the Group General
Group’s business development, strategies, operation,                  Manager enables a clear division of responsibilities between
challenges and opportunities. The Nomination Committee                the Chairman of the Board and the Group General Manager
takes into account the person’s skills, qualifications and            and also provides checks and balances.
expected contributions to the Company before making
any recommendations to the Board in relation to the                   The role of the Chairman of the Board is taken by Dr. Lam
appointment or re-appointment of members of the Board.                Ko Yin, Colin while the role of the Group General Manager
                                                                      (whose status is equivalent to chief executive officer for the
All Directors have formal letters of appointment setting              purpose of the Code but not otherwise) is taken by Mr. Lee
out the key terms of their appointments. According to the             Gabriel, who was appointed as an Executive Director of the
Articles of Association, any Director newly appointed by              Company with effect from 3 January 2023. The key function
the Board shall hold office until the next following general          of the Chairman is the management of the Board whereas
meeting of the Company (in case of filling a casual vacancy)          the key function of the Group General Manager is the
or until the next following annual general meeting (in case           day-to-day management of the Company’s business.
of an addition to the Board) and shall then be eligible for
re-election at that general meeting/annual general meeting.           NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The appointment of independent non-executive directors                The Company has complied with the requirements under
adheres to the guidelines for assessing independence as set           Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules of having
out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.                                four Independent Non-executive Directors, representing
                                                                      more than one-third of the Board. Two of the Independent
In accordance with the Articles of Association, no Director           Non-executive Directors have the appropriate professional
shall hold office for a continuous period in excess of three          qualifications or accounting or related financial management
years, or past the third annual general meeting, following            expertise as required by Rule 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules.
the Director’s appointment or re-election, whichever is
the longer, without submitting for re-election at an annual           All Non-executive Directors including all Independent
general meeting of the Company.                                       Non-executive Directors are eligible for re-appointment
                                                                      and subject to re-election on retirement by rotation in
In addition, at each annual general meeting, one-third of the         accordance with the Articles of Association.
Directors for the time being or, if their number is not three or
a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than
one-third, shall retire from office provided that every Director
shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every
three years.




                                                                   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025     37
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE                                      The Nomination Committee and the Board also noted that
                                                                       Mr. Wu King Cheong is an independent non-executive
     All Independent Non-executive Directors have been                 director of each of HLD, Henderson Investment Limited
     identified in all corporate communications that disclosed the     (“Henderson Investment”) and Miramar, and does not
     names of Directors. The independence of each Independent          take part in the day-to-day management of the aforesaid
     Non-executive Director is assessed based on the                   companies. In view of Mr. Wu’s independent scope of
     independence criteria under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.       works in the past years, the Board considers Mr. Wu to be
     The Nomination Committee assessed the independence of             independent under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules despite
     all Independent Non-executive Directors having regard to the      he has served as a common director of HLD, Henderson
     annual independence confirmation in respect of Rule 3.13 of       Investment and Miramar. Also, Mr. Wu has not engaged in
     the Listing Rules received from each of Mr. Ho Hau Chong,         any executive management of the Group. Save as aforesaid,
     Norman, Ms. Wong Yu Pok, Marina, Mr. Wu King Cheong               Mr. Wu has complied with other conditions as set out in
     and Mr. Chan Wai Yan, Ronald and considered all of them           Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.
     met the guidelines for assessment of their independence as
     set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.                        The Board has not been aware of the occurrence of
                                                                       any events which would cause it to believe that their
     The Nomination Committee and the Board noted that                 independence has been impaired.
     Mr. Ho Hau Chong, Norman is an executive director of
     Miramar Hotel and Investment Company, Limited (“Miramar”)         DIRECTORS’ INDUCTION AND
     and a director of Wealth Team Development Limited                 CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL
     (“Wealth Team”), which is an indirect subsidiary of HLD.          DEVELOPMENT
     Mr. Ho also has an indirect beneficial interest of 9.9% in all
     issued share capital of Wealth Team, but is not involved in       On appointment to the Board, each Director receives
     the management and operations of Wealth Team. Miramar,            comprehensive induction covering business operations,
     Wealth Team and HLD are connected persons of the                  policies and procedures of the Company as well as the
     Company under the Listing Rules. In view of the fact that         general, statutory and regulatory obligations of being a
     (i) Mr. Ho is not involved in the management and operations       Director to ensure that he/she is sufficiently aware of his/her
     of Wealth Team; (ii) Mr. Ho does not have any material            responsibilities under the Listing Rules and other relevant
     interests in any principal business activity of and is not        regulatory requirements.
     involved in any material business dealings with the Company,
     or any of its subsidiaries or any core connected persons (as      Each newly appointed Director would be provided an
     defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company, and (iii) both      induction package. He or she would also receive a briefing
     the management and the operations of Miramar together             on his or her responsibilities under the declaration and
     with its subsidiaries and the Group are totally independent       undertaking with regard to directors from an external lawyer.
     from each other, the Board in good faith considers that the
     independence of Mr. Ho as an Independent Non-executive            The Directors are regularly briefed on the amendments
     Director of the Company is not in any way affected by his         to or updates on the relevant laws, rules and regulations.
     directorships in both Miramar and Wealth Team. Save as            In addition, the Company encourages the Directors and
     aforesaid, Mr. Ho has complied with other conditions as set       senior management to enroll in a wide range of professional
     out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.                            development courses and seminars relating to the Listing
                                                                       Rules, the Companies Ordinance, Chapter 622 of the Laws
                                                                       of Hong Kong (the “Companies Ordinance”) and corporate
                                                                       governance practices organised by professional bodies
                                                                       and institutions in Hong Kong so that they can continuously
                                                                       update and further improve their relevant knowledge and
                                                                       skills.




38   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




DIRECTORS’ INDUCTION AND                                             DIRECTORS’ AND OFFICERS’
CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL                                              INSURANCE
DEVELOPMENT (Continued)
                                                                     The Company has arranged appropriate directors’ and
From time to time, the Group organises and arranges                  officers’ liability insurance coverage for the Directors and
various kinds of trainings on the latest development of              officers of the Group.
applicable laws, the Listing Rules and other applicable
regulatory requirements for the Directors to ensure                  BOARD COMMITTEES
compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate
governance practices as well as assist them in discharging           The Board has established three Board committees, namely,
their duties. The Directors are also provided with written           the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the
reading materials to develop and refresh their professional          Nomination Committee to oversee particular aspects of the
skills. During the year, the Group provided trainings on the         Company’s affairs. Each committee has been delegated
topics of corporate governance, anti-corruption, new climate         with certain functions of the Board.
requirements and sustainability disclosures in Hong Kong to
the Directors.                                                       Audit Committee

According to the records maintained by the Company, the              The Audit Committee of the Company has been established
                                                                     with written terms of reference setting out duties,
Directors received the following training(s) in order to comply
                                                                     responsibilities and authorities delegated to them by the
with the requirements of the Code regarding the training
                                                                     Board. The Audit Committee comprises four Independent
records receiving on continuous professional development
                                                                     Non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Ho Hau Chong,
for the year ended 31 December 2025:
                                                                     Norman (Chairman of the Audit Committee), Ms. Wong Yu
                                                                     Pok, Marina, Mr. Wu King Cheong and Mr. Chan Wai Yan,
                               Type of trainings relevant to
                                                                     Ronald.
                                    corporate governance,
                                 regulatory updates and/or           The terms of reference of the Audit Committee is available
                                             anti-corruption         on the Company’s website and HKEXnews website
     Board of Directors                   and sustainability         respectively.

     Executive Directors                                             The major duties and responsibilities of the Audit Committee
                                                                     are to review the annual and interim results and oversee
     Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin (Chairman of the Board)      A, B         the Company’s financial reporting principles and practices
     Mr. Li Ning                                        A, B         and discuss with the external auditor on financial reporting
     Mr. Lee Gabriel (Group General Manager)            A, B         and compliance; to recommend the appointment,
                                                                     re-appointment or removal of the external auditor, to determine
                                                                     their independence and objectivity as well as to review the
     Non-executive Director
                                                                     scope of audit and the reporting obligation of the external
                                                                     auditor, to review the representation letter and engagement
     Mr. Au Siu Kee, Alexander                          A, B
                                                                     letter of the external auditor. The Audit Committee oversaw
                                                                     the effectiveness of risk management and internal control
     Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                                     systems of the Group including the adequacy of resources,
                                                                     staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and
     Mr. Ho Hau Chong, Norman                           A, B
                                                                     budget of the accounting, internal audit, financial reporting
     Ms. Wong Yu Pok, Marina                            A, B         functions, as well as the Company’s ESG performance and
     Mr. Wu King Cheong                                 A, B         reporting matters. The external auditor was invited to attend
     Mr. Chan Wai Yan, Ronald                           A, B         the meetings of the Audit Committee to present their reports
                                                                     and reviews for the interim and annual results of the Group.
A:       attending seminars and/or presentations                     The Audit Committee has been delegated the corporate
B:      reading materials                                            governance functions by the Board to review and monitor
                                                                     the corporate compliance within the Group.


                                                                  Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025      39
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)                                      The Remuneration Committee has adopted the operation
                                                                       model where it performs to make recommendations to
     Audit Committee (Continued)                                       the Board on the Company’s policies and structure for all
                                                                       Directors’ and senior management’s emolument and on
     During the year, two Audit Committee meetings were                the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for
     held. During the meetings, the Audit Committee members            developing emolument policy. No Director takes part in any
     reviewed the annual results and the financial statements for      discussion on his/her own remuneration.
     the year ended 31 December 2024 with recommendation to
     the Board for approval, the Annual Internal Audit Report, the     The Remuneration Committee is responsible for reviewing
     continuous professional development training records of the       the policies and structure for the emolument of all Directors
     Directors and senior management, Continuing Connected             and senior management of the Company, assessing
     Transactions, a review of the adequacy of resources, staff        performance of the Executive Directors and establishment of
     qualifications and experience, training programmes and            a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies
     budget of the Company’s accounting, internal audit and            on such emolument.
     financial reporting functions as well as the Company’s ESG
     performance (including ESG risks) and reporting matters,          The emolument of the Directors and senior management
     the interim results for the six months ended 30 June              are determined by reference to the skills, knowledge and
     2025 and the Interim Internal Audit Report, approved the          the tasks assigned and also to the individual performance,
     representation letters and the terms of engagement of the         the overall profitability and corporate goals and objectives
     external auditor, the works of the Company’s internal audit       of the Company as a whole. In determining the emolument
     department, assessed the effectiveness of the Group’s             package, the Remuneration Committee will also obtain
     systems of risk management and internal control.                  relevant information from external source and consider
                                                                       factors such as salaries paid by comparable companies,
     The Audit Committee performed the corporate governance            time commitment and responsibilities of the Directors, etc.
     duties by reviewing the compliance with the Code and
     disclosure requirements as set out in this Corporate              During the year, one Remuneration Committee meeting was
     Governance Report.                                                held. During the meeting, the Remuneration Committee
                                                                       members reviewed and determined the emolument
     Remuneration Committee                                            package of the staff including the senior management of the
                                                                       Company and made recommendations on the fees of all the
     The Remuneration Committee of the Company has been                Directors of the Company for the year ended 31 December
     established with written terms of reference setting out           2025.
     duties, responsibilities and authorities delegated to them by
     the Board. The Remuneration Committee comprises three             Particulars of the Directors’ and Chief Executive’s
     Independent Non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Wu King          emoluments disclosed pursuant to the Companies
     Cheong (Chairman of the Remuneration Committee), Mr.              Ordinance and Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules are set out
     Ho Hau Chong, Norman and Ms. Wong Yu Pok, Marina and              in note 7 to the financial statements on page 168 of this
     two Executive Directors namely Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin and          Annual Report while the details of the emoluments of the five
     Mr. Li Ning.                                                      highest paid individuals and senior management analysed
                                                                       by band are set out in note 8 to the financial statements on
     The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee is           page 169 of this Annual Report.
     available on the Company’s website and HKEXnews website
     respectively.




40   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)                                         During the year, one Nomination Committee meeting was
                                                                     held. During the meeting, the Nomination Committee
Nomination Committee                                                 members reviewed the structure, size, diversity and
                                                                     composition (including the skills, knowledge, experience and
The Nomination Committee has been established with                   length of service) of the Board, reviewed the Independent
written terms of reference setting out duties, responsibilities      Non-executive Directors’ annual confirmations on their
and authorities delegated to them by the Board. The                  independence; reviewed the time required for a Director to
Nomination Committee comprises two Executive Directors               perform his/her responsibilities; assessed the independence
namely Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin (Chairman of the Nomination             status of current Independent Non-executive Directors who
Committee) and Mr. Li Ning and three Independent                     have served on the Board for more than nine years; made
Non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Ho Hau Chong,                   recommendations to the Board for re-election of the retiring
Norman, Ms. Wong Yu Pok, Marina and Mr. Wu King                      Directors at the annual general meeting of the Company held
Cheong.                                                              on 30 May 2025. The Nomination Committee also reviewed
                                                                     the biographies of those retiring Directors and taking into
The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are               consideration their knowledge, experience, capability and
available on the Company’s website and HKEXnews website              various diversity aspects as set out in the Board Diversity
respectively.                                                        Policy as well as their contributions to the Company over
                                                                     the years. The Nomination Committee is of the view that the
The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing                retiring Directors would continue to contribute to the Board
the structure, size, diversity and composition (including the        with their respective perspectives, skills and experience.
skills, knowledge, experience and length of service) of the
Board at least annually and making recommendations on                The Nomination Committee members also reviewed the
any proposed changes to the Board to complement the                  Board Diversity Policy and the Nomination Policy remained
Company’s corporate strategies, with due regards to the              relevant and no revision was required.
Board Diversity Policy. It also identifies individuals suitably
qualified to become the Board members and selects or                 Mr. Ho Hau Chong, Norman, who has been appointed as
makes recommendations to the Board on the selection of               an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company
individuals to be nominated for directorships, assesses the          since March 1995, has served as an Independent
independence of Independent Non-executive Directors, and             Non-executive Director for more than nine years. Mr. Ho is
makes recommendations to the Board on the appointment                also the Chairman of the Audit Committee, a member of the
or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for           Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee
Directors, in particular the Chairman and the Group General          of the Company. Despite Mr. Ho has other directorships
Manager. The Nomination Committee shall consider the                 as mentioned in the section headed “Confirmation of
candidate from a wide range of backgrounds, his/her merits           Independence” in this Corporate Governance Report
and against objective criteria set out by the Board and take         on page 38 of this Annual Report, he does not have
into consideration of his/her time devoted to the position.          any management role in the Company. The Nomination
                                                                     Committee considered that Mr. Ho has continuously
                                                                     contributed to the Company and the Board with his relevant
                                                                     experience and knowledge throughout his years of service.




                                                                  Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   41
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)                                       Each of Mr. Ho, Mr. Wu and Ms. Wong has served the
                                                                        Company for more than nine years, during which period
     Nomination Committee (Continued)                                   they have provided objective and independent professional
                                                                        advice and insight to the Board. They have in-depth
     Mr. Wu King Cheong, who has been appointed as an                   understanding of the Group’s businesses and operation
     Independent Non-executive Director of the Company                  and have also demonstrated strong independence by
     since January 2005, has served as Independent                      providing impartial views and comments at Board and Board
     Non-executive Director for more than nine years. Mr. Wu is also    committee meetings during their tenure of office and they
     the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee, a member               remain committed to their independent roles. They have not
     of the Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee                taken part in the day-to-day management of the Company.
     of the Company. Despite Mr. Wu has other directorships             The Nomination Committee considered that the long-term
     as mentioned in the section headed “Confirmation of                service of Mr. Ho, Mr. Wu and Ms. Wong will not affect their
     Independence” in this Corporate Governance Report on               exercise of independent judgment and was satisfied that
     page 38 of this Annual Report, he has not engaged in any           each of them has the required integrity and experiences to
     executive management of the Group.                                 continue fulfilling the role of an Independent Non-executive
                                                                        Director.
     The Nomination Committee also noted that Ms. Wong Yu
     Pok, Marina has served as an Independent Non-executive             Save for (i) Mr. Ho is an executive director of Miramar and
     Director of the Company for more than nine years since             a director of Wealth Team and (ii) Mr. Wu is currently an
     May 2008. Ms. Wong is also a member of Audit Committee,            independent non-executive director of HLD, Henderson
     Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee of the             Investment and Miramar, none of them has any financial
     Company. Ms. Wong has met the independence guidelines              or family relationships with any other Directors, senior
     as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and gave an           management, substantial shareholders or controlling
     annual confirmation of her independence to the Company.            shareholders of the Company, which could give rise to a
     Notwithstanding her long-term service, given her extensive         conflict of interests situation or otherwise affect their exercise
     commercial and financial experiences, the Nomination               of independent judgement. The Nomination Committee
     Committee and the Board are of the opinion that she                believes that they remain committed to their role as an
     continues to bring independent and objective perspectives          Independent Non-executive Director of the Company and
     to the Company’s affairs and provides valuable insights            will continue to be independent.
     to the management. The Nomination Committee also
     considered that Ms. Wong has continuously contributed to
     the Company and the Board with her relevant experience
     and knowledge throughout her years of service.




42   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)

Nomination Committee (Continued)

The current composition of the Board provides a diversity of skills, gender, experience, and knowledge to the Company.
The diversity profile of the Board as at 19 March 2026 is as follows:


BOARD DIVERSITY

Number of Directors: 8


Gender                                                              Male                                                       Female

                                                               7 Directors                                                    1 Director
                                                              Non-executive                       Independent Non-executive
Designation                   Executive Directors
                                                                Director                                  Directors
                                  3 Directors                    1 Director                              4 Directors
Ethnicity                                                                  Chinese

                                                                         8 Directors

Age Group                     41-60                         61-70                                           > 70

                           2 Directors                   2 Directors                                     4 Directors

Board Tenure               0-10 years                                    11-30 years                                   > 30 years
                           2 Directors                                   4 Directors                                   2 Directors




                                                          Property            Property
                                                        Development         Investment




                                                  Business         Core              Accounting
                                                 Management      Expertise



                                                       Commercial and        Banking
                                                        Public Service     and Finance




       Note:

         Multiple professional backgrounds and experiences may apply to a Director.




                                                                    Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited         Annual Report 2025   43
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES                                                AUDIT, RISK MANAGEMENT AND
     TRANSACTIONS                                                         INTERNAL CONTROL

     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities                Financial Reporting
     Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
     Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as             The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing
     the code for dealing in securities of the Company by the             the financial statements of the Group for each financial
     Directors of the Company. Having made specific enquiries,            period to give a true and fair view of the financial position
     the Company confirmed that all Directors of the Company              and financial performance of the Group. In preparing the
     had complied with the required standard as set out in the            financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025,
     Model Code throughout their tenure during the year ended             the Directors have selected suitable accounting policies and
     31 December 2025.                                                    applied them consistently, made judgements and estimates
                                                                          that are prudent, fair and reasonable, and have prepared the
     The Company has also adopted written guidelines on                   consolidated financial statements on a going concern basis.
     no less exacting terms than the Model Code for relevant
     employees (including employees of the Company or                     The statement of the Auditor of the Company regarding
     Directors or employees of its subsidiaries, who, because of          their reporting responsibilities on the financial statements of
     such office or employment, are likely to be in possession of         the Group is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on
     unpublished inside information in relation to the Company or         pages 129 to 133 of this Annual Report.
     its securities), in respect of their dealings in the securities of
     the Company in compliance with the code provision of the             Auditor’s Remuneration
     Code.
                                                                          Apart from carrying out the annual audit, KPMG, the Auditor
     POLICY AND PROCEDURES ON                                             of the Company also carried out the review on the interim
     DISCLOSURE OF INSIDE INFORMATION                                     report, report on continuing connected transactions, and
                                                                          agreed-upon procedures on annual results announcement
     The Board has adopted the Policy and Procedures                      of the Company. For the year ended 31 December
     on Disclosure of Inside Information which contains the               2025, annual audit fee included the services of report on
     guidelines to the Directors, officers and relevant employees         continuing connected transactions, and agreed-upon
     of the Company to ensure that the inside information of              procedures on the annual results announcement amounted
     the Company disseminated to public is in an equal and                to HK$1,895,000, whereas the fee for the interim review
     timely manner in accordance with the applicable laws and             amounted to HK$366,000.
     regulations. The Policy and Procedures on Disclosure of
                                                                          Save for the above, KPMG did not provide any other
     Inside Information is available on the Company’s website.
                                                                          non-audit services to the Company.

     COMPANY SECRETARY                                                    Policies for Whistleblowing and
                                                                          Anti-corruption
     Mr. Chow Tung Ming (“Mr. Chow”), the Company Secretary
     of the Company, is a full-time employee of the Group and has         The Company has established a system for employees
     day-to-day knowledge of the Company’s affairs. Mr. Chow              and any person to report concerns about any suspected or
     is a solicitor as defined in the Legal Practitioners Ordinance,      actual improprieties relating to the Group and the relevant
     Chapter 159 of the Laws of Hong Kong, and hence he has               details are set out in the Business Ethics and Code of
     complied with the requisite qualifications pursuant to Rule          Business Conduct Policy. The policy aims at encouraging
     3.28 of the Listing Rules to discharge the functions of the          and enabling any person to report violations or suspected
     Company Secretary and has complied with the relevant                 violations and to raise serious concerns about possible
     professional training requirement under Rule 3.29 of the             improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters
     Listing Rules. During the year, Mr. Chow attended over 15            of the Group by mail to the Chairman of the Whistleblowing
     hours of professional training. The biographical details of Mr.      Committee. The Group will take appropriate actions against
     Chow are set out in the section headed “Directors’ and Senior        such improprieties and, where appropriate, report the cases
     Management’s Profile” on page 8 of this Annual Report.               to the relevant enforcement authorities.

44   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025
                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




AUDIT, RISK MANAGEMENT AND                                          The Internal Audit Department of the Company, which
INTERNAL CONTROL (Continued)                                        reports directly to the Audit Committee and is independent
                                                                    of the Company’s daily operations, is responsible for
Policies for Whistleblowing and                                     conducting regular audits on the areas of financial,
Anti-corruption (Continued)                                         operational and compliance control, and risk management
                                                                    (including ESG risks) functions.
The Whistleblowing Committee, established in 2022 and
consists of three members with majority are independent             The Group has established an organisational structure with
non-executive directors of the Company, oversees                    defined levels of responsibilities and reporting procedures.
a whistleblowing policy and a set of comprehensive                  The Audit Committee supports the Board in design,
procedures whereby the stakeholders, including the                  implementation and monitoring of the risk management
employees, can report any actual or suspected occurrence            and internal control systems. The operating units of the
of improper conduct involving the Company, so that                  Group are responsible for the identification, assessment and
matters could be investigated and dealt with efficiently in an      mitigation of risks at business unit level and across functional
appropriate and transparent manner. The Whistleblowing              areas. The Internal Risk Management Team, composed of
Committee would oversee the investigations and could                nominated department heads and executives, facilitates the
appoint the Internal Audit Manager to conduct investigation,        implementation of the risk management framework. The
where appropriate.                                                  Internal Audit Department assists the Audit Committee in
                                                                    review of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management
Moreover, the Company has adopted the Anti-Corruption               (including ESG risks) and internal control systems on an
and Bribery Policy which provides guidance to our                   ongoing basis. The Directors, through the Audit Committee,
employees on how to recognise and deal with bribery                 are kept regularly apprised of significant risks that may have
and corruption. Every employee has a duty to report any             impacts on the Group’s performance.
potential violations of the policy to the Chairman of the
Whistleblowing Committee through the channels set out               The process of risk management involves:
therein.
                                                                    •       understanding the organisational objectives;
Risk Management and Internal Control
                                                                    •       identifying the risks associated with achieving
The Board acknowledges its responsibility for overseeing the                organisational objectives and assessing the likelihood
risk management and internal control systems of the Group                   and potential impacts of particular risks;
and reviewing the effectiveness at least annually through
the Audit Committee. The systems and internal control can           •       developing programmes to address the identified
only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against                  risks; and
material misstatement or loss, as they are designed to
manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve         •       monitoring and evaluating the risks, internal control
business objectives.                                                        and the arrangements in place to address them on
                                                                            an ongoing basis.




                                                                 Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025      45
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     AUDIT, RISK MANAGEMENT AND                                          The Internal Audit Department collects the risk
     INTERNAL CONTROL (Continued)                                        assessment reports from the operating units of the
                                                                         Group and then compiles a risk register for review
     Risk Management and Internal Control                                at the meetings of Internal Risk Management Team
     (Continued)                                                         which are held at least 3 times a year (2 meetings
                                                                         are held before the holding of the Board Meeting to
     (a)    Approach to Risk Management                                  review the interim and annual results of the Group).
                                                                         The Internal Risk Management Team coordinates
            The risk management of the Group combines a                  risk management activities and assesses the
            top-down strategic view with a complementary                 effectiveness of the related system of internal control
            bottom-up operational process.                               in managing the significant risks, having regard, in
                                                                         particular, to any significant failings or weaknesses in
            The Board, by the top-down approach, particularly            internal control that have been reported.
            focuses on determining the nature and extent of
            significant risks that it is willing to take in achieving    The Internal Audit Department adopted a risk-based
            the strategic objectives of the Group. The Audit             approach which included all identified significant
            Committee supports the Board to review all                   risks in each year’s annual audit plan and performed
            significant risks in order to ensure that the business       audits to evaluate the proper functioning of the
            activities remain within agreed risk appetite                risk management and internal control systems
            tolerances.                                                  for the financial year ended 31 December 2025.
                                                                         It is intended to carry out this evaluation process
            The operating units of the Group are responsible             on an ongoing basis. Key audit findings and
            for identifying their own risks and designing,               recommendations have been shared with the Internal
            implementing and monitoring the relevant risk                Risk Management Team.
            management and internal control systems. The
            setting of business objectives and annual budgeting          The Audit Committee, after reviewing and considering
            is one of their key control activities, which shall be       the risk management findings submitted by the
            refined to take into consideration the risk factors.         Internal Audit Department, reported to the Board of
            The operating units of the Group consult the                 the Company and confirmed to the Board that the
            Group General Manager on setting the business                risk management and internal control systems are
            objectives which are pursuant to the Board’s                 effective and adequate.
            strategic objectives and are consistent with its risk
            appetite. The process involves the maintenance of
            risk assessment reports, setting out particulars of
            material risks together with the control strategies as
            reported by the operating units of the Group.

            This bottom-up approach is embedded in the
            operations of the Group and complements the
            top-down strategic view by identifying the principal risks
            and ensuring the significant risks to be considered by
            the Board in determining the risk appetite.




46   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited     Annual Report 2025
                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




AUDIT, RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (Continued)

Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

(a)      Approach to Risk Management (Continued)

         The diagram below summarises the complementary top-down and bottom-up aspects of the integrated approach of
         the Group to risk management.


                                                                                    The Board

     “Top-down”              •   Has overall responsibility •   Sets strategic objectives •    Monitors the nature and     •   Provides direction on
                                 for the Group’s risk                                          extent of risk exposure         the importance of risk
      Approach                                              •   Reviews the
                                 management and                                                for the Group’s                 management and risk
                                                                effectiveness of
      Oversight,                 internal control systems                                      significant risks               management culture
                                                                the Group’s risk
    identification,                                             management and
  assessment and                                                internal control systems
 mitigation of risk at
   corporate level
                                      Internal Risk
                                                                                  Audit Committee                              Internal Audit
                                  Management Team

                             •   Supports the Audit Committee          •   Supports the Board in                  •      Supports the Audit
                                 in designing, implementing                monitoring risk exposure,                     Committee in reviewing the
                                 and monitoring the Group’s                design and operating                          effectiveness of the Group’s
                                 risk management and internal              effectiveness of the underlying               risk management and internal
                                 control systems                           risk management and internal                  control systems
                                                                           control systems
                             •   Supports the Audit Committee                                                     •      Considers risk assessment
                                 in assessing the Group’s                                                                results, especially for all
                                 risks and mitigating measures                                                           significant risks in annual audit
                                 Company-wide                                                                            planning

                                                                                                                  •      Designs audit program
                                                                                                                         with reference to the risk
                                                                                                                         assessment results
         “Bottom-up”
          Approach                                                                                                •      Reports key audit findings and
        Identification,                                                                                                  recommendations to the Audit
                                                                                                                         Committee and Internal Risk
      assessment and                                                                                                     Management Team
      mitigation of risk
      at business unit
      level and across                                                         Operational Level
      functional areas
                             •   Sets business objectives                                  •   Risk management process and internal control
                                                                                               measures practised across business operations and
                             •   Risk identification, assessment and mitigation
                                                                                               functional areas
                                 performed across the businesses




                                                                    Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited                   Annual Report 2025          47
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     AUDIT, RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (Continued)

     Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

     (b)    Significant Risks and Control/Mitigation

            Certain significant risks had been identified during the year through the process of risk identification and assessment.
            Relevant control strategies and mitigation on identified significant risks had been reported to the Audit Committee.
            The Audit Committee and the Board were not aware of any areas of concern that would have material impact on the
            financial position or results of operations of the Group and considered that the risk management and internal control
            systems were generally effective and adequate. A summary of such significant risks of the Group and the respective
            risk movement together with the relevant internal control measures or mitigation in place is listed below:

              Significant Risks and
              Possible Impacts                            Risk Movement*           Control/Mitigation Measures


              Operational Risk
              The Group faces operational risks
                                                                  →                •      The Group maintains an internal
                                                                                          control framework designed to
              across property investment operation,                                       identify, assess and mitigate operational
              ferry, shipyard and related operations,                                     risks. This includes documented
              medical, healthcare and beauty services                                     policies and procedures, segregation
              business, including process disruptions,                                    of duties, regular employee trainings,
              staffing constraints, equipment downtime                                    occupational health and safety
              and supply-chain interruptions. These                                       protocols, regular safety drills and
              risks may lead to service disruption,                                       contingency planning.
              financial losses, safety incidents, and
              reputational damage impacting business                               •      Our medical aesthetics and
              performance.                                                                specialist centres operate under
                                                                                          clinical protocols, maintain licenses
                                                                                          and certificates required by local
                                                                                          authorities, and conduct regular
                                                                                          inspections of customer care
                                                                                          standards.




48   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




AUDIT, RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (Continued)

Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

(b)   Significant Risks and Control/Mitigation (Continued)

       Significant Risks and
       Possible Impacts                             Risk Movement*       Control/Mitigation Measures


       Compliance and Legal Risk
       The Group’s diversified operation is
                                                          →              •       The Group is committed to complying
                                                                                 with the relevant policies, regulations
       exposed to and subject to extensive                                       and guidelines applicable to its
       government policies and regulations of                                    operations through internal standing
       Hong Kong. Any non-compliance with                                        instructions, staff training, review
       these policies and regulations may cause                                  process, compliance monitoring by
       damage to the Group, affecting its ability                                experienced and professional staff as
       to deliver its primary objectives.                                        well as by consultation with external
                                                                                 experts.


       Cybersecurity Risk
       The Group may suffer loss resulting
                                                          →              •       The Group continues to monitor
                                                                                 and improve risk management in
       from a cyber-attack or data breach by                                     cybersecurity and information
       hackers. These incidents can result in                                    technology development.
       the loss of sensitive information such as
       personal and financial data, leading to                           •       The Group manages the risks by
       reputational damage and financial losses.                                 employing experienced IT personnel
                                                                                 and external professionals to improve
                                                                                 the system controls and cybersecurity.

                                                                         •       Data disaster recovery planning is in
                                                                                 place to solve data loss and recover
                                                                                 system functionality.

                                                                         •       The Group has arranged seminars
                                                                                 and training to enhance staff’s
                                                                                 cybersecurity awareness.




                                                         Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   49
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     AUDIT, RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (Continued)

     Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

     (b)    Significant Risks and Control/Mitigation (Continued)

              Significant Risks and
              Possible Impacts                              Risk Movement*   Control/Mitigation Measures


              ESG and Climate Risk
              The variables related to ESG factors
                                                                  →          •     The Group has established clear
                                                                                   sustainability strategies and coverage
              can potentially affect the operational                               as well as performs on-going
              efficiency and financial performance of                              monitoring of the ESG initiatives.
              the Group.
                                                                             •     The ESG working group, which
              The climate change may create adverse                                includes representatives from all
              consequences for human or ecological                                 business units, was established for the
              systems. This may cause impacts on                                   systematic oversight and management
              lives, livelihoods, health and wellbeing,                            of material ESG issues.
              economic, social and cultural assets
              and investments, infrastructure, services                      •     The Group has engaged external ESG
              provision, ecosystems and species.                                   consultants to provide professional
                                                                                   advice.

                                                                             •     The Group provides guidelines for
                                                                                   emergency response measures and
                                                                                   relevant training for employees.


              Market Risk
              The Group’s principal businesses and
                                                                  →          •     The Group closely monitors the market
                                                                                   situation and adopts appropriate
              operations are concentrated in Hong                                  strategies.
              Kong. Accordingly, the Group is subject
              to market risks arising from Hong                              •     The Group enhances public awareness
              Kong’s economic conditions, interest                                 of its various brands through diversified
              rate fluctuations, changes in market                                 promotional and marketing initiatives.
              supply and demand dynamics, market
              sentiment, and shifts in consumer                              •     The Group maintains operational
              behaviour.                                                           flexibility and conducts regular risk
                                                                                   assessments to refine its business
                                                                                   strategies in response to unforeseen
                                                                                   challenges.


            *       Risk Movement (Change from last year)
            ↑       Risk level increased
            ↓       Risk level decreased
            →       Risk level remained broadly the same




50   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




AUDIT, RISK MANAGEMENT AND                                         •      is required to disclose inside information as soon
INTERNAL CONTROL (Continued)                                              as reasonably practicable in accordance with the
                                                                          Securities and Futures Ordinance and the Listing
Management’s confirmation on risk                                         Rules.
management and internal control systems
                                                                   •      conducts its affairs with close regard to the “Guidelines
Based on the risk management mechanism and internal                       on Disclosure of Inside Information” issued by the
audit review activities mentioned in the aforesaid paragraphs,            Securities and Futures Commission.
the management made a confirmation to the Board that
the Group’s risk management and internal control systems           •      has included in its Code of Conduct a strict
during the year ended 31 December 2025 are effective and                  prohibition on the unauthorised use of confidential or
adequate.                                                                 inside information.


Inside Information                                                 •      ensures, through its own internal reporting processes
                                                                          and the consideration of their outcomes by senior
With regard to procedures and internal control for the                    management, the appropriate handling and
handling and dissemination of inside information, the                     dissemination of inside information.
Company:


ATTENDANCE RECORD OF DIRECTORS AND BOARD COMMITTEE MEMBERS

Details of the attendance (in person or by electronic means) of each Director at the Board Meetings (“BM”), Audit Committee
Meetings (“ACM”), Remuneration Committee Meeting (“RCM”) and Nomination Committee Meeting (“NCM”) during the year
ended 31 December 2025 and Annual General Meeting held on 30 May 2025 (“2025 AGM”) are set out in the following
table:

                                                                       Number of Meetings attended/held
                                                                                                                          2025
  Board of Directors                                         BM            ACM             RCM            NCM             AGM

  Executive Directors

  Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin (Note 1)                             4/4             N/A             1/1             1/1             1/1
  Mr. Li Ning (Note 2)                                       3/4             N/A             0/1             1/1             0/1
  Mr. Lee Gabriel (Note 3)                                   4/4             2/2             1/1             1/1             1/1
    (Group General Manager)

  Non-executive Directors

  Mr. Au Siu Kee, Alexander                                  4/4             N/A             N/A            N/A              1/1
  Mr. Lau Yum Chuen, Eddie (Note 4)                          0/2             N/A             N/A            N/A              0/1

  Independent Non-executive Directors

  Mr. Ho Hau Chong, Norman (Note 5)                          4/4             2/2             1/1            1/1              1/1
  Ms. Wong Yu Pok, Marina (Note 6)                           4/4             2/2             1/1            1/1              1/1
  Mr. Wu King Cheong (Note 7)                                4/4             2/2             1/1            1/1              1/1
  Mr. Chan Wai Yan, Ronald (Note 8)                          4/4             2/2             N/A            N/A              1/1




                                                             Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited       Annual Report 2025      51
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     ATTENDANCE RECORD OF DIRECTORS                                        COMMUNICATION WITH
     AND BOARD COMMITTEE MEMBERS                                           SHAREHOLDERS
     (Continued)
                                                                           The Company continues to pursue investor relations and
     Notes:                                                                communications with shareholders.

     1.       Chairman of the Board, Member of the Remuneration
                                                                           The Board has adopted a Shareholders Communication
              Committee and Chairman of the Nomination Committee.
                                                                           Policy setting out the Company’s procedures in providing
     2.       Member of the Remuneration Committee and the                 the shareholders with prompt and equal access to
              Nomination Committee.                                        information about the Company, in order to enable the
                                                                           shareholders to access the Company’s overall performance,
     3.       Mr. Lee Gabriel was invited to attend two Audit Committee
                                                                           exercise their rights in an informed manner and engage
              Meetings, one Remuneration Committee Meeting and
              one Nomination Committee Meeting in the capacity of the
                                                                           actively with the Company. The Board reviews the
              Group General Manager of the Company.                        Shareholders Communication Policy annually to ensure its
                                                                           continued effectiveness.
     4.       Mr. Lau Yum Chuen, Eddie retired as a Non-executive
              Director with effect from the conclusion of the annual       The Company has established an effective communication
              general meeting held on 30 May 2025. The attendance
                                                                           system. The Company’s updated financial information,
              of Mr. Lau is stated by reference to the number of Board
              meetings and general meeting held during his tenure as a     announcements, circulars, notices of meetings, press
              Director.                                                    releases and contact details can be accessed by the
                                                                           shareholders and investors through the Company’s website.
     5.       Chairman of the Audit Committee, Member of the               The Board believes that the Company’s website provides an
              Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.
                                                                           alternative mean for the public investors to obtain information
     6.       Member of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration
                                                                           of the Company in a convenient and timely manner.
              Committee and the Nomination Committee.
                                                                           The annual general meeting also provides an important
     7.       Chairman of the Remuneration Committee, Member of the        opportunity for constructive communication between
              Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee.                the Board and the shareholders. The Chairman and the
                                                                           chairmen of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee
     8.       Member of the Audit Committee.
                                                                           and Nomination Committee as well as the Company’s
                                                                           independent external auditor maintain an on-going dialogue
     DIRECTORS’ TIME COMMITMENT                                            with the shareholders and answer questions raised by the
                                                                           shareholders throughout annual general meetings.
     The Board regularly reviews the contributions required
     from a Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the
     Company, and whether he/she is spending sufficient time
                                                                           DIVIDEND POLICY
     performing his/her role. Directors have disclosed to the
                                                                           The Board approved and adopted the Dividend Policy in
     Company the number and nature of offices held in Hong
                                                                           December 2018 setting out the factors in determination of
     Kong or overseas listed public companies or organisations
                                                                           dividend payment of the Company including the financial
     and other significant commitments and an indication of time
                                                                           conditions in general, operating results, capital requirements,
     involved. The Company has received confirmation from each
                                                                           shareholders’ equity, contractual restraints and other factors
     Director that he/she has spent sufficient time during the
                                                                           considered relevant by the Board. The Dividend Policy shall
     year ended 31 December 2025. None of the Directors held
                                                                           be reviewed periodically and submitted to the Board for
     directorships in more than six listed companies during the
                                                                           approval if amendments are required. During the year, the
     year.
                                                                           Board reviewed the Dividend Policy and it was agreed that
                                                                           it remained applicable and no revision was required. The
                                                                           Dividend Policy is available on the Company’s website.




52   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited       Annual Report 2025
                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




DIVIDEND POLICY (Continued)                                                Pursuant to Section 567 of the Companies
                                                                           Ordinance, the Directors required under Section
With respect to the Financial Statements and Dividends                     566 of the Companies Ordinance to call a general
for the year ended 31 December 2025, please refer to the                   meeting must call a general meeting within 21 days
Report of the Directors set out on page 22 of this Annual                  after the date on which they become subject to the
Report.                                                                    requirement and a general meeting so called must
                                                                           be held on a date not more than 28 days after the
                                                                           date of the notice convening a general meeting.
SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
                                                                           If the Directors do not do so, the shareholders
                                                                           who requested the general meeting, or any of
Set out below are procedures by which shareholders may: (1)
                                                                           them representing more than one half of the total
request to call a general meeting; (2) put forward enquiries
                                                                           voting rights of all of them, may themselves call a
to the Board; and (3) request to circulate a resolution for
                                                                           general meeting pursuant to Section 568 of the
an annual general meeting. These procedures are generally
                                                                           Companies Ordinance, but the general meeting must
governed by the provisions of the Articles of Association and
                                                                           be called for a date not more than 3 months after
applicable laws, rules and regulations, which prevail over
                                                                           the date on which the Directors become subject
what are stated in this section in case of inconsistencies.
                                                                           to the requirement to call a general meeting. Any
                                                                           reasonable expenses incurred by the shareholders
1.     Procedures by which shareholders
                                                                           requesting the general meeting by reason of the
       may request to call a general
                                                                           failure of the Directors duly to call the meeting shall
       meeting
                                                                           be reimbursed to the shareholders by the Company.

       Pursuant to the Articles of Association and Section
       566 of the Companies Ordinance, shareholders
                                                                   2.      Procedures for putting forward
       representing at least 5% of the total voting rights of
                                                                           enquiries to the Board
       all the shareholders having a right to vote at general
                                                                           Shareholders may put forward enquiries to the Board
       meetings of the Company can make a request to call
                                                                           through the Company Secretary who will direct the
       a general meeting.
                                                                           enquiries to the Board for handling. The contact
                                                                           details of the Company Secretary are as follows:
       The request: (a) must state the general nature
       of the business to be dealt with at the general
                                                                           The Company Secretary
       meeting; (b) may include the text of a resolution
                                                                           Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited
       that may properly be moved and is intended to be
                                                                           98 Tam Kon Shan Road
       moved at the general meeting; (c) may consist of
                                                                           TYTL 102
       several documents in like form; (d) may be sent to
                                                                           Ngau Kok Wan
       the Company Secretary in hard copy form to the
                                                                           North Tsing Yi
       registered office of the Company at 98 Tam Kon
                                                                           New Territories
       Shan Road, TYTL 102, Ngau Kok Wan, North Tsing
                                                                           Hong Kong
       Yi, New Territories, Hong Kong or in electronic
       form via e-mail at hkferry@hkf.com; and (e) must be
                                                                           E-Mail         :   hkferry@hkf.com
       authenticated by the shareholders making it.
                                                                           Telephone      :   (852) 2394 4294
                                                                           Facsimile      :   (852) 2786 9001




                                                                Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025      53
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (Continued)                                     The Nomination Committee, where applicable, will review
                                                                          and make recommendations to the Board on the selection
     3.     Procedures to circulate a resolution                          of any individuals nominated for directorships in accordance
            for an annual general meeting                                 with the terms of reference of the Nomination Committee.


            Pursuant to Section 615 of the Companies                      The Company will, where appropriate, issue a supplementary
            Ordinance, shareholders can make a request to                 circular which shall include the name of the Candidate
            circulate a proposed resolution that may properly be          together with his/her biographical details set out in Rule
            moved and is intended to be moved at an annual                13.51(2) of the Listing Rules, to the shareholders for them to
            general meeting. The request must be made by:                 make decision on their election at a general meeting.
            (i) shareholders representing at least 2.5% of the
            total voting rights of all the shareholders who have a        INVESTOR RELATIONS
            right to vote on the resolution at the annual general
            meeting to which the request relates; or (ii) at least        The Company held its annual general meeting in physical
            50 shareholders who have a right to vote on the               form on 30 May 2025.
            resolution at the annual general meeting to which the
            request relates.                                              During the year ended 31 December 2025, no amendment
                                                                          was made to the Articles of Association. The latest version
            The request: (a) may be sent to the Company                   of the Articles of Association is available on the Company’s
            Secretary in hard copy form to the registered office          website and HKEXnews website respectively.
            of the Company at 98 Tam Kon Shan Road, TYTL
            102, Ngau Kok Wan, North Tsing Yi, New Territories,           The Company’s information would be communicated to
            Hong Kong or in electronic form via e-mail at                 the shareholders mainly through the Company’s corporate
            hkferry@hkf.com; (b) must identify the resolution of          communications (such as interim and annual reports,
            which notice is to be given; (c) must be authenticated        announcements and circulars) and annual general meetings,
            by the shareholders making it; and (d) must be                as well as disclosures on the Company’s website.
            received by the Company not later than 6 weeks
            before the annual general meeting to which the                Interim reports, annual reports and circulars are sent to
            request relates; or if later, not later than the time at      the shareholders in a timely manner and are also available
            which notice is given of that annual general meeting.         on the Company’s website and HKEXnews website
                                                                          respectively. The Company’s website provides shareholders
     PROCEDURES FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO                                       with its corporate information, such as its principal business
     PROPOSE A PERSON FOR ELECTION                                        activities, the development of corporate governance and
     AS A DIRECTOR                                                        the sustainable development of the Group. For efficient
                                                                          communication with shareholders and in the interest of
     According to the Articles of Association, a notice signed by         environmental protection, arrangements are made to allow
     a shareholder of his/her intention to propose a person for           shareholders to elect to receive corporate communications
     election and also a notice signed by the person (the “Candidate”)    of the Company by electronic means through the
     to be proposed of his/her willingness to be elected shall be         Company’s website.
     lodged at the registered office of the Company no earlier
     than the day after the despatch of the notice of the general         Shareholders are provided with contact details of the
     meeting appointed for such election and no later than                Company, such as telephone number, fax number, email
     7 days prior to the date of such general meeting.                    address and postal address, in order to enable them to
                                                                          make any queries that they may have with respect to
     The Candidate is required to provide his/her biographical            the Company. In addition, shareholders can contact the
     details set out under Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.            Company’s Share Registrar if they have any enquiries about
                                                                          their shareholdings and entitlements to dividend.




54   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN

On behalf of Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”),
I am delighted to present the Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2025 (“ESG Report”), which outlines the
progress of the Group’s continuous efforts and achievements of integrating environmental, social and governance (“ESG”)
related considerations into our businesses. Against the backdrop of growing global attention to ESG issues, we have
consistently refined our sustainability practices to align with the evolving expectations of our stakeholders.

Upholding the principle of “Love Hong Kong and the Harbour”, we are privileged to serve the Hong Kong community for
over a century. While remaining committed to our core business, we strived to transcend the traditional boundaries of ferry
and shipyard focused business. Our goal is to integrate diverse elements into our services, enhancing customers’ overall
experience and diversifying our business portfolio to ensure sustainable growth.

In the healthcare sector, we expanded services to better meet community needs. In addition to our pain management
centres at Mira Place and Metro Harbour Plaza, we opened a new pain management centre in Tai Hung Fai (Tsuen Wan)
Centre in 2026. We have partnered with a professional fitness centre with around 20 years of experience in Hong Kong to
establish a physiotherapy centre at H Zentre. Our joint venture, namely Total Healthcare Specialists Centre has also been
rebranded to Alliance Medical Centre to reflect our collaboration with Alliance Medical Centre, aligning its operations to
enhance service delivery and uphold its shared commitment to excellence in healthcare.

Giving back to the community is a core value we have upheld for decades. Upholding our core values of “caring for the
community”, we actively participated in volunteer activities and community events, with a view to contributing to the
community and supporting those in need. We also support youth development through arranging lectures, visits and
mentoring relating to the maritime industry and help cultivate talents for the industry’s long-term development. In addition,
we obtained Urban Renewal Authority’s approval to convert the residential portion of our redevelopment project
“The Symphonie” for use as a youth hostel operated by Tung Wah Group of Hospitals, which is the sixth project approved
by the Home and Youth Affairs Bureau under the Subsidy Scheme for Using Hostels and Guesthouses as Youth Hostels.

Looking ahead, we shall continue to align our environmental efforts with the Hong Kong’s Climate Action Plan 2050 and to
implement the low-carbon and energy efficiency initiatives across our business operations. We aim to reduce our carbon
footprint while enhancing the climate resilience of our operations. We remain committed to shaping a sustainable future.

This ESG Report highlights our achievements in 2025, and these achievements would not have been attainable without
the joint endeavours of our stakeholders. I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to the Board of Directors (the “Board”)
for their strategic foresight and guidance, and as well as my sincere appreciation to our management, employees,
investors, business partners, customers and the community for their support and dedication. With our ongoing efforts and
commitments, I am confident that we can continue forging ahead our sustainability path and build a brighter future for Hong
Kong.

                                                                                                     Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin
                                                                                                                Chairman




                                                            Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025     55
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     ABOUT THIS REPORT

     Reporting Scope

     The Group is pleased to present this ESG Report covering the period from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025 (the “Reporting
     Year”), which outlines the Group’s ESG-related policies, practices, performance and outcomes. This ESG Report focuses
     on the sustainability performance of the Group’s business portfolio including property development, property investment,
     ferry, shipyard and related operations, and medical, healthcare and beauty services. During the Reporting Year, the Group
     partnered with a professional fitness centre to establish a physiotherapy centre in Tsim Sha Tsui, providing customised
     training and rehabilitation programs tailored to individual patients.

     The Group’s principal business operations are based in Hong Kong. To provide a comprehensive picture of our sustainability
     performance, this ESG Report covers the following companies:


          Business Unit                                            Company Name

     1    Principal Office                                         Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited

     2    Property Development                                     Win Standard Enterprises Limited

     3    Property Investment                                      Well Dynamic Limited

     4                                                             World Fame Shipping Limited

     5                                                             World Light Limited

     6                                                             Lenfield Limited

     7                                                             HKF Property Investment Limited

     8                                                             Prosper Link Investment Limited

     9    Shipyard Operations                                      The Hong Kong Shipyard Limited

     10 Dangerous Goods Vehicular Ferry Services                   The Hongkong and Yaumati Ferry Company Limited

     11 Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia                                  Galaxy Hotel Management Company Limited

     12 Medical, healthcare and beauty services                    Century Time Holdings Limited

     13                                                            Topkey Development Limited

     14                                                            Ever Vision International Limited

     15                                                            Ever Peace Investment Limited




56   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




ABOUT THIS REPORT (Continued)

Reporting Standard

This ESG Report has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the ESG Reporting Code (“ESG Reporting
Code”) in Appendix C2 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“HKEX”).
The content of this ESG Report follows four reporting principles.


Materiality          This ESG Report’s structure follows the results of stakeholders’ engagement in the form of an online
                     survey distributed to the Group’s external and internal stakeholders about materiality assessment
                     specialised in ESG issues. Please refer to the sub-sections headed “Stakeholder Engagement” and
                     “Materiality Assessment” under the section headed “Sustainability Governance” for detailed information.

quantitative         The key performance indicator(s) (“KPI” or “KPIs”) is/are measurable with respective calculation
                     methodologies and thus the ESG performance of the Group can be evaluated and validated
                     continuously.

Balance              The information provided in this ESG Report is based on the Group’s policies, documents and
                     recorded practices. It provides an unbiased overview of the Group’s ESG performance and areas for
                     improvement.

Consistency          This ESG Report adopts methodologies that are consistent with previous years, which allows for
                     meaningful comparisons of ESG data over time.


To assist readers in finding the relevant information in this ESG Report, we have set out the HKEX ESG Reporting Code
Content Index.




                                                           Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025     57
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     2025 AT A GLIMPSE

     Performance Highlights




         Core Businesses                                   Achieving Overall Local Procurement Rate of Over 80%
         •   Property Development                        Across our Diverse Businesses in Support of Local Economy

                                                                       10 consecutive years
         •   Property Investment
         •   Ferry, Shipyard and Related Operations
         •   Medical, Healthcare and Beauty
             Services




               Achieving Customer Satisfaction Rate of
                         1
                Over 90% (Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia)                                        Local Procurement Rate

                  11 consecutive years                                                                 84 %

                                                                             Number of Volunteer Activities and
               Employees’ Training Hours                                      Community Events Participated

               4,588 hours                                                                     37

                   Total Volunteer Activities and
                Community Events Engagement Hours                                        Sulphur Content In Diesel

                        1,044 hours                                                          0.001%
     1
         Customer satisfaction survey conducted according to ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System


58   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited       Annual Report 2025
                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




AWARDS, CERTIFICATES AND MEMBERSHIPS

Environmental Leadership

BEAM Plus New Buildings V1.2 – Final Gold Rating           BEAM Plus New Buildings V1.2 – Final Silver Rating
 – The Symphonie                                            – The Royale




by Hong Kong Green Building Council Limited

Charter on External Lighting – Platinum Award            Hong Kong Green and Sustainability Contribution
 – Green Code Plaza                                       Award 2025 – Gold Seal for Contribution to Sustainable
                                                          Property – Promote Environmental Protection
                                                          – Green Code Plaza




                                                                                              可持續發展
                                                                                              綠色和可持續
                                                                                                設施
                                                                                                貢獻
                                                                                                20 3
                                                                                                2025




                                                                                            可持續發展物業貢獻金章
                                                                                              - 推動綠色環保

                                                                                              冠威管理有限公司
                                                                                                逸峯廣場

                                                                                 Ref: 232




by Environment Bureau                                      by Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency

BOCHK Corporate Low-Carbon Environmental Leadership Awards 2024
 – The Hong Kong Shipyard Limited                  – The Hongkong and Yaumati Ferry Company Limited




by Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited and Federation of Hong Kong Industries




                                                        Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited        Annual Report 2025   59
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     AWARDS, CERTIFICATES AND MEMBERSHIPS (Continued)

      Environmental Leadership (Continued)

      Hong Kong Green Organisation
       – Metro Harbour Plaza                                                                                               – Green Code Plaza

                          
                                                                    成員編號:                                                                                                          成員編號:
                                                                                    GO-8314-2471                                                                                                   GO-8314-2567
                                                                    Membership No.:                                                                                                Membership No.:




                              冠威管理有限公司 (恒基兆業地產有限公司全資附屬公司)                                                                                     冠威管理有限公司 (恒基兆業地產有限公司全資附屬公司)
                                                 港灣豪庭廣場                                                                                                            逸峯廣場
                                Goodwill Management Limited (A wholly-owned                                                                     Goodwill Management Limited (A wholly-owned
                              subsidiary of Henderson Land Development Co. Ltd.)                                                              subsidiary of Henderson Land Development Co. Ltd.)
                                              Metro Harbour Plaza                                                                                              Green Code Plaza




                                                                      屆滿日期: 二○二六年十二月三十一日                                                                                             屆滿日期: 二○二七年九月三十日
                                                                      Expiry Date: 31 December 2026                                                                                  Expiry Date: 30 September 2027




      by Environmental Campaign Committee

      Hong Kong Green Organisation Certification
       - Wastewi$e Certificate – Excellent Level                                                                           – Wastewi$e Certificate – Basic Level
       - Metro Harbour Plaza                                                                                               – Green Code Plaza

                                                                成員編號:             WW-8314-6080                                                                                 成員編號:             WW-8314-6081
                                                                Membership No.:                                                                                                Membership No.:




                                                      「           」                                                                                                   「          」
                                                      Excellent Level                                                                                                  Basic Level
                                        冠威管理有限公司                                                                                                       冠威管理有限公司
                                   (恒基兆業地產有限公司全資附屬公司)                                                                                             (恒基兆業地產有限公司全資附屬公司)
                                                港灣豪庭廣場                                                                                                            逸峯廣場
                                      Goodwill Management Limited                                                                                     Goodwill Management Limited
                              (A wholly-owned subsidiary of Henderson Land                                                                    (A wholly-owned subsidiary of Henderson Land
                                          Development Co. Ltd.)                                                                                           Development Co. Ltd.)
                                            Metro Harbour Plaza                                                                                              Green Code Plaza

                                                               屆滿日期: 二○二七年九月三十日                                                                                                屆滿日期: 二○二七年九月三十日
                                                               Expiry Date: 30 September 2027                                                                                  Expiry Date: 30 September 2027




      by Environmental Campaign Committee

      Hong Kong Green Organisation Certification
       – Energywi$e Certificate – Basic Level                                                                              – Energywi$e Certificate – Good Level
       – Metro Harbour Plaza                                                                                               – Green Code Plaza

                                                                                                                                         

                                                               成員編號:                                                                                                          成員編號:             EW-8314-4192
                                                                                 EW-8314-4189
                                                               Membership No.:                                                                                                Membership No.:




                                                      「          」                                                                                                    「         」
                                                       Basic Level                                                                                                     Good Level
                                             冠威管理有限公司
                                   (恒基兆業地產有限公司全資附屬公司)                                                                                           冠威管理有限公司 (恒基兆業地產集團成員)
                                               港灣豪庭廣場                                                                                                             逸峯廣場
                                Goodwill Management Limited (A wholly-owned                                                                           Goodwill Management Limited
                              subsidiary of Henderson Land Development Co. Ltd.)
                                                                                                                                                  (A Member of Henderson Land Group)
                                           Metro Harbour Plaza
                                                                                                                                                             Green Code Plaza

                                                               屆滿日期: 二○二六年九月三十日
                                                                                                                                                                              屆滿日期: 二○二六年九月三十日
                                                               Expiry Date: 30 September 2026
                                                                                                                                                                              Expiry Date: 30 September 2026




      by Environmental Campaign Committee




60   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited                                                       Annual Report 2025
                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




AWARDS, CERTIFICATES AND MEMBERSHIPS (Continued)

Environmental Leadership (Continued)

quality Water Supply Scheme for Buildings
 – Flushing Water (Gold)              – Fresh Water (Management                 – Fresh Water (Management
 – Metro Harbour Plaza                  System) (Gold)                            System) (Gold)
                                      – Metro Harbour Plaza                     – Green Code Plaza




by Water Supplies Department

Indoor Air quality Certificate (Good Class) (2025–2026)
  – Metro Harbour Plaza                                    – Green Code Plaza




  – Principal Office of the Company




by Environmental Protection Department




                                                      Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   61
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     AWARDS, CERTIFICATES AND MEMBERSHIPS (Continued)

      Environmental Leadership (Continued)

      Energy Saving Charter 2025
        – Metro Harbour Plaza                                          – Green Code Plaza




      by Environment and Ecology Bureau and Electrical and Mechanical Services Department

      2025 Peach Blossom Trees Recycling Programme – Certificate of Appreciation
        – Metro Harbour Plaza                               – Green Code Plaza




      by Environmental Protection Department

      Programme on Source Separation of Commercial and Industrial Waste
        – Metro Harbour Plaza                              – Green Code Plaza




      by Environmental Protection Department




62   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




AWARDS, CERTIFICATES AND MEMBERSHIPS (Continued)

Environmental Leadership (Continued)

Earth Hour 2025 – Certificate of Appreciation
  – Metro Harbour Plaza                                                     – Green Code Plaza




                                                            Goodwill Management Limited - Green Code Plaza




by World Wide Fund For Nature Hong Kong

2024/25 Universal Design Award Scheme
  – Gold Award                                                              – Silver Award
  – Metro Harbour Plaza                                                     – Green Code Plaza




by Equal Opportunities Commission

2024 ECH2O – Enterprises Cherish Water Campaign
  – Metro Harbour Plaza
  – ECH2O Charter                                                           – Cherishing Water Recognition Award




by Water Supplies Department and Green Council




                                                                       Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited                                Annual Report 2025   63
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     AWARDS, CERTIFICATES AND MEMBERSHIPS (Continued)

      Environmental Leadership (Continued)

      Carbon Neutrality (Waste Reduction) Charter – Certificate of Appreciation
       – Galaxy Hotel Management Company Limited – Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia




                                                                     佳力酒店管理有限公司-洋紫荊維港遊
                                                         Galaxy Hotel Management Co Ltd - Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia




      by 30•50 FoodSmart Partnership Programme, Environmental Protection Department and Hong Kong Productivity Council

      Food Wise Hong Kong Campaign – Food Wise Charter                                    Food Wise Eateries Scheme – Gold Class
        – Galaxy Hotel Management Company Limited –                                         – Galaxy Hotel Management Company Limited –
          Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia                                                           Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia




      by Environmental Protection Department

      The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Buildings Energy Efficiency Ordinance
        (Chapter 610) – Certificate of Compliance Registration
        – Residential & Commercial            – Residential & Commercial       – Residential & Commercial
          Development at 280 Tung               Development at 280 Tung          Development at 280 Tung
          Chau Street – Podium                  Chau Street – Tower 1            Chau Street – Tower 2




      by Electrical and Mechanical Services Department

64   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




AWARDS, CERTIFICATES AND MEMBERSHIPS (Continued)

 Caring Company

 Caring Company Logo (2003–2026)                              Good MPF Employer and MPF Support Award
   – 2024/25: above-average performance                       by Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority
 by The Hong Kong Council of Social Service

 Happy Company 2025 and 10 Years+ Certificate                 ERB Manpower Developer Award Scheme –
 by Promoting Happiness Index Foundation                        Super MD Award (2020–2030)
                                                              by Employees Retraining Board

 CSR Recognition Scheme Industry Cares 2025 –
   10+ Year Award (Enterprise Group)
 by Federation of Hong Kong Industries


 Community Contributions

 Hong Kong Volunteer Award 2025 –                             Day of the Seafarer 2025 – Silver Sponsor
   Corporate – Volunteer Hour Certificate of                  by Hong Kong Seamen’s Union
   Appreciation (500–1,999 hours)
 by Home and Youth Affairs Bureau and Agency for
   Volunteer Service

 Heart To Heart Company (2005–2026)                           “Neighbourhood First – Rice-Giving” Scheme –
 by The Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups                    2024–2025 Volunteer Service – Certificate of
                                                                Appreciation
                                                              by The Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups

 Ronald McDonald House Charities Hong Kong                    Ronald McDonald House Charities Hong Kong
   – Certificate of Appreciation                                Raffle Ticket Sale 2025 – Prize Sponsor
 by Ronald McDonald House Charities Hong Kong                 by Ronald McDonald House Charities Hong Kong

 A Good Ferry Neighbour in the Community –                    The 1st Metro Charity Badminton Tournament –
   Certificate of Appreciation                                  Certificate of Appreciation
 by Children, Youth and Family Services, Pok Oi Hospital      by Metro Broadcast Corporation Limited

 Outstanding Industrial Attachment Scholarships
   2025 – Certificate of Appreciation
 by Vocational Training Council




                                                           Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   65
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     AWARDS, CERTIFICATES AND MEMBERSHIPS (Continued)

       quality Services

       Hong Kong q-Mark Service Scheme – Hong Kong q-Mark Certificate
       for Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia
       by The Hong Kong Q-Mark Council, Federation of Hong Kong Industries

       Hong Kong Top Brand Mark Scheme – Ordinary & Premier Mark
       by Hong Kong Brand Development Council and The Chinese Manufacturers’ Association of Hong Kong

       ISO 9001:2015 quality Management System Certification
       for Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia
       by Intertek

       ISO 9001:2015 quality Management System Certification
       for The Hongkong and Yaumati Ferry Company Limited
       by Lloyd’s Register Quality Assurance Limited

       ISO 9001:2015 quality Management System Certification
       for The Hong Kong Shipyard Limited
       by Lloyd’s Register Quality Assurance Limited

       The Best of the Best Masterchef Recommendation Restaurant 2025
       for Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia
       by Asia Art of Cuisine Society


       Membership                                 Organisation

       Corporate Member                           Hong Kong Brand Development Council

       Corporate Member                           International Food Safety Association

       Corporate Member                           The Institute of Purchasing & Supply of Hong Kong

       Green Cross Group Member                   Occupational Safety & Health Council

       Member                                     Data Protection Officers’ Club

       Member                                     Employers’ Federation of Hong Kong

       Member                                     Hong Kong Federation of Restaurants & Related Trades Limited

       Organisation Member                        The Chartered Institute of Logistics and Transport in Hong Kong




66   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

Sustainability Governance Structure

Board Statement

The Board has the overall responsibility and accountability for overseeing ESG matters, including management approach,
strategy, and performance related to climate-related risks and opportunities. ESG matters relevant to the Group are included
in the Board meetings’ agenda on a regular basis, ensuring that climate-related issues are addressed and prioritised.

The Board is responsible for strategic direction on ESG, reviewing and endorsing ESG-related policies and targets, and
approving our annual ESG Report. The Board ensures that appropriate skills and competencies are available within its
members to effectively oversee strategies designed to respond to climate-related risks and opportunities. This includes
assessment of the Board’s capabilities and development of necessary skills through training and external expertise.

The Board oversees the effectiveness of our sustainability-related programs and tracks progress towards our 2030
environmental targets. It ensures that these initiatives are in alignment with the Group’s vision and mission. In addition,
the Board evaluates how climate-related risks and opportunities are integrated into the overall strategy, risk management
processes and related policies. This evaluation takes into account the costs and benefits associated with those risks and
opportunities, ensuring that informed decisions are made that align with our long-term sustainability goals.

ESG Working Group

The ESG working group, which includes representatives from all business units, was established to support the Board in
the systematic oversight and management of material ESG issues. The ESG working group is committed to enhancing
the Group’s approach to the management of ESG and climate-related risks and opportunities by integrating a top-down
strategic perspective with bottom-up processes to comprehensively identify and evaluate sustainability risks across all
business divisions.

In line with our internal risk management processes and control systems, the ESG working group is tasked with reviewing,
evaluating, and monitoring key sustainability risks, including long-term talent recruitment, occupational health and safety,
and regulatory compliance. The ESG working group works closely across different departments to ensure that management
controls and procedures are effectively implemented. This collaboration facilitates the oversight of climate-related risks
and opportunities while integrating climate-related considerations into decision-making processes across the business
operations.

Furthermore, the ESG working group reports to the Board with updates on sustainability risks and ESG targets process,
enabling informed discussions about climate-related issues, promoting effective decision-making and strategic oversight.
The Group is committed to addressing climate-related risks and opportunities and understands the importance of aligning
incentives with our sustainability objectives.




                                                            Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025    67
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE (Continued)

     Stakeholder Engagement

     The Group recognizes the important role of stakeholders in its sustainable development journey and places emphasis on
     incorporating stakeholders’ feedback and opinions to guide its management approach on pertinent sustainability matters.
     The Group engages with a diverse group of stakeholders on an on-going basis to better understand and respond to their
     views, make better-informed business decisions and identify risks and opportunities. The communication channels used to
     engage with various stakeholder groups are illustrated in the table below.


       Stakeholder Group                          Communication Channels

                     Employees                    •   Internal newsletters
                                                  •   Staff activities
                                                  •   Birthday lunch
                                                  •   Surveys
                                                  •   Employee performance appraisals

                     Shareholders/Investors       •   Announcements, circulars, financial reports and other corporate
                                                      communication
                                                  •   Annual general meetings
                                                  •   Company website
                                                  •   Investors’ meetings or presentations
                                                  •   Email
                                                  •   Social media

                     Clients/Customers            •   Company website
                                                  •   Email and hotline
                                                  •   Questionnaires
                                                  •   Social media

                     Suppliers/Vendors            •   Company website
                                                  •   Email and telephone
                                                  •   Questionnaires
                                                  •   Meetings

                     Business Partners            •   Company website
                                                  •   Email and telephone
                                                  •   Questionnaires
                                                  •   Meetings

                     Government/Regulators        •   Compliance inspections and supervision
                                                  •   Regular report disclosure
                                                  •   Telephone
                                                  •   Seminars

                     Community                    •   Company website
                                                  •   Charitable activities and community services
                                                  •   Social media




68   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE (Continued)

Materiality Assessment

During the Reporting Year, the Group engaged an independent consultant to conduct a materiality assessment. The
assessment primarily involved assessing and prioritising ESG issues related to the Group, with reference to the Global
Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) and the ESG Reporting Code. Our 4-step approach to materiality assessment is outlined below:




      1
                            Identification
                            •   Identify and review a list of ESG issues with reference to the GRI, the ESG
                                Reporting Code, the Group’s businesses and culture
                            •   Identify key stakeholder groups




      2
                            Engagement
                            •   Collect views and opinions of both internal and external stakeholders through
                                online survey




      3
                            Prioritisation
                            •   Analyse the results collected from stakeholders and prioritise the identified ESG
                                issues based on their importance to the Company and stakeholders




      4                     Validation
                            •   Discuss the results of the materiality assessment with senior management




                                                          Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   69
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE (Continued)

     Materiality Assessment (Continued)

     The matrix below illustrates 24 material ESG issues, reflecting their relative importance to the Group’s strategic
     implementation and business operations.


                                                                                                                         9
                                                     Moderate                             High
                                                     Importance                           Importance



                                                                                          16     20




                        Importance to Stakeholders
                                                                                                               7
                                                                                          18     15
                                                     13                          17                     21

                                                                                                        23
                                                                                      1   6      11
                                                                             2
                                                                     12     10        8   4      22
                                                                                 24
                                                           5
                                                                                 3
                                                                     14

                                                                     19




                                                     Low
                                                     Importance
                                                                            Importance to the Company

                                                            Environmental                      Social        Governance


       Environmental                                           Social                                              Governance

       1.    Energy efficiency                                 7.     Employee well-being                          20.   Anti-corruption
       2.    Emissions reduction                               8.     Employment practices                         21.   Corporate governance
       3.    Water conservation                                9.     Occupational health and safety               22.   Risk management
       4.    Waste management                                  10.    Staff training and development               23.   Business ethics
       5.    Use of packaging materials                        11.    Talent attraction and retention              24.   Stakeholder engagement and
       6.    Climate change                                    12.    Diversity and inclusion                            collaboration
                                                               13.    Elimination of child and forced labour
                                                               14.    Supply chain management
                                                               15.    Service/product quality
                                                               16.    Customer health and safety
                                                               17.    Quality assurance
                                                               18.    Consumer data protection and privacy
                                                               19.    Community investment and engagement


70   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited                           Annual Report 2025
                     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE (Continued)

Risk Management

The Group has established robust ESG risk management and internal control systems to identify, assess and manage ESG
risks associated with its business operations, including climate-related risks. Risk assessment matrix is adopted to determine
the risk rating based on the severity of consequences and the likelihood of occurrence.

Recognising the growing importance of climate-related risks, the Group has implemented specific measures to assess
potential impacts on business operations. This includes evaluating physical risks, such as extreme weather events and long-
term shifts in climate patterns, as well as transition risks associated with regulatory changes and market dynamics related to
climate action.

In our risk management framework, the Board holds ultimate responsibility for the Group’s risk management and internal
control systems, as well as for assessing the nature and extent of the risks that are acceptable in pursuit of its strategic
objectives. The Audit Committee supports the Board in monitoring risk exposure and assessing the design and operational
effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems. At the business unit level and across functional areas,
the line management is tasked with the identification, assessment and mitigation of risks. The Internal Risk Management
Team is responsible for establishing relevant policies and conducting regular reviews of the line management’s risk
assessment reports, which document critical risks evaluations and the strengths and weaknesses of the internal control
systems, and outline control strategies to address identified deficiencies in their respective operating sections. The Internal
Audit Department supports the Audit Committee in evaluating the effectiveness of our risk management and internal control
systems.

In addition, the Group is dedicated to enhancing its resilience to climate-related risks by integrating sustainability practices
into its business operations, utilizing low-carbon technologies and engaging with stakeholders to promote awareness and
collaborative efforts towards climate adaptation and mitigation.

The diagram below illustrates our 4-step approach to risk management.




      1
                             Preparation
                             •    Understanding organisational objectives from operational, financial, compliance
                                  and climate perspectives




      2
                             Risk Identification and Assessment
                             •    Identifying the risk associated with achieving organisational objectives, including
                                  climate-related risks such as physical risks and transition risks
                             •    Assessing the likelihood and potential impact of specific risks




      3
                             Risk Response
                             •    Developing programmes to address the identified risks




      4
                             Risk Monitoring and Evaluation
                             •    Ongoing monitoring and evaluating the risks, internal control and the arrangements
                                  in place to address them




                                                              Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025     71
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE (Continued)

     Anti-Corruption

     The Group is dedicated to upholding high standard of ethical business conducts across our business operations and has
     adopted a zero-tolerance approach towards bribery, money laundering, extortion and fraud in business dealings.

     Our Business Ethics and Code of Business Conduct Policy, Anti-Corruption and Bribery Policy, Code of Conduct, along
     with the guidelines and policies, clearly outline the expectations for professional, appropriate and ethical behaviour for all
     employees. All employees of the Group must adhere to the relevant policies concerning bribery, anti-corruption, money
     laundering and anti-competition. Accepting money or any gifts from customers, suppliers, contractors, related authorities
     or other business partners is strictly prohibited for our employees. We also issue memoranda to all employees to ensure
     awareness of anti-corruption measures and understanding of our Code of Conduct.

     To equip our employees with reviews of ethical conduct and up-to-date anti-corruption practices, the Group from time to
     time arranged training sessions conducted by the Independent Commission Against Corruption for relevant staff. These
     sessions are particularly targeted towards business units that are at higher risk of corruption, such as purchasing and
     procurement, tendering, sales and marketing. In addition, relevant training materials have been distributed to the Board to
     further enhance their understanding of ethical practices and anti-corruption measures.

     The Group has established a Whistleblowing Policy to encourage employees to report any suspected unethical behaviour.
     This policy offers a reporting channel and guidance for whistleblowing, enabling employees to report grievances or concerns
     regarding suspected irregularities, malpractices or misconduct within the Group. We are committed to keeping the identity
     of the whistleblower and the details of any investigation confidential. Every report received is carefully assessed by the
     Whistleblowing Committee, which will decide if an investigation is required. For more information, please refer to the sub-
     section headed “Audit, Risk Management and Internal Control” in the “Corporate Governance Report” of our Annual Report
     2025.

     During the Reporting Year, there were no confirmed cases of non-compliance with the anti-corruption regulations of Hong
     Kong.




72   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                       ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




OPERATING PRACTICES

The Group is dedicated to upholding operational excellence by delivering high-quality products and services to our
customers. We recognise that our long-term success is not solely based on our performance, but also on the contributions
by our supply chain partners, who align with our values and vision for a sustainable future. We strive to foster ethical and
responsible practices throughout our supply chain network.

Product and Service Responsibilities

The Group is committed to deliver high-quality, responsible products and services to customers and has established a policy
to guide employees on quality assurance, intellectual property rights and customer privacy. During the Reporting Year, there
were no reported cases of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations in respect of the products and services quality.

Our Business Ethics and Code of Business Conduct Policy underpins our commitment to protecting personal data privacy
and the confidentiality of customers’ information. Our employees have easy access to the Group’s Employee Internet
and Email Use Policy, which covers the use and management of data and information following the relevant regulatory
requirements. All employees must comply with these internal guidelines to ensure that customer data is handled safely and
securely. To address potential regulatory risks that may significantly affect our business, Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia has
updated its data collection statement on its website from passive consent to active consent in accordance with the user
consent requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)2.

At Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia, we are aware of the potential concerns regarding intellectual property rights and music
copyright laws. To address these concerns, we use licensed computer software and have paid all necessary music royalties
under a Copyright Music Performance Licence Contract. Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia is also registered as a trademark with
the Trade Marks Registry, Intellectual Property Department of the Hong Kong Government.

Our shipyard, ferry and Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia operations adhere to the ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System to
ensure that quality products and services are delivered and that customer expectations and relevant regulatory requirements
are fulfilled, if not exceeded. Since the health and comfort of our customers are directly related to satisfaction, we
continuously monitor indoor air quality at our managed properties. During the Reporting Year, both Metro Harbour Plaza and
Green Code Plaza participated in the Environmental Protection Department’s Indoor Air Quality Certification Scheme. Metro
Harbour Plaza and Green Code Plaza have again, for the period 2025/26, successfully achieved the Good Class objectives.

Our commitment to service excellence drives us to make informed decisions, based on our understanding of the needs and
expectations of our customers. To achieve this, we have implemented various engagement channels, including customer
satisfaction surveys, to gather feedback in a proactive manner. In addition, we have established a comprehensive product
and service complaints mechanism in compliance with the requirements of ISO 9001:2015, which includes our quarterly
Docking Repair Service Customer Satisfaction Survey and bi-annual On-Time Maintenance Services survey.




2
    According to the user consent requirements of GDPR, consent of customer means specific, informed and unambiguous indication of
    the wishes by the customer, using a statement or a clear affirmative action, which signifies agreement to the processing of personal data
    relating to the customer.



                                                                    Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited         Annual Report 2025       73
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     OPERATING PRACTICES (Continued)

     Product and Service Responsibilities (Continued)

     For our healthcare, medical aesthetic and beauty services business, complaints are handled by the person-in-charge and
     reported to the manager. Safety or compliance-related complaints are immediately reported to the manager and handled
     by either the person-in-charge or the manager, as appropriate. During the Reporting Year, the Group received no material
     complaints relating to product and service quality. In addition, logos of our developed brands are registered as trademarks
     with the Trade Marks Registry, Intellectual Property Department of the Hong Kong Government.

     The frequency and overall results of customer satisfaction surveys

       Business Unit                                                              Frequency                Satisfaction Rate

       Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia                                                  Weekly                                98%
       Shipyard Operation                                                         Quarterly                            100%
       Dangerous Goods Vehicular Ferry Services                                   Yearly                                97%
       Medical Aesthetic Clinic and Premium Beauty Service Centre                 All customers                         70%



       AMOUR Aesthetic, being our medical aesthetic and beauty services
       arm, was honoured with 2025 Hong Kong Emerging Service Brand
       Award, presented jointly by the Hong Kong Brand Development
       Council and the Chinese Manufacturers’ Association of Hong Kong.
       This award recognizes young Hong Kong brands with enterprising
       spirit, following a rigorous selection process assessing six key
       factors: reputation, distinctiveness, innovation, quality, image and
       ESG performance. Established for only three years, this award
       affirms AMOUR Aesthetic’s brand strength and its team’s diligence,
       commitment and professionalism.




       In June 2025, the Group attended the seminar on how Esso
       Renewable Diesel R20 helps reduce greenhouse gas (“GHG”)
       emissions. The event raises attention to low-carbon alternative fuels
       in relevant local fields, contributing to the advancement of green and
       low-carbon transformation.




74   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




OPERATING PRACTICES (Continued)

Supply Chain Management

To safeguard sustainable operations, the Group has formulated Climate Change Policy and Environmental Policy to address
climate risks and demonstrate commitment to environmental protection and well-being of the society through collaboration
with stakeholders. The Climate Change Policy encourages our suppliers, consultants, contractors and business partners
to reduce carbon emissions and energy consumption in their daily operations, incorporates climate change considerations
into our procurement process and encourages the use of low carbon, low embodied-energy and energy efficient products
and materials. The Environmental Policy fosters environmental awareness in our decision-making and operating practices,
gives priority to environmentally-friendly designs, materials and construction approach, and favours consultants, contractors,
and suppliers who follow environmentally-friendly practices in providing their designs, services, and products. Our Code of
Conduct outlines our requirements on ethical standards, labour rights and environmental practices.

We implement our commitments and initiatives by establishing evaluation criteria for our suppliers’ engagement and tender
process. These criteria include product and service quality, safety performance, operational needs, price and compliance
with our Code of Conduct. We ensure that our suppliers’ interests are aligned with our commercial, environmental and social
requirements. We recognise that partnering with environmentally responsible suppliers can reduce the Group’s carbon
footprints and promote more sustainable practices.

We have adopted a stringent monitoring system to ensure compliance with our ESG commitments. Our property
development operations conduct safety audits, while our other operations conduct supplier evaluations to identify areas
of concern and recommend remedial actions. We have remained committed to reducing our impact on the environment
and promoting sustainability throughout our supply chain. To meet evolving global requirements, since 2021 and during
the Reporting Year, we have incorporated ESG-related supplier certifications in our supplier review process by considering
Energy Audit, Carbon Audit and GRI as factors that may affect our supplier selection.

For any new supplier onboarding, the Supplier Evaluation Report will be produced according to different acceptance criteria
and needs to be approved by our senior management before the supplier can be added to our Approved Supplier Lists.

As a Hong Kong-based company, we strive to support the local economy through local sourcing and procurement. This
approach not only supports local businesses but also contributes to carbon emission reduction by minimising transport
distance. During the Reporting Year, we maintained an overall local procurement rate of about 84%, marking our 10th
consecutive year with a rate exceeding 80%. During the Reporting Year, our Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia business, and
medical aesthetic clinic and premium beauty service centre achieved a 100% local sourcing rate from Hong Kong suppliers.
In 2025, we maintained our commitment to promoting environmentally friendly products and services, placing a strong
emphasis on sustainability in our operations.


            Overall local procurement rate of the Group
                                                                                                 84%
   100%                                                                                   Local procurement rate
                  89%
           85%           84%    83%     82%    82%    84%    85%    84%    84%            achieved by the Group
    80%                                                                                   in 2025

    60%

    40%

    20%

     0%
           2016   2017   2018   2019   2020   2021   2022   2023   2024    2025


                                                             Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025     75
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY

     We believe that our progress towards sustainable development greatly relies on our employees. We strive to provide a
     healthy, diverse and respectful workplace that nurtures employees’ personal growth and career advancement. The Group
     believes that this is not only a corporate responsibility, but also a strategic investment in our future, allowing our employees
     to thrive and reach their full potential.

     Occupational Health and Safety

     Health and safety is our top priority. To cultivate a safe and healthy workplace for employees, contractors, and visitors, the
     Group has Safety Policy and Safety Plan in place that reflects our commitment to occupational health and safety. To create
     a safe working environment, we have taken preventive steps to reduce the risk of occupational hazards in our premises. Our
     Substance Use Policy strictly prohibits the use of alcohol and drugs in the workplace for shipyard personnel, contractors
     and suppliers. Regular reminders are issued to our employees to ensure alignment and understanding of our policies.
     Non-compliance with these policies is taken seriously, and violations may result in disciplinary actions up to and including
     termination of employment.

     For additional preventive measures, the Safety Committee is responsible for overseeing safety management and risk control
     of the shipyard. The Safety Officer and Supervisors operate the safety management system and conduct safety inspections
     to ensure that all employees can work safely and are provided with appropriate safety gear and personal protective
     equipment. The committee generates weekly safety inspection reports to identify areas for immediate correction and
     potential safety hazards, and to develop best practices for future use.

     In addition, we conduct quarterly safety meetings with staff, workers and contractors to provide updated policies, directions,
     and regulations regarding occupational health and safety. To further foster a culture of safety, we arrange daily morning
     exercises and safety briefing sessions for frontline workers and staff before the commencement of their duties. We also
     provide occupational health and safety videos to remind our frontline workers to put safety first.

     During the Reporting Year, we provided safety-related training to our employees, which accounted for more than one-fourth
     of our total training hours of approximately 4,588 hours. For more details, please refer to below sub-section headed “Development
     and Training” under this section.




       Joyful@Healthy Workplace Charter
       During the Reporting Year, the Group participated in the “Joyful@Healthy Workplace” Programme, an initiative
       promoting healthy eating, physical activity and mental well-being and arranged health-focused seminars to align with the
       programme’s objectives.

       Webinar on Chinese Medicine Pain Management
       In October 2025, the Group arranged a webinar led by a registered Chinese medicine practitioner from United Christian
       Nethersole Community Health Service. It covered causes of work-related shoulder and back strain and shared pain
       management strategies to address employees’ occupational musculoskeletal discomfort.

       Webinar on “Three Highs” Prevention and Heart Protection
       The Group arranged a health webinar led by registered nurse in December 2025. The nurse shared knowledge on “Three
       Highs” (Hypertension, Hyperglycemia, Hyperlipidemia) and common heart diseases, provided practical suggestions on
       preventing these illnesses, helping employees to manage their health more effectively.



76   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

Occupational Health and Safety (Continued)




 Mental Health Friendly Organisation
 During the Reporting Year, the Group joined the Mental Health Workplace Charter, was
 commended as Mental Health Friendly Organisation, and held events to reaffirm its
 commitment to workplace mental health.


                                                                                                     香港小輪(集團)有限公司
                                                                                                Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Co. Ltd.




 Mental Health Workshop
 In November 2025, The Mental Health Association of Hong
 Kong held a workshop at our office to discuss common
 emotional and mental health issues, helping us to identify
 employees experiencing emotional or mental distress and
 exploring techniques for interacting with them, thereby
 fostering workplace mental health support.




 Webinar on High-quality Sleep
 The Group arranged a webinar on establishing good sleep habits. A professor of psychology introduced methods on
 how to enhance sleep quality which addresses stress-induced problems like insomnia and helps employees to maintain
 a good rest and healthy lifestyle.


 Massage Experience Day

 In September 2025, the Group organised a “Massage
 Experience Day” to promote the well-being of our employees.
 Visually impaired masseuses from Hong Kong Blind Union
 offered head and shoulder massages to help alleviate fatigue.




                                                          Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited          Annual Report 2025      77
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

     Occupational Health and Safety (Continued)

       Free Influenza Vaccine Injection

       To combat autumn and winter influenza peak seasons and boost immunity, the Company offered free influenza vaccine
       injections for our Group’s employees.




       Cooling Relief: Ice Cream Day for Employees

       The Group distributed free ice cream to colleagues every
       Friday at our staff canteen in the summer of 2025, delivering
       a refreshing cool-down from the sweltering heat and a
       pleasant, relaxing break during their workdays.




       Fire Safety Seminar and Fire Drill

       Fire safety remains a top priority in our operations. In addition to drills on vessels twice a month, monthly drills at pier and
       quarterly joint drills of Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia and our Dangerous Goods Vehicular Ferry Services, representative(s)
       from Tsing Yi fire station held a seminar on fire safety at our Tsing Yi office and a fire drill was conducted in collaboration
       with Tsing Yi fire station in 2025 to strengthen our knowledge on fire safety and raise our preparedness for fire
       emergency.




78   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited     Annual Report 2025
                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

Occupational Health and Safety (Continued)

  Medical Aesthetic and Beauty Business

  Our medical aesthetic and beauty business offers a range
  of treatments, some of which require the use of special
  equipment and tools, including equipment that generate high
  heat, laser or high energy. We strictly control and limit the
  use of such equipment and ensure that only employees who
  have been trained and passed examinations are assigned to
  operate them.




  New Physiotherapy Centre in H Zentre

  To better address the rehabilitation needs of patients in
  orthopaedics, post-surgery and various types of injuries,
  the Group has partnered with a Hong Kong professional
  fitness therapy centre to establish a physiotherapy centre
  at H Zentre. The centre commenced operations in the third
  quarter of 2025.




The Group understands that the health of our employees is fundamental to the effective operation of our business. To
support the well-being of our employees, we provide comprehensive medical insurance coverage for our employees,
including outpatient and inpatient coverage for employees and their families, certain free vaccinations and regular medical
check-up allowances. Furthermore, we offer other voluntary insurance plans such as self-insured dental plans for our
employees, as well as free health check-ups exclusively for frontline workers, operational ferry staff, cruise kitchen and
shipyard employees.




                                                           Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025    79
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

     Occupational Health and Safety (Continued)

     We had a code of practice for working at height to suit our working environment to enhance and enrich our safety measures.
     Our Safety Committee contributes to the ongoing enhancement of our safety practices by daily and regular site visit safety
     monitoring without interruption. Our shipyard has taken steps to enhance safety for our workers. We installed monitoring
     system on crawler crane, which includes a monitor in the cabin providing continuous footage captured by four cameras. This
     enhances the safety of lifting operation. In addition, we purchased breathing apparatuses and MotionSCOUT for confined
     space rescue and operation in order to enhance the safety of workers in confined space. We also installed additional fire
     extinguishers in office and other operation area to strengthen our fire precaution measures. Furthermore, we purchased light
     duty working platforms including step platforms and hop-up platforms to enhance the safety of work above ground. We are
     committed to continually prioritising the safety and security of our employees.

     No reported cases of non-compliance with applicable occupational health and safety laws and regulations in Hong Kong
     took place during the Reporting Year that had a significant impact on the Group.

     Talent Attraction and Retention

     The Group is committed to empowering our people to acquire the essential skills and experiences needed for their personal
     and professional growth. We believe in upholding equal employment practices, respective of nationality, race, religion,
     gender, age, or family status. Our commitment extends to ensuring that child labour and forced labour are prohibited in our
     business operations. Our employee remuneration and compensation packages are based on an individual’s experience,
     merit and responsibilities within the Group. We also provide attractive employee benefits, such as shopping discount offers,
     maternity and paternity leave, and medical insurance coverage that extends to their family members.

     To facilitate open dialogue between employees and managers regarding their past performance, future prospects and
     innovative ideas for the Group, we have established communication channels such as our annual appraisals. In our
     endeavour to assist our employees in achieving a healthy work-life balance, we provide all employees with adequate breaks
     and reasonable working hours. For our office staff, we have implemented a five-day work week.

     During the Reporting Year, the Group participated in the Local Shipping Industry Employers’ Meeting 2025, which was
     organised by the Hong Kong Sea School, Transport and Logistics Bureau and Hong Kong & Kowloon Motor Boats & Tug
     Boats Association Limited. This event enabled us to connect with and recruit graduates eager to build career in the shipping
     industry. Through our efforts in talent attraction, retention and industry engagement, we strive to promote the well-being of
     our employees while maintaining high productivity levels.


       Staff Gathering

       Team gathering activities were held for colleagues to share
       interesting work and life stories with each other, thereby offering
       a relaxed environment for employee networking and promoting
       team communication.




80   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

Talent Attraction and Retention (Continued)

 Lunar New Year Lunch Gathering

 Lunar New Year lunch gathering was organised for our colleagues at our Tsing Yi office to celebrate the Year of Snake.
 We wish for a prosperous year ahead, where both the Group and our colleagues flourish.




 Birthday Celebration

 Regular gatherings are held to celebrate birthdays of colleagues. Employees from different departments come together
 to share birthday cakes and happiness.




                                                          Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   81
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

     Talent Attraction and Retention (Continued)

       Movie Fun Day

       The Group hosted a “Movie Fun Day” in March 2025, treating colleagues and their families to two films at a cinema.
       Colleagues enjoyed snacks, took photos and shared joyful moments, especially with kids at the animated movie, making
       for a delightful evening.




       Spring Trip to Foshan for Employees and their Relatives and Friends

       In April 2025, the Group organised a weekend Foshan trip for employees and their relatives and friends to enhance
       relationship among colleagues and strengthen cross-team connections. The itinerary included a visit to Foshan new
       attraction called “Guangdong Romance Park”（廣 東千古情）, to enjoy grand variety shows and enhance employees’
       understanding of Lingnan culture, and enjoying local culinary delights.




82   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

Talent Attraction and Retention (Continued)

 Handmade Tulip Workshop

 In July 2025, the Group arranged a handmade tulip
 workshop at our Tsing Yi office, teaching colleagues
 to make tulip flowers using twist sticks. During the
 session, participants made colorful tulips, which can
 be used as office decorations or gifted to family and
 friends, adding a lively touch to daily life.




 Mid-Autumn Gift Boxes

 To celebrate the Mid-Autumn Festival, the Group provided
 premium healthy gift boxes to employees, featuring
 health-focused tea leaves and vitamins, with a view to
 enhancing employee well-being and fostering cultural
 appreciation and engagement.




                                                            Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   83
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

     Talent Attraction and Retention (Continued)

       Scented Sand Candle Workshop

       With employee well-being as its core goal, the Group strives
       to create a healthy and positive working environment. We
       invited art instructor from New Life Psychiatric Rehabilitation
       Association to teach participants how to design multi-layered
       sand art and make scented candles, allowing colleagues to
       relax during the art creation process and obtain their own
       healing souvenir.




       Christmas Thanksgiving Gathering

       In December 2025, we organised a Christmas thanksgiving gathering featuring delicious food, lucky draw, singing
       session and various games for our staff. This event served to recognize our employees’ hard work and commitment over
       the past year and create an inclusive atmosphere for our employees.




     During the Reporting Year, there were no reported cases of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations relating
     to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity,
     anti-discrimination, other benefits and welfare, and preventing child and forced labour that had a significant impact on the
     Group.




84   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

Development and Training

The Group is dedicated to promoting a culture of continuous learning and personal development among our employees,
which is important to maintaining business continuity and resilience. During the Reporting Year, we arranged health seminars
for our staff to enhance employees’ health and safety awareness. To motivate all employees to participate in training
programmes relevant to their roles and professional aspirations, we offer both financial and non-financial incentives. For
employees who have completed certain qualifications or professional attainments, they will be considered a salary increment.

Each year, we allocate a specific budget to sponsor our staff in enrolling in award-bearing courses and other external training
programmes, both for personal development and job enrichment.

For certain trainings, we offer or arrange hybrid face-to-face and online trainings to/for our employees, enabling employees
to flexibly select the mode aligned with their personal circumstances and learning preferences.


               Percentage of employees’ training hours by employee category
                                during the Reporting Year

                                                                  Senior Management
                  Supervisors to Managers                          3%
                                      14%




                                                                                            General Staff
                                                                                             83%




                                                             Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025     85
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

     Development and Training (Continued)

       Training Sessions on Artificial Intelligence (AI) Data Security and Privacy Risk

       In July 2025, the Group held a cybersecurity training seminar
       covering AI privacy issues, ways to detect deepfake, 2025
       phishing attacks, WhatsApp hijacking and corresponding
       preventive measures. The seminar aimed to raise employee
       vigilance, deepen understanding of AI data crises and
       mitigate workplace AI application risks.




     Community Investment

     As a responsible corporate entity, the Group is dedicated to contributing to the community in which we operate and creating
     a positive social impact while benefiting our business. We believe that it is our obligation to give back to the society and help
     those in need. Therefore, we assist underprivileged groups through various community activities and charitable projects.

     The Group and the Hong Kong Community

     Guided by the Board and senior management, we remain committed to generating long-term shared value for the
     community of Hong Kong. The three principles of “Love Hong Kong”, “Love Victoria Harbour” and “Care for the People” are
     deeply rooted in our corporate culture.




86   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

Community Investment (Continued)

The Group and the Hong Kong Community (Continued)


 “My Epilepsy Journey” in Victoria Harbour

 On International Epilepsy Day 2025, six organisations including Epilepsy Foundation of Hong Kong, Health and Social
 Exchange of Hong Kong, Hong Kong Epilepsy Society, The Hong Kong Brain Foundation, The Hong Kong Epilepsy
 Association and The Hong Kong Neurological Society organised a ride on Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia in Victoria Harbour
 under the theme “My Epilepsy Journey”. Epilepsy patients and their families enjoyed the beautiful scenery of Victoria
 Harbour and played games while gaining epilepsy-related knowledge in a relaxed atmosphere.




 Vehicular Ferry Cruise in Victoria Harbour

 In February 2025, the Group partnered with Hong Kong Maritime Museum to host the “Vehicular Ferry Cruise in Victoria
 Harbour”, offering the experience of boarding a ferry while driving, sharing of history of Hong Kong ferry services, and
 passengers can also enjoy a light meal, reminiscing about the nostalgic past.




                                                           Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   87
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

     Community Investment (Continued)

     The Group and the Hong Kong Community (Continued)


       Launch of Yaumati Vehicular Ferry Block Model

       The Young Innovators Bazaar was held in March 2025 and over 1,500 students participated in the event. The Group
       sponsored students of Hong Kong Sea School to design and make the “Man Lok” ferry block models. The fair improves
       students’ sales skills, builds their confidence, and explores their potential beyond the classroom.




       “TN Residence” Youth Hostel

       In June 2025, the Group obtained the approval from Urban Renewal
       Authority to convert the residential portion of its redevelopment project
       “The Symphonie” located in Cheung Sha Wan for use as a youth
       hostel. This hostel is operated by Tung Wah Group of Hospitals and
       named as “TN Residence”, which is the sixth project approved by the
       Home and Youth Affairs Bureau under the Subsidy Scheme for Using
       Hostels and Guesthouses as Youth Hostels. This initiative meets Hong
       Kong youth’s housing needs through tripartite collaboration, balancing
       social impact and stable rentals to uphold the Group’s sustainable
       community commitment.




88   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited     Annual Report 2025
                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

Community Investment (Continued)

The Group and the Hong Kong Community (Continued)


 Total HealthCare Health Centre – Wholehearted Protection for Your Health

 In July and August 2025, our Total HealthCare Health Centre hosted the “Summer Health Seminar and Experience
 Campaign” in three Hong Kong community venues. The events included health lectures, free pain assessments
 and a cardiovascular zone providing preliminary assessment of the cardiovascular condition of the participant. Our
 chiropractors provided on-site analysis and recommendations for common issues such as neck, shoulder, knee and
 lower back problems. Through these activities, the public’s awareness of health issues was enhanced and it is hoped
 that their quality of life will be improved.




 Pok Oi Chinese Culture Maritime Party 2025

 We, together with Pok Oi Hospital, co-organised Pok Oi Chinese Culture Maritime Party 2025, attracting over 300 children
 and parents to board our ferry to cruise the Victoria Harbour and share joyful moments. The three-hour voyage featured
 the theme “Chinese culture”, with classic character catwalk show, dance, musical and vocal performances, volunteer
 team crafting various balloon sculptures on-site to gift to guests, lucky draws and buffet lunch. The performances drew
 enthusiastic applause and cheers from the audience. Against the backdrop of beautiful Victoria Harbour scenery, the
 vessel was filled with joy and laughter and the participants were left with warm and unforgettable memories.




                                                           Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   89
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

     Community Investment (Continued)

     The Group and the Hong Kong Community (Continued)

       PIERSIDE RUN 2025

       In June 2025, our colleagues participated in “PIERSIDE
       RUN 2025”. The Group also specifically arranged
       its vehicular ferry to transport participating runners
       across Victoria Harbour, allowing them to enjoy the
       beautiful scenery of the harbour and have the fun of
       boarding vehicular ferry.




     Caring for the Community

     The Group strives to support the community by focusing on the following areas: serving underprivileged families, children
     and the elderly as well as providing a platform for learning and exchanging knowledge.

     Industry Knowledge and Experience Sharing

     The Group is dedicated to fostering a culture of knowledge sharing with professionals, academia, non-governmental
     organisations, students and others. To bring positive impact to the industry and support Hong Kong’s social and economic
     development, we offer regular internship programs for students from tertiary institutions, Hong Kong Sea School and
     secondary schools.




90   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

Community Investment (Continued)

Caring for the Community (Continued)

Industry Knowledge and Experience Sharing (Continued)


 Shipyard Tours to Broaden Horizons

 The Group has participated in a campaign developed by the
 Vocational Training Council for outreaching to secondary schools
 through life planning education and assisting students in identifying
 individual aspiration, exploring industries, experiencing operations
 of industries and making life planning. During 2025, we organized
 shipyard tours for secondary school students. During the tours,
 our staff introduced to them the operations and facilities of
 our shipyard and briefed them on the career opportunities and
 prospects. These initiatives seek to support students’ career
 planning, allow them to gain insights into the maritime industry and
 help cultivate talents for the industry’s long-term development.




 Opportunities for Recruitment and Career Advancement Scheme of
 The Hong Kong Polytechnic University

 In February 2025, we participated in Opportunities for Recruitment
 and Career Advancement Scheme of The Hong Kong Polytechnic
 University. We met with students and identified outstanding
 students who are passionate in the field of marine engineering to
 join our shipyard as intern. We briefed students on our business
 operations, future plan and internship program to help them
 understand industry trends and plan their career development. The
 program integrates practice with theory, allowing students to gain
 an early exposure to workplace through internship.




                                                             Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   91
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

     Community Investment (Continued)

     Caring for the Community (Continued)

     Industry Knowledge and Experience Sharing (Continued)


       Hong Kong Sea School – Journey with CEO

       In 2025, the Group continued to participate in the “Journey with CEO” scheme organised by Hong Kong Sea School.
       The general manager of our Marine Division acted as mentor to provide guidance for two mentees. Through various
       activities and experiences, the scheme helps students gain an early understanding of the workplace environment and
       requirements and help them prepare for the future career path.




       Hong Kong Maritime Talent Career Planning Seminar

       In May 2025, the China Merchants Industry Holdings Co., Ltd.
       held the “2025 Hong Kong Youth Maritime Culture Programme’s
       Opening Ceremony cum the Third Hong Kong Maritime Talent
       Career Planning Seminar” （2025 年 香 港 青 年 海 事 文 化 行 開 幕
       典 禮 暨 第 三 屆 香 港 海 事 人 才 生 涯 規 劃 講 座）. The Group was
       invited to attend, supporting local young people in understanding
       maritime professions and career prospects and guiding them to
       pursue a career in the maritime industry.




92   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

Community Investment (Continued)

Caring for the Community (Continued)

Industry Knowledge and Experience Sharing (Continued)


 2025 Maritime and Aviation Internship Scheme

 The Group participated in 2025 Maritime and Aviation Internship
 Scheme. During the summer in 2025, ten interns embarked on a
 rich two-month journey, visiting our shipyard, boarding our vessel
 and providing them with a basic understanding of performance
 testing and operations of vessel.




 Strive and Rise Programme

 Shipyard Visit
 The Group is committed to supporting the Strive and Rise Programme and arranged shipyard visit for its mentees and
 mentors. At the visit, we introduced different vessel types and operations of our shipyard, and daily work of our mentor.
 Our colleagues also shared with them career opportunities and prospects, and shared insights into shipyard operations.

 Anti-Scam Promotion Activity
 In March 2025, the mentees of the Strive and Rise Programme participated in the anti-scam promotion activity held
 by Hong Kong Marine Police. The mentees helped the elderly to install the “Scameter” App to boost protection
 against scam calls and emails. We are committed to supporting scam prevention activities and upholding our social
 responsibility.




                                                           Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   93
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

     Community Investment (Continued)

     Caring for the Community (Continued)

     Corporate Volunteer Team

     Upholding our core values of “caring for the community”, we remain committed to environmental protection and caring for
     underprivileged groups. In 2025, our Corporate Volunteer Team supported and participated in 37 volunteer activities and
     community events, contributing around 1,044 engagement hours.


       Chairman Awarded the Gold Bauhinia Star (GBS)

       Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin, our Chairman, was awarded the Gold Bauhinia Star by the Government of the Hong Kong
       Special Administrative Region, in recognition of his outstanding contributions to the community.




       The Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups’ 65th Anniversary Luncheon and
       Neighbour Fest

       In January 2025, The Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups
       invited our Group to participate in its “65th Anniversary Luncheon
       and Neighbour Fest”, in recognition of the engagement and efforts
       of volunteers of “Neighbourhood First” to care for members in
       the community, spreading the spirit of “Neighbourhood First” and
       calling for continued support under the anniversary theme “Here
       for You, Grow with Youth;” in working together for a better future.




94   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

Community Investment (Continued)

Caring for the Community (Continued)

Corporate Volunteer Team (Continued)


 Green Cheung Hang FUN Share Love

 In January 2025, we assisted in running a game booth of “Green Cheung Hang FUN Share Love – Carnival
 for Environmental Protection and Cherishing Public Housing Resources” organised by Pok Oi Hospital Wai Yin
 Association Family Multiple Intelligences Centre (Cheung Hang) (“FMIC”). Through games, we promoted environmental
 consciousness and the importance of cherishing public resources to the community and shared our love and care with
 the elderly.




 Elderly Home Repair Service in Cheung Hang Estate and Cheung Wang Estate

 Starting from 2024, the Group has partnered with the FMIC to offer home
 repair services for the elderly living in Cheung Hang Estate and Cheung
 Wang Estate in Tsing Yi. This program aims at providing free home repair
 services for elderly residents, while also offering companionship and care
 during home visits.




                                                          Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   95
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

     Community Investment (Continued)

     Caring for the Community (Continued)

     Corporate Volunteer Team (Continued)


       “Neighbourhood First – Rice-Giving” Scheme

       As a “Heart to Heart Company” of The Hong Kong Federation of
       Youth Groups, we have acted as volunteers in its “Neighbourhood
       First – Rice-Giving” Scheme, with our colleagues distributing rice
       bags to beneficiaries, offering support and care to ease the burden
       of low-income individuals.




       Dragon Boat Festival Care

       In May 2025, the Group participated in a Dragon Boat Festival care activity for the elderly. Our colleagues learned to
       make dumplings under the guidance of elderly instructors at FMIC, and then visited elderly residents in Cheung Hang
       Estate and Cheung Wang Estate in Tsing Yi and delivering the dumplings to them, bringing them festive care and
       greetings.




       Visiting Ronald McDonald House Charities Hong Kong

       In May 2025, our colleagues visited Ronald McDonald House
       Charities Hong Kong and brought warmth and care to children
       who were ill or injured. We had a heartwarming meal and made
       dragon boat crafts with the children and their families, spending an
       afternoon filled with festive warmth and affection.




96   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY (Continued)

Community Investment (Continued)

Caring for the Community (Continued)

Corporate Volunteer Team (Continued)


 Supporting Build & Wish Voluntary Team’s “Night for the Homeless, Romantic Night”

 In July 2025, the Group lent the canteen kitchen facilities of our Tsing Yi office to the Build & Wish Voluntary Team, a
 voluntary team dedicated to help the underprivileged, to support its event “Night for the Homeless; Romantic Night”,
 and prepared a tasty dinner for the homeless people in various districts in Hong Kong. The colleagues teamed up with
 the volunteer team to make this caring dinner together. This activity delivered care to homeless individuals and helped
 nurture a community atmosphere of care for vulnerable groups.




 Metro Charity Badminton Tournament

 Metro Broadcast Corporation Limited hosted the Metro Charity Badminton Tournament in July 2025, bringing together
 community members from all walks of life and raising funds for the Para Athlete Ambassador Programme of Para
 Athletes and Friends. The Group supported the event by having a team of four to compete in the event. They interacted
 with other corporate teams to gain tournament experience while demonstrating the power of inclusion and compassion
 through action. In addition, sports therapists from our Total HealthCare Health Centre were also present at the venue to
 provide treatment and support to participants in need.




                                                           Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   97
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




     ENVIRONMENT AND RESOURCES

     Our Environmental Policy sets forth our principles and approaches to the sustainable management of our environmental
     footprint. The Group is dedicated to strengthening its sustainability efforts by incorporating innovative solutions into our
     operations, fostering environmental consciousness among our employees through education and training, and participating
     in environmental friendly initiatives led by the Hong Kong Government and non-governmental organisations.

     During the Reporting Year, we complied with all applicable laws and regulations regarding environmental protection and
     there were no non-compliance cases relating to air and GHG emissions, discharges into water and land, and the generation
     of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes.

     Climate Resilience and Adaptation

     The increase in the frequency and severity of extreme weather events may pose threat to miscellaneous business operations.
     At the 30th United Nations Climate Change Conference, there was a focus on actionable climate resilience and climate risk
     management. In response to the climate challenge, we have formulated the Climate Change Policy that governs our strategy
     for managing climate change issues and supports the application of renewable energy and other sustainable energy sources.
     We are dedicated to enhancing our resilience and preparedness for climate change by integrating climate-related risks into
     our business decision-making process.

     The Group is committed to managing climate-related risks that could affect our business operations. We have engaged
     external expert to conduct climate risk assessment under different climate scenarios. This scenario analysis used advanced
     climate risk analytic tools to identify these risks across our major operational regions and properties, aligning with the same
     scope as this report. Meanwhile, desktop research has been performed to identify, assess, prioritize and monitor climate-
     related opportunities. The assessment evaluated the climate-related physical risks and opportunities, potential impacts,
     potential financial implications and mitigation measures.

     The assessment utilised two climate scenarios, integrating climate models, land use and elevation data, and models
     for hydrology, wildfire and severe weather. These scenarios were based on the Shared Socio-economic Pathways
     (“SSPs”), and the Representative Concentration Pathways (“RCPs”) from the Sixth Assessment Report (AR6) published by
     Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (“IPCC”) since these selected scenarios provide time frames that align with
     our strategic planning time horizon and align Paris Agreement. These scenarios selected will support our future strategic
     planning and resources allocation. The assessment prioritised climate-related risks that are more material to the Group than
     other types of risks by evaluating the likelihood and severity of identified risks using quantitative thresholds. The table below
     summarises some of the key characteristics of the two climate scenarios.




98   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




ENVIRONMENT AND RESOURCES (Continued)

Climate Resilience and Adaptation (Continued)

Referenced           SSP 1-2.6 (Intermediate pathway)                      SSP 5-8.5 (High emissions pathway)
Scenarios

Time horizons                                                  Short-term: till 2030
                                                              Medium-term: till 2050
                                                               Long-term: till 2100

Assumptions          Analysis conducted in 2024, expect asset locations to remain the same over the time horizon.
                     Mitigating measures will remain the same.

Global Mean          About 1.7ºC by 2060 and 1.8ºC by 2100                 About 2.4ºC by 2060, reaching 4.4ºC by 2100
Temperature
Increase

Scenario             This scenario represents a future that is committed    This scenario represents a future where business
Description          to combating climate change. Governments               continues as normal with little to no climate action
                     have pledged to reduce carbon emissions, and           taken. Governments and companies are reluctant
                     stringent climate policies are introduced and          to compromise economic growth for climate
                     more companies are committed to international          change mitigation. The absence of climate policies
                     climate action goals. This would mostly result in      and actions and weak public awareness eventually
                     an increasingly decarbonized economy, with low         lead to a high level of physical risk and a low level
                     physical risk and high transition risk.                of transition risk.


The Group will ongoingly monitor climate-related risks and review climate risk assessments to ensure prompt responses
to any significant changes in risk profiles. With such risk management approach, the Group aims to fully integrate climate
related risks and opportunities into our overall risk management system. For more details, please refer to the sub-section
headed “Risk Management” under the section headed “Sustainability Governance”.

Climate-related Risks and Opportunities

Through climate risk assessment, we identified physical and transition risks and major opportunities for our business
operations. The most significant climate-related risks typically involve property assets located in coastal area, where typhoon-
related wind risks and abnormal precipitation patterns are expected to grow in intensity over the long term compared to the
short and medium terms, threatening asset reliability. Under our risk management framework, our material risk category of
operational risks incorporates such climate-related physical risks, ensuring climate change adaptation or mitigation policies
are in place. Based on these findings, we have developed corresponding resilience mitigation measures to reduce risks
and capitalise on opportunities. Considering recent typhoon and abnormal rainfall disasters, we have allocated budgets to
maintain or enhance the typhoon and flood defense capabilities of existing vessels and properties. However, uncertainty
remains regarding potential future changes in the frequency and severity of typhoons and abnormal precipitation.




                                                              Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025      99
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




      ENVIRONMENT AND RESOURCES (Continued)

      Climate-related Risks and Opportunities (Continued)

      Physical Risks

                                                                             Potential Financial
       Risk Category       Risk Driver            Potential Impact           Implication(s)               Mitigating Measures

       Precipitation       • Increased rainfall   • Potential disruptions    • Increased repair and       • Implement weather monitoring
       (Short, Medium,       intensity and          to ferry operations,       maintenance costs            and forecasting to anticipate
       Long term)            frequency              property or facilities   • Potential loss of            extreme precipitation events
                                                    damage, increased          revenue during service     • Develop a contingency plan for
                                                    maintenance costs,         disruptions                  service disruptions
                                                    interruptions in         • Decreased property         • Elevate properties where
                                                    services and increased     values due to flood risk     feasible to mitigate the risk of
                                                    cancellation rates for   • Increased insurance          water intrusion during heavy
                                                    in-person treatment        cost                         rainfall
                                                    appointments                                          • Deploy sandbags to protect
                                                                                                            vulnerable areas from flooding
                                                                                                            during storms
                                                                                                          • Periodically measure sea water
                                                                                                            rising propagation in the waters
                                                                                                            near our shipyard
                                                                                                          • Relocation of vessels apart
                                                                                                            from waterfront during tropical
                                                                                                            cyclone seasons
                                                                                                          • Replacement to waterproof
                                                                                                            and high integrity yard facilities
                                                                                                            along waterfront areas




100   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025
                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




ENVIRONMENT AND RESOURCES (Continued)

Climate-related Risks and Opportunities (Continued)

Physical Risks (Continued)

                                                                    Potential Financial
 Risk Category     Risk Driver           Potential Impact           Implication(s)                Mitigating Measures

 Wind              • Rising wind         • Potential disruption     • Increased costs for         • Assign extra manpower for
 (Short, Medium,     speeds that are       to ferry operations,       repairs and renovations       overseeing operations during
 Long term)          prone to tropical     damage to facilities     • Potential liability costs     extreme weather events
                     cyclones              and vessels, potential     from injuries               • Conduct drills for tropical
                                           safety hazards for       • Higher insurance              cyclone preparedness
                                           occupants, increased       premiums due to             • Monitor updates from the Hong
                                           operational risks          increased risk                Kong Observatory regarding
                                           for ferry services                                       the frequency and intensity of
                                           and reduced staff                                        tropical cyclones
                                           availability due                                       • Secure vessels using high-
                                           to commuting                                             strength slings during tropical
                                           restrictions                                             cyclone events
                                                                                                  • Limit the number of vessels
                                                                                                    docked or berthed alongside
                                                                                                    during tropical cyclone seasons
                                                                                                  • Provide emergency repairing
                                                                                                    services on vessels through
                                                                                                    contractors or our shipyard
                                                                                                  • Follow the Crisis Management
                                                                                                    Manual to handle the vessel in
                                                                                                    distress during typhoon
                                                                                                  • Cover five vessels with an
                                                                                                    insurance policy that includes
                                                                                                    Protection and Indemnity (P&I)
                                                                                                    and Hull and Machinery (H&M)
                                                                                                  • Apply tape to windows to
                                                                                                    prevent cracking during tropical
                                                                                                    cyclones
                                                                                                  • Implement a Virtual Private
                                                                                                    Network (VPN) service with
                                                                                                    Multi-Factor Authentication
                                                                                                    (MFA) for certain staff to enable
                                                                                                    them to securely access
                                                                                                    company systems remotely
                                                                                                    during extreme weather events




                                                              Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited        Annual Report 2025      101
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




      ENVIRONMENT AND RESOURCES (Continued)

      Climate-related Risks and Opportunities (Continued)

      Transition Risks

                                                                           Potential Financial
       Risk Category       Risk Driver           Potential Impact          Implication(s)                 Mitigating Measures

       Policy and Legal    • Increased           • More stringent          • Increased expenditure        • Keep track of the latest ESG
       (Short, Medium        ambition of           compliance                on decarbonization and         regulatory regimes in Hong
       Term)                 national/regional     requirements on           for meeting disclosure         Kong
                             decarbonization       climate-related           requirements                 • Review our Climate Change
                             strategies and        disclosure and          • Decreased operating            Policy from time to time to
                             enhanced              decarbonization           expenses, including            incorporate effective strategies
                             regulatory                                      utilities, due to improved     and initiatives, ensuring up-
                             requirements                                    energy efficiency              to-date ESG and climate
                                                                                                            compliance during operations

       Technology          • Investment in       • Technology with lower   • Increased investment in      • Conduct annual energy audits
       (Medium Term)         low carbon            emissions or generate     low carbon technology          at the two most fuel-intensive
                             technology            clean energy shall        and green transportation       subsidiaries since 2011
                                                   be considered when        technology                   • Install rooftop solar panels,
                                                   making investment       • Decreased operating            wall-mounted solar lights with
                                                   decisions to retain       costs due to improved          an adjustable solar receiver
                                                   customers                 energy efficiency              and turn-on sensors, and
                                                                                                            solar system on two floating
                                                                                                            pontoons at our shipyard
                                                                                                          • Install electric vehicle charging
                                                                                                            systems in the parking area
                                                                                                            within our premises
                                                                                                          • Replace the traditional tungsten
                                                                                                            light bulbs in the ferries’ main
                                                                                                            deck with LED bulbs

       Market              • Customer            • With consumer           • Reduced demand for           • Communicate with
       (Medium Term)         behaviour             demand for green          existing services due          stakeholders especially with
                             change                products, the             to shift in consumer           government, clients and
                                                   Group shall focus         preferences                    investors to understand and
                                                   on improving                                             manage their expectations
                                                   its sustainability                                     • Adopt green building standards
                                                   performance and                                          by integrating sustainability
                                                   transition to low                                        considerations into the design
                                                   carbon products and/                                     and construction phases of the
                                                   or services                                              property projects
                                                                                                          • Select environmentally
                                                                                                            responsible suppliers to
                                                                                                            minimize our carbon footprints

       Reputation          • Reputational        • Increased public        • Reduced revenue from         • Analyse market trends
       (Long term)           impact                concerns about            decreased demand for         • Enhance disclosure of our
                                                   climate change            services                       actions and achievements in
                                                   may bring negative                                       improving carbon reduction
                                                   feedback from                                            and energy efficiency
                                                   various stakeholders
                                                   on the Group’s
                                                   carbon reduction
                                                   efforts against their
                                                   expectations


102   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited     Annual Report 2025
                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




ENVIRONMENT AND RESOURCES (Continued)

Climate-related Risks and Opportunities (Continued)

Opportunities

 Opportunity
 Category        Opportunity Driver(s)    Potential Impact(s)                       Potential Financial Implication(s)

 Resource        • Improvement in         • We have adopted energy-efficient        • Reduced expenses and/or
 Efficiency        resource efficiency      measures such as installing LED           increased revenue
                                            lighting, rainwater harvesting
                                            tanks, solar panels and wall-
                                            mounted solar lights. Increasing
                                            market trends for energy-efficient
                                            products, renewable energy and
                                            advancement of their development
                                            would lead to lower prices for
                                            better products, resulting in a wider
                                            adoption across our business
                                            operations.

 Energy Source   • Use of lower carbon    • We have been promoting the use          • Reduced exposure to GHG
                   emission sources of      of clean energy to reduce its GHG         emissions and anticipated carbon
                   energy                   emissions. Rooftop solar panels           taxes/pricing
                                            and wall-mounted solar lights
                                            have been installed in the principal
                                            office or shipyard. Electric vehicle
                                            charging systems have also been
                                            installed in the parking area within
                                            our premises.

 Products and    • Development of         • Developing green infrastructure,        • Increased revenue
 Services          green infrastructure     such as sustainable buildings or
                   and increasing           eco-friendly transportation option
                   need for healthcare      contributes to environmental
                   services                 sustainability while potentially
                                            attracting environmentally
                                            conscious tenants or customers
                                            and enhancing the value of the
                                            business.
                                          • Widespread impacts of climate
                                            change on human health increase
                                            the likelihood of chronic diseases,
                                            increasing the need for healthcare.




                                                         Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   103
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




      ENVIRONMENT AND RESOURCES (Continued)

      Climate-related Risks and Opportunities (Continued)

      Opportunities (Continued)

       Opportunity
       Category          Opportunity Driver(s)     Potential Impact(s)                     Potential Financial Implication(s)

       Markets           • Expanding demand        • Rising consumer climate               • Increased rental and/or sales
                           for sustainable           awareness drives demand for             income from sustainable
                           services                  sustainable real estate and eco-        properties
                         • Growth in healthcare      friendly transport option. We can     • Higher customer loyalty and
                           and wellness              leverage this trend by integrating      occupancy rates
                           sectors                   sustainable practices in property     • Increased revenue from
                                                     development and investment,             healthcare services that cater to
                                                     attracting environmentally              the growing demand for wellness
                                                     conscious tenants and buyers.           and sustainability
                                                   • The demand for healthcare sector
                                                     may increase due to climate-
                                                     related health impacts. Our
                                                     diversification into medical and
                                                     healthcare services positions it to
                                                     capitalize on this trend, offering
                                                     health solutions that align with
                                                     sustainability goals and increasing
                                                     revenue streams.

       Resilience        • Adoption of             • Implementing resilience planning      • Increased value through resilience
                           resilience planning       will enable us to identify              planning
                         • Integration of            vulnerabilities in our property       • Less potential damage and
                           climate adaptation        development, ferry and shipyard         rectification costs under severe
                           measures in core          operations, ensuring facilities can     weather events
                           operations                withstand extreme weather events
                                                     and other climate-related risks.
                                                   • By integrating climate adaptation
                                                     measures into its projects, such
                                                     as flood-resistant designs and
                                                     energy-efficient technologies,
                                                     we can enhance longevity and
                                                     attractiveness of our properties,
                                                     protect assets and build trust
                                                     with stakeholders, investors and
                                                     customers.


      Looking forward, we will continue to evaluate our exposure to climate-related risks and opportunities and monitor the
      impacts of climate change on our business activities, building operations and the community.




104   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




ENVIRONMENT AND RESOURCES (Continued)

Energy and GHG Emissions Management

From 2011 onwards, the Group has implemented the Energy and Carbon Management Programme and conducted annual
energy audits at our two most fuel-intensive subsidiaries, namely The Hong Kong Shipyard Limited and The Hongkong and
Yaumati Ferry Company Limited. The results of the energy audit provide us with valuable insights, allowing us to monitor
energy consumption patterns more effectively and identify potential areas where energy efficiency can be improved.

The Group has formulated climate-related targets. As part of our governance practice, the Board conducts annual review
of these targets and our performance on Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions to ensure their continued relevance
and alignment with the Group’s strategic direction. Given the recent changes in the Group’s business structure and the
corresponding adjustments to the ESG reporting scope, the existing climate-related targets have been revised during the
Reporting Year to reflect the updated operational landscape, thereby maintaining their feasibility, measurability and alignment
with the Group’s long-term sustainability development goal.




                                                              2030 Electricity Consumption Intensity Target3


                                                              10%                              against 2023 baseline



                                                              2030 GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2)
                                                                                3, 4
                                                               Intensity Target


                                                              10%                               against 2023 baseline




3
    For the business units covered in the above targets, please refer to note 2 in the section headed “Performance Data Summary” of this
    ESG Report.

4
    This target is a gross GHG emissions target and includes carbon dioxide and other GHG such as nitrous oxide and methane.



                                                                  Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025       105
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




      ENVIRONMENT AND RESOURCES (Continued)

      Energy and GHG Emissions Management (Continued)

      The Group has established 2030 targets, focusing on the reduction of its energy consumption and GHG emissions. During
      the Reporting Year, the Group made progress in advancing its climate-related targets. To achieve these goals, we have
      implemented various measures and initiatives to enhance energy efficiency. These include the installation of rooftop solar
      panels, wall-mounted solar lights with an adjustable solar receiver and turn-on sensors, and solar system on two floating
      pontoons at our shipyard. In addition, we are replacing traditional air conditioners on our vessels, switching from older
      refrigerants to more environmentally friendly options. We continue to use energy-saving bulbs and reduce daylight exposure
      by controlling direct sunlight from the windows. This year, we have purchased a new electric vehicle, which helps to save
      energy and contribute to lower GHG emissions. As part of our continuous efforts, we shall continue to replace traditional
      tungsten light bulbs with LED bulbs on the main deck of the ferries, thereby decreasing our energy consumption. We
      controlled indoor working temperature to 25 degree celsius in our Tsing Yi office to save energy. Auto-start sensor has been
      installed along staircase which saves electricity for lighting.


        Use of wall-mounted solar lights with enhanced features

        Since 2021, the Group has installed LED lights and wall-mounted solar lights across
        our buildings and office premises, which account for a significant portion of our carbon
        footprint, to enhance building performance and energy efficiency.

        The wall-mounted solar lights are equipped with adjustable solar receiver and turn-
        on sensors. These enhanced functionalities optimize sunlight exposure during daylight
        hours, thereby boosting energy efficiency.




106   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




ENVIRONMENT AND RESOURCES (Continued)

Energy and GHG Emissions Management (Continued)

  Maximising the use of renewable energy system

  Reducing dependence on traditional fuels is highly contingent on the adoption of renewable energy. The Group has
  installed solar photovoltaic system on the rooftop and two floating pontoons. Utilizing solar energy not only decreases
  our carbon footprint but also supports the transition to a more sustainable and low-carbon future.




In our property development and investment operations, we continue to explore ways to improve energy efficiency beyond
the technical guidance of the Performance-based Building Energy Code published by the Electrical and Mechanical Services
Department. We not only adopt green building standards but also incorporate sustainability considerations into the design
and construction phases of our projects. Our managed properties proactively participate in various environmental campaigns,
contributing to collective efforts to tackle climate challenges. Green Code Plaza and Metro Harbour Plaza participated in “Earth
Hour 2025”, turning off the lights for an hour to raise awareness about the importance of energy conservation. Further,
Green Code Plaza and Metro Harbour Plaza also encourage community-wide participation in saving energy and reducing
carbon emissions by supporting Hong Kong Government’s Energy Saving Charter, which, among others, had the property
committed to switching off electrical appliances and systems when not in use, procuring energy efficient appliances and
systems from June 2025 to May 2026, promoting the use of renewable energy and engaging staff, students or tenants to
adopt energy saving practices together.

For over a decade, the Group has supported the Hong Kong Government’s efforts to enhance local air quality through the
adoption of fuel-efficient technologies. Going forward, we shall continue to reduce energy consumption and GHG emissions
in compliance with local and international regulations and standards.




                                                              Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025     107
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




      ENVIRONMENT AND RESOURCES (Continued)

      Air Quality Improvement

      The Group continues to uphold the core value of “Love Hong Kong and the Harbour” and is committed to enhancing the
      air quality of the city. For over a decade, we have been proactive in responding to the Hong Kong Government’s initiatives
      to improve local air quality by adopting fuel-efficient technologies and turning off part of the generators during the voyage to
      reduce engine exhaust emission. Under our replacement programme, we successfully substituted a total of 13 generators
      and 10 engines on-board with environmentally friendly alternatives. Our objective is to reduce our emissions of key air
      pollutants, including nitrogen oxides (“NOx”), sulphur oxides (“SOx”), and particulate matter (“PM”). As part of our ongoing
      efforts to improve the environmental performance of our vessels, we have gone beyond the legal requirements by reducing
      the sulphur content in diesel for our dangerous goods vehicular ferries to 0.001% starting from January 2020. In addition,
      we have studied using hydrogen, solar and electric power as potential alternatives to our diesel engine to achieve further
      emission reduction.


        Electric vehicle charging systems

        To minimise the generation of toxic exhaust
        emissions in the environment, we encourage the
        use of electric vehicles by installing electric vehicle
        charging systems in the parking area within our
        premises, i.e. the shipyard and principal office. We
        aim to promote the transition to electric vehicles
        among our employees, logistic suppliers and
        customer visitors, thereby reducing emissions.




      Water Conservation

      The Group recognises that water is a precious and valuable resource and is committed to enhancing water conservation.
      We have conducted training sessions for our shipyard staff on the use of water jets, with an emphasis on the significance
      of water conservation during the cleaning process. In addition, we have installed rainwater harvesting tanks, which allow
      us to reuse the collected water for vehicle washing, floor cleaning and irrigation purposes. Furthermore, we have replaced
      our faucets with water-saving ones and upgraded our washing machines to more water-efficient models, facilitating us to
      conserve water.




108   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




ENVIRONMENT AND RESOURCES (Continued)

Waste Management

The Group emphasises proper waste management, acknowledging it as a cornerstone of our commitment to environmental
stewardship. Over the years, we have prioritised reducing waste and promoting recycling across our business operations.
At our shipyard, we engage contractors to sort and separate scrap metals into steel, aluminium and bronze alloys for
further processing and reuse. To responsibly manage waste oil generated from the use of cranes, forklifts and emergency
generators, we engage the service of licensed collectors to collect and convert it into high-quality green lubricants.
Furthermore, our shipyard previously introduced a “Waste Filter Pressing Treatment Equipment” that utilises powerful
pressing equipment to reduce the volume of waste products. The waste oil produced from the process will be collected for
further processing. Below is a key highlight of certain hazardous and non-hazardous wastes recycled during the Reporting
Year. For more details, including other wastes recycled and other wastes produced but not recycled, please refer to the
section headed “Performance Data Summary” of this ESG Report.




                                                                           Recycled cooking oil for
                   Recycled spent oil                                          industrial use
                   21,484 litres                                                   600 litres



         Recycled bronze                       Recycled aluminium                        Recycled zinc alloy
             250 kg                                  751 kg                                    900 kg



                   Recycled steel scrap                                      Processed oily water
                      30,000 kg                                                 6,791 litres
                                                          Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   109
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




      ENVIRONMENT AND RESOURCES (Continued)

      Waste Management (Continued)

        New Recycling Bins

        To promote environmental protection, the Group has set up new
        sorting recycling bins at our Tsing Yi office for office recyclables:
        blue for waste paper, yellow for metal waste and brown for plastic
        waste. Colleagues are encouraged to sort waste by the colour
        labels and clean the items before disposal. It helps improve
        recycling efficiency, reduce pollution and effectively protect the
        environment.




        Mooncake Boxes Recycling Program

        In October 2025, the Group participated in the “Mooncake Boxes Recycling Program
        2025” organised by Greeners Action. After gathering paper or metal mooncake
        boxes from our colleagues, we delivered them to the designated collection points.
        The program facilitates resource recycling, reduces waste and supports a cleaner
        and greener community by collecting mooncake boxes.




110   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




ENVIRONMENT AND RESOURCES (Continued)

Waste Management (Continued)

At Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia, we have implemented a range of waste reduction measures. We have provided customers
with a green dining menu. An onshore sewage system is located at the ferry pier, which avoided the direct discharge of
1,988 litres of wastewater into the harbour in 2025. In respect of our property development and investment operations,
Metro Harbour Plaza and Green Code Plaza were recognised for fulfilling the requirements for the Programme on Source
Separation of Commercial and Industrial Waste, the initiative being organised by the Environmental Protection Department.

Environmental Awareness

The Group believes that fostering environmental awareness among our employees and the general public is important
for creating a sustainable world and promoting positive change in behaviour. We actively encourage our employees to
participate in various activities that support sustainable development.


THE WAY FORWARD

With over a century of dedicated service to Hong Kong, the Group carries forward its legacy by anchoring sustainability in
future growth, guided by the “Love Hong Kong and the Harbour” motto. This milestone is not just a testament to our past
achievements, but a foundation for integrating ESG into every dimension of our future development. We shall continue to
align our environmental efforts with the Hong Kong Climate Action Plan 2050 and to implement the low-carbon and energy
efficiency initiatives across our business operations. We aim to reduce our carbon footprint while enhancing the climate
resilience of our operations. For our people, we shall continue to sustain a safe and inclusive workplace with enhanced
safety measures and wellness initiatives for employees. In the community, we have collaborated with Tung Wah Group
of Hospitals to launch the youth hostel project and have opened the new pain management centre, while continuing our
efforts in contributing to the community – from supporting underprivileged groups to promoting anti-scam awareness. The
Group will stay aligned with local ESG regulations and stakeholder expectations, and leverage synergies between business
development and sustainability to build a more prosperous future for Hong Kong.




                                                           Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   111
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




      PERFORMANCE DATA SUMMARY

        HKEX KPI        Description                                                     Unit                    2025       2024
        A. Environmental
        A1.1            The types of emissions and respective emissions data (Note 1)
                        NOx                                                           Tonnes                   121.68     129.80
                        SOx                                                           Tonnes                    1.07       1.14
                        PM                                                            Tonnes                    4.33       4.62
                                                                                  (Notes 2,3,4)
        A1.2            Greenhouse gas emissions in total and intensity
                        – Direct GHG emissions                                  Tonnes of CO2e                 4,254.39   4,714.60
                          (Scope 1) (Note 5)
                        – Indirect GHG emissions                                Tonnes of CO2e                 561.96     776.39
                          (Scope 2) (Note 6)
                          (Location based)
                        – Other indirect GHG emissions                          Tonnes of CO2e                  30.26      37.79
                          (Scope 3) (Note 7)
                        – in total                                              Tonnes of CO2e                 4,846.61   5,528.78
                                         (Note 8)
                        – in intensity                              Tonnes of CO2e per revenue (HK$ million)    21.56      25.17
        A1.3            Total hazardous waste produced and intensity
                        Recycled Spent Oil (Note 10.a)
                        – in total                                                    Litres                   21,484     13,400
                        – in intensity                                             Litres/FTE (Note 9)          73.07      45.42
                        Ink Cartridge (Note 10.d,e,f)
                        – in total                                                   Pieces                     123         73
                        – in intensity                                             Piece/FTE                    0.42       0.25
                        Clinical (Medical) Waste (Note 10.d)
                        – in total                                                      Kg                        77         60
                        – in intensity                                                Kg/FTE                     0.26       0.20
        A1.4            Total non-hazardous waste produced and intensity
                        General Waste (Note 10.a,b,d,f)
                        – in total                                                      Kg                     13,720     17,256
                        – in intensity                                                Kg/FTE                   46.67       58.49
                        Food Waste (Note 10.b)
                        – in total                                                      Kg                      1,278      1,346
                        – in intensity                                                Kg/FTE                     4.35       4.56
                        Paper Waste (Note 10.b,d,f)
                        – in total                                                      Kg                      1,509      1,609
                        – in intensity                                                Kg/FTE                     5.13       5.45
                        Used Cosmetic/Medical/Healthcare
                        Products Packaging Disposed (Note 10.d,f)
                        – in total                                                      Kg                        79         45
                        – in intensity                                                Kg/FTE                     0.27       0.15




112   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited          Annual Report 2025
                      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




PERFORMANCE DATA SUMMARY (Continued)

 HKEX KPI           Description                                                                           Unit                    2025              2024
 A. Environmental (Continued)
 A1.4 (Continued)   Total non-hazardous waste produced and intensity (Continued)
                    Recycled Glass Bottle (Note 10.b)
                    – in total                                                                         Kg                          443              485
                    – in intensity                                                                   Kg/FTE                        1.51             1.64
                                           (Note 10.b,e,f)
                    Recycled Paper
                    – in total                                                                         Kg                         2,298             7,410
                    – in intensity                                                                   Kg/FTE                        7.82             25.12
                                                     (Note 10.a,e)
                    Recycled Aluminium
                    – in total                                                                         Kg                          751              850
                    – in intensity                                                                   Kg/FTE                        2.55             2.88
                                                (Note 10.a)
                    Recycled Bronze
                    – in total                                                                         Kg                          250              300
                    – in intensity                                                                   Kg/FTE                        0.85             1.02
                                         (Note 10.a)
                    Recycled Steel
                    – in total                                                                         Kg                        30,000            35,050
                    – in intensity                                                                   Kg/FTE                      102.04            118.81
                                                    (Note 10.a)
                    Recycled Zinc Alloy
                    – in total                                                                         Kg                          900              1,100
                    – in intensity                                                                   Kg/FTE                        3.06              3.73
                                                                  (Note 10.a)
                    Recycled Used Cooking Oil
                    – in total                                                                        Litres                       600              432
                    – in intensity                                                                 Litres/FTE                      2.04             1.46
                                                     (Note 10.a,b)
                    Recycled Oily Water
                    – in total                                                                        Litres                      6,791             4,786
                    – in intensity                                                                 Litres/FTE                     23.10             16.22
                                                          (Note 10.a)
                    Recycled Used Battery
                    – in total                                                                         Kg                          120              170
                    – in intensity                                                                   Kg/FTE                        0.41             0.58
                                            (Note 10.e)
                    Recycled Plastic
                    – in total                                                                         Kg                           47              201
                    – in intensity                                                                   Kg/FTE                        0.16             0.68
                                                                                     (Note 2)
 A2.1               Energy consumption by type and intensity
                    – Fuel oil                                                                            kWh                   17,393,653       19,271,516
                    – Electricity                                                                         kWh                   1,420,716         1,717,310
                    – in total                                                                  In 1,000 kWh                     18,814            20,989
                                     (Note 8)
                    – in intensity                                              1,000 kWh per revenue (HK$ million)               83.71             95.57
                                                                                   (Note 10.a,b,c,d,e)
 A2.2               Water consumption in total and intensity
                    – in total                                                                            m3                     26,262            29,955
                                                                                                          3
                    – in intensity                                                                       m /FTE                   89.33            101.54
                                                                                                                  (Note 10.d)
 A2.5               Total packaging material used for finished products and intensity
                    – in total                                                                            Kg                       30                24
                    – in intensity                                                                   Kg/FTE                        0.10             0.08

                                                                                     Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited             Annual Report 2025   113
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




      PERFORMANCE DATA SUMMARY (Continued)

        HKEX
        KPI           Description                        Unit                         2025                               2024
        B. Social
        Employment and Labour Practices
        B1.1          Total workforce by employment type and
                      gender (all in Hong Kong)                           Male                Female             Male            Female
                      Full-time                      No. of people         177                 117                170              125
                      Part-time                      No. of people            6                 2                    5               0
                      Total workforce by employment type and
                      age group (all in Hong Kong)                      <30           30–50      >50           <30       30–50         >50
                      Full-time                      No. of people       41            127       126            46       113           136
                      Part-time                      No. of people       5              1           2           4         1              0
        B1.2          Employee turnover rate by gender                    Male                Female             Male            Female
                                                           %              20.3                 32.5              30.0             36.0
                      Employee turnover rate by age group               <30           30–50      >50           <30       30–50         >50
                                                           %            51.2           22.0      19.8          41.3      25.7          35.3
        B2.1          Number and rate of work-related fatalities                2025                    2024                    2023
                      – By number                    No. of people                0                      0                       1(Note 11)
                      – By rate                            %                      0                      0                      0.36
        B2.2          Lost days due to work injury
                      (including sick leaves taken by employees)
                                                         Days                         1,042                              1,342
        B3.1          The percentage of employees trained by
                      gender and employee category                      Total          Male     Female         Total     Male       Female
                      – General                            %            80.39         87.50     69.67        81.49       90.95       67.65
                      – Supervisors to Managers            %            87.50         90.48     85.19        88.64       94.12       85.19
                      – Senior Management                  %            64.29         75.00     50.00        82.35       90.00       71.43
                      – Overall                            %            80.71         87.32     71.61        82.32       91.15       70.59
        B3.2          The average training hours completed
                      per employee by gender and employee
                      category                                          Total          Male     Female         Total     Male       Female
                      – General                          Hours          12.47          9.93     16.32        10.30       8.93        12.31
                      – Supervisors to Managers          Hours          13.32         14.10     12.70        14.83       7.40        19.51
                      – Senior Management                Hours          9.45          14.13      3.21        18.00       24.15         9.21
                      – Overall                          Hours          12.47         10.50     15.18        11.14       9.49        13.32
        Operating Practices
        B5.1          Number of suppliers by geographical region (Note 12)
                      – Hong Kong                       No. of                         248                               737
                                                     organisations
                      – Mainland China                  No. of                         30                                 69
                                                     organisations
                      – Others                          No. of                         19                                 74
                        (e.g. Asia and Europe)       organisations


114   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                           ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




PERFORMANCE DATA SUMMARY (Continued)

     HKEX
     KPI              Description                              Unit                       2025                               2024
     B. Social (Continued)
     Operating Practices (Continued)
     B6.1             Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons
                      No. of cases                                                          0                                  0
     B6.2             Number of products and services related complaints received
                      No. of cases                                                          0                                  0
     B7.1             Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the Company or
                      its employees during the reporting year
                      No. of cases                                                          0                                  0

Notes:

1.          Emission data are confined to The Hongkong and Yaumati Ferry Company Limited. Marine air emissions data are calculated
            based on harbour craft emissions estimation methodology in Port of Los Angeles Inventory of Air Emissions 2005 Technical Report
            (https://kentico.portoflosangeles.org/getmedia/59baf614-fdfe-4cfa-9d58-3032d32583d7/2005_Air_Emissions_Inventory_Full_Doc).

2.          GHG emissions data and energy consumption data in 2025 and 2024 are confined to The Hong Kong Shipyard Limited, The
            Hongkong and Yaumati Ferry Company Limited, Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia, the Principal Office, Century Time Holdings Limited and
            Topkey Development Limited.

3.          The GHG emissions data are measured in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting
            Standard (2004).

4.          An operational approach is adopted to measure GHG emissions, as operational information is accessible.

5.          Scope 1 emissions include direct GHG emissions from the combustion of diesel oil for ferries, vehicles and electricity generators.

6.          Scope 2 emissions include indirect GHG emissions from purchased electricity. The emission factors used to calculate GHG
            emissions from purchased electricity are referenced from the local power and utility companies.

7.          Scope 3 emissions include other indirect GHG emissions from metal purchased for repair or maintenance of our vessels, purchased
            paper, electricity used for fresh water and sewage processing, paper waste disposal and air travel.

8.          With consideration of the scope, the intensity figures of GHG emissions and energy consumption for 2025 and 2024 are calculated
            using the total revenue generated from the ferry, shipyard and Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia operations and medical, healthcare and
            beauty services (HK$ million).

9.          FTE: Full-time equivalent employees; excluding part-time employees.

10.         The data in 2025 are confined to:

            a.      The Hong Kong Shipyard Limited

            b.      Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia

            c.      The Hongkong and Yaumati Ferry Company Limited

            d.      Century Time Holdings Limited

            e.      Principal Office

            f.      Topkey Development Limited

11.         The legal proceedings of the inadvertent incident commenced in 2023 and were concluded in 2024.

12.         Supplier data in 2025 and 2024 are confined to The Hong Kong Shipyard Limited, The Hongkong and Yaumati Ferry Company
            Limited, Harbour Cruise - Bauhinia, Century Time Holdings Limited and Topkey Development Limited.




                                                                        Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited         Annual Report 2025    115
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




      HKEX ESG REPORTING CODE CONTENT INDEX

        Aspects, General
        Disclosures and KPIs        Description                                                                 Section/Remarks
        A. Environmental
        Aspect A1: Emissions
        General Disclosure          Information on:                                                         Environment and Resources

                                    (a) the policies; and

                                    (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that
                                        have a significant impact on the issuer

                                    relating to air emissions, discharges into water and land,
                                    and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.
        KPI A1.1                    The types of emissions and respective emissions data.                  Environment and Resources –
                                                                                                             Air Quality Improvement;
                                                                                                            Performance Data Summary
        KPI A1.2                    [Repealed 1 January 2025]
        KPI A1.3                    Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where                   Performance Data Summary
                                    appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume,
                                    per facility).
        KPI A1.4                    Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and,                     Performance Data Summary
                                    where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production
                                    volume, per facility).
        KPI A1.5                    Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to              Environment and Resources –
                                    achieve them.                                                           Energy and GHG Emissions
                                                                                                                   Management
        KPI A1.6                    Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes                  Environment and Resources –
                                    are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set                   Waste Management
                                    and steps taken to achieve them.                                       The Group has not set a waste
                                                                                                                 reduction target.
        Aspect A2: Use of Resources
        General Disclosure          Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy,           Environment and Resources
                                    water and other raw materials.
        KPI A2.1                    Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type                       Performance Data Summary
                                    (e.g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh in ’000s) and intensity
                                    (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).
        KPI A2.2                    Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of              Performance Data Summary
                                    production volume, per facility).
        KPI A2.3                    Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps           Environment and Resources –
                                    taken to achieve them.                                                  Energy and GHG Emissions
                                                                                                                   Management
        KPI A2.4                    Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water There were no issues in sourcing water
                                    that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and that is fit for purpose and the Group
                                    steps taken to achieve them.                                 has not set a water efficiency target.




116   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025
                      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




HKEX ESG REPORTING CODE CONTENT INDEX (Continued)

 Aspects, General
 Disclosures and KPIs       Description                                                         Section/Remarks
 A. Environmental (Continued)
 Aspect A2: Use of Resources (Continued)
 KPI A2.5                   Total packaging material used for finished products             Performance Data Summary
                            (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit
                            produced.
 Aspect A3: The Environmental and Natural Resources
 General Disclosure         Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant impacts on      Environment and Resources
                            the environment and natural resources.
 KPI A3.1                   Description of the significant impacts of activities on the     Environment and Resources
                            environment and natural resources and the actions taken
                            to manage them.
 Aspect A4: Climate Change
 General Disclosure         [Repealed 1 January 2025]
 KPI A4.1                   [Repealed 1 January 2025]
 B. Social
 Employment and Labour Practices
 Aspect B1: Employment
 General Disclosure         Information on:                                                  People and Community –
                                                                                          Talent Attraction and Retention
                            (a) the policies; and

                            (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that
                                have a significant impact on the issuer

                            relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and
                            promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity,
                            diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and
                            welfare.
 KPI B1.1                   Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example,        Performance Data Summary
                            full- or part-time), age group and geographical region.
 KPI B1.2                   Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and                 Performance Data Summary
                            geographical region.
 Aspect B2: Health and Safety
 General Disclosure         Information on:                                                 People and Community –
                                                                                          Occupational Health and Safety
                            (a) the policies; and

                            (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that
                                have a significant impact on the issuer

                            relating to providing a safe working environment and
                            protecting employees from occupational hazards.
 KPI B2.1                   Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in          Performance Data Summary
                            each of the past three years including the reporting year.
 KPI B2.2                   Lost days due to work injury.                                   Performance Data Summary
 KPI B2.3                   Description of occupational health and safety measures          People and Community –
                            adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored.          Occupational Health and Safety



                                                            Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   117
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




      HKEX ESG REPORTING CODE CONTENT INDEX (Continued)

        Aspects, General
        Disclosures and KPIs        Description                                                          Section/Remarks
        B. Social (Continued)
        Aspect B3: Development and Training
        General Disclosure          Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills             People and Community –
                                    for discharging duties at work. Description of training           Development and Training
                                    activities.
        KPI B3.1                    The percentage of employees trained by gender and                People and Community –
                                    employee category (e.g. senior management, middle                Development and Training;
                                    management).                                                    Performance Data Summary
        KPI B3.2                    The average training hours completed per employee by            Performance Data Summary
                                    gender and employee category.
        Aspect B4: Labour Standards
        General Disclosure          Information on:                                                   People and Community –
                                                                                                   Talent Attraction and Retention
                                    (a) the policies; and

                                    (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that
                                        have a significant impact on the issuer

                                    relating to preventing child and forced labour.
        KPI B4.1                    Description of measures to review employment practices            People and Community –
                                    to avoid child and forced labour.                              Talent Attraction and Retention
        KPI B4.2                    Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices            People and Community –
                                    when discovered.                                               Talent Attraction and Retention
        Operating Practices
        Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management
        General Disclosure          Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the         Operating Practices –
                                    supply chain.                                                    Supply Chain Management
        KPI B5.1                    Number of suppliers by geographical region.                     Performance Data Summary
        KPI B5.2                    Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers,           Operating Practices –
                                    number of suppliers where the practices are being                Supply Chain Management
                                    implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored.
        KPI B5.3                    Description of practices used to identify environmental            Operating Practices –
                                    and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are        Supply Chain Management
                                    implemented and monitored.
        KPI B5.4                    Description of practices used to promote environmentally           Operating Practices –
                                    preferable products and services when selecting suppliers,       Supply Chain Management
                                    and how they are implemented and monitored.
        Aspect B6: Product Responsibility
        General Disclosure          Information on:                                                    Operating Practices –
                                                                                                 Product and Service Responsibilities
                                    (a) the policies; and

                                    (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that
                                        have a significant impact on the issuer

                                    relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and
                                    privacy matters relating to products and services provided
                                    and methods of redress.


118   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025
                      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




HKEX ESG REPORTING CODE CONTENT INDEX (Continued)

 Aspects, General
 Disclosures and KPIs       Description                                                             Section/Remarks
 B. Social (Continued)
 Aspect B6: Product Responsibility (Continued)
 KPI B6.1                   Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to             Performance Data Summary
                            recalls for safety and health reasons.
 KPI B6.2                   Number of products and service related complaints                      Operating Practices –
                            received and how they are dealt with.                           Product and Service Responsibilities;
                                                                                                Performance Data Summary
 KPI B6.3                   Description of practices relating to observing and                    Operating Practices –
                            protecting intellectual property rights.                        Product and Service Responsibilities
 KPI B6.4                   Description of quality assurance process and recall                   Operating Practices –
                            procedures.                                                     Product and Service Responsibilities
 KPI B6.5                   Description of consumer data protection and privacy                   Operating Practices –
                            policies, and how they are implemented and monitored.           Product and Service Responsibilities
 Aspect B7: Anti-corruption
 General Disclosure         Information on:                                                     Sustainability Governance –
                                                                                                      Anti-Corruption
                            (a) the policies; and

                            (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that
                                have a significant impact on the issuer

                            relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.
 KPI B7.1                   Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt                   Performance Data Summary
                            practices brought against the issuer or its employees
                            during the reporting period and the outcomes of the
                            cases.
 KPI B7.2                   Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing              Sustainability Governance –
                            procedures, and how they are implemented and                              Anti-Corruption
                            monitored.
 KPI B7.3                   Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors       Sustainability Governance –
                            and staff.                                                                Anti-Corruption
 Community
 Aspect B8: Community Investment
 General Disclosure         Policies on community engagement to understand the                   People and Community –
                            needs of the communities where the issuer operates                    Community Investment
                            and to ensure its activities take into consideration the
                            communities’ interests.
 KPI B8.1                   Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental           People and Community –
                            concerns, labour needs, health, culture, sport).                      Community Investment
 KPI B8.2                   Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus              People and Community –
                            area.                                                                 Community Investment




                                                              Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025    119
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




      HKEX ESG REPORTING CODE CONTENT INDEX (Continued)

        Part D: Climate-related Disclosures
        Description                                                                                            Section/Remarks
        I. Governance
        19. An issuer shall disclose information about:
            (a) the governance body(s) (which can include a board, committee or equivalent body            Sustainability Governance –
                charged with governance) or individual(s) responsible for oversight of climate-             Sustainability Governance
                related risks and opportunities. Specifically, the issuer shall identify that body(s) or            Structure
                individual(s) and disclose information about:
                (i) how the body(s) or individual(s) determines whether appropriate skills and             Sustainability Governance –
                    competencies are available or will be developed to oversee strategies designed          Sustainability Governance
                    to respond to climate-related risks and opportunities;                                          Structure
                (ii) how and how often the body(s) or individual(s) is informed about climate-related      Sustainability Governance –
                     risks and opportunities;                                                               Sustainability Governance
                                                                                                                    Structure
                (iii) how the body(s) or individual(s) takes into account climate-related risks and        Sustainability Governance –
                      opportunities when overseeing the issuer’s strategy, its decisions on major           Sustainability Governance
                      transactions, and its risk management processes and related policies, including               Structure
                      whether the body(s) or individual(s) has considered trade-offs associated with
                      those risks and opportunities;
                (iv) how the body(s) or individual(s) oversees the setting of, and monitors progress       Sustainability Governance –
                     towards, targets related to climate-related risks and opportunities, including         Sustainability Governance
                     whether and how related performance metrics are included in remuneration                       Structure
                     policies; and
            (b) management’s role in the governance processes, controls and procedures used                Sustainability Governance –
                to monitor, manage and oversee climate-related risks and opportunities, including           Sustainability Governance
                information about:                                                                                  Structure
                (i) whether the role is delegated to a specific management-level position or               Sustainability Governance –
                    management-level committee and how oversight is exercised over that position            Sustainability Governance
                    or committee; and                                                                               Structure
                (ii) whether management uses controls and procedures to support the oversight              Sustainability Governance –
                     of climate-related risks and opportunities and, if so, how these controls and          Sustainability Governance
                     procedures are integrated with other internal functions.                                       Structure
        II. Strategy
        Climate-related risks and opportunities
        20. An issuer shall disclose information to enable an understanding of climate-related risks and opportunities that could
            reasonably be expected to affect the issuer’s cash flows, its access to finance or cost of capital over the short, medium or
            long term. Specifically, the issuer shall:
            (a) describe climate-related risks and opportunities that could reasonably be expected     Environment and Resources –
                to affect the issuer’s cash flows, its access to finance or cost of capital over the Climate Resilience and Adaptation
                short, medium or long term;
            (b) explain, for each climate-related risk the issuer has identified, whether the issuer     Environment and Resources –
                considers the risk to be a climate-related physical risk or climate-related transition Climate Resilience and Adaptation
                risk;
            (c) specify, for each climate-related risk and opportunity the issuer has identified, over Environment and Resources –
                which time horizons – short, medium or long term – the effects of each climate- Climate Resilience and Adaptation
                related risk and opportunity could reasonably be expected to occur; and



120   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025
                     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




HKEX ESG REPORTING CODE CONTENT INDEX (Continued)

 Part D: Climate-related Disclosures (Continued)
 Description                                                                                           Section/Remarks
 II. Strategy (Continued)
 Climate-related risks and opportunities (Continued)
     (d) explain how the issuer defines ‘short term’, ‘medium term’ and ‘long term’ and how       Environment and Resources –
         these definitions are linked to the planning horizons used by the issuer for strategic Climate Resilience and Adaptation
         decision-making.
 Business model and value chain
 21. An issuer shall disclose information that enables an understanding of the current and anticipated effects of climate-related
     risks and opportunities on the issuer’s business model and value chain. Specifically, the issuer shall disclose:
     (a) a description of the current and anticipated effects of climate-related risks and   Environment and Resources –
         opportunities on the issuer’s business model and value chain; and                 Climate Resilience and Adaptation
     (b) a description of where in the issuer’s business model and value chain climate-       Environment and Resources –
         related risks and opportunities are concentrated (for example, geographical areas, Climate Resilience and Adaptation
         facilities and types of assets).
 Strategy and decision making
 22. An issuer shall disclose information that enables an understanding of the effects of climate-related risks and opportunities
     on its strategy and decision-making. Specifically, the issuer shall disclose:
     (a) information about how the issuer has responded to, and plans to respond to, climate-related risks and opportunities in
         its strategy and decision-making, including how the issuer plans to achieve any climate-related targets it has set and any
         targets it is required to meet by law or regulation. Specifically, the issuer shall disclose information about:
         (i) current and anticipated changes to the issuer’s business model, including its        Environment and Resources –
             resource allocation, to address climate-related risks and opportunities;              Energy and GHG Emissions
                                                                                                         Management;
                                                                                                    Air Quality Improvement;
                                                                                                       Water Conservation;
                                                                                                       Waste Management
         (ii) current and anticipated adaptation and mitigation efforts (whether direct or   Environment and Resources –
              indirect);                                                                   Climate Resilience and Adaptation
         (iii) any climate-related transition plan the issuer has (including information about      The Group currently has no
               key assumptions used in developing its transition plan, and dependencies on        climate-related transition plan,
               which the issuer’s transition plan relies), or an appropriate negative statement therefore no disclosure information
               where the issuer does not have a climate-related transition plan; and                        is provided.
         (iv) how the issuer plans to achieve any climate-related targets (including any          Environment and Resources –
              greenhouse gas emissions targets (if any)), described in accordance with             Energy and GHG Emissions
              paragraphs 37 to 40; and                                                                    Management
     (b) information about how the issuer is resourcing, and plans to resource, the activities    Environment and Resources –
         disclosed in accordance with paragraph 22(a).                                             Energy and GHG Emissions
                                                                                                          Management
 23. An issuer shall disclose information about the progress of plans disclosed in previous       No disclosure is provided as
     reporting periods in accordance with paragraph 22(a).                                        no plans were disclosed in or
                                                                                                 prior to the financial year 2024.




                                                               Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025     121
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




      HKEX ESG REPORTING CODE CONTENT INDEX (Continued)

        Part D: Climate-related Disclosures (Continued)
        Description                                                                                            Section/Remarks
        II. Strategy (Continued)
        Financial position, financial performance and cash flows
        24. An issuer shall disclose qualitative and quantitative information about:
            (a) how climate-related risks and opportunities have affected its financial position,   Environment and Resources –
                financial performance and cash flows for the reporting period; and                Climate Resilience and Adaptation
            (b) the climate-related risks and opportunities identified in paragraph 24(a) for which     Environment and Resources –
                there is a significant risk of a material adjustment within the next annual reporting Climate Resilience and Adaptation
                period to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities reported in the related
                financial statements.
        25. The issuer shall provide qualitative and quantitative disclosures about:
            (a) how the issuer expects its financial position to change over the short, medium and Environment and Resources –
                long term, given its strategy to manage climate-related risks and opportunities, Climate Resilience and Adaptation
                taking into consideration;
                (i) its investment and disposal plans; and                                                    Qualitative Information:
                                                                                                          Environment and Resources –
                                                                                                        Climate Resilience and Adaptation
                                                                                                             Quantitative Information:
                                                                                                              Due to the high level of
                                                                                                        measurement uncertainty involved
                                                                                                           in estimating the investment
                                                                                                        amount, no quantitative data has
                                                                                                                  been provided.
                (ii) its planned sources of funding to implement its strategy; and                            Qualitative Information:
                                                                                                          Environment and Resources –
                                                                                                        Climate Resilience and Adaptation
                                                                                                             Quantitative Information:
                                                                                                              Due to the high level of
                                                                                                        measurement uncertainty involved
                                                                                                           in estimating the sources of
                                                                                                        funding, no quantitative data has
                                                                                                                  been provided.
            (b) how the issuer expects its financial performance and cash flows to change over the    Environment and Resources –
                short, medium and long term, given its strategy to manage climate-related risks and Climate Resilience and Adaptation
                opportunities.
        Climate resilience
        26. An issuer shall disclose information that enables an understanding of the resilience of the issuer’s strategy and business
            model to climate-related changes, developments and uncertainties, taking into consideration the issuer’s identified climate-
            related risks and opportunities. An issuer shall use climate-related scenario analysis to assess its climate resilience using
            an approach that is commensurate with an issuer’s circumstances. In providing quantitative information, the issuer may
            disclose a single amount or a range. Specifically, the issuer shall disclose:
            (a) the issuer’s assessment of its climate resilience as at the reporting date, which shall enable an understanding of:
                (i) the implications, if any, of the issuer’s assessment for its strategy and business Environment and Resources –
                    model, including how the issuer would need to respond to the effects identified Climate Resilience and Adaptation
                    in the climate-related scenario analysis;




122   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025
                     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




HKEX ESG REPORTING CODE CONTENT INDEX (Continued)

 Part D: Climate-related Disclosures (Continued)
 Description                                                                                            Section/Remarks
 II. Strategy (Continued)
 Climate resilience (Continued)
         (ii) the significant areas of uncertainty considered in the issuer’s assessment of its   Environment and Resources –
              climate resilience; and                                                           Climate Resilience and Adaptation
         (iii) the issuer’s capacity to adjust, or adapt its strategy and business model to   Environment and Resources –
               climate change over the short, medium or long term;                          Climate Resilience and Adaptation
     (b) how and when the climate-related scenario analysis was carried out, including:
         (i) information about the inputs used, including:
             (1) which climate-related scenarios the issuer used for the analysis and the   Environment and Resources –
                 sources of such scenarios;                                               Climate Resilience and Adaptation
             (2) whether the analysis included a diverse range of climate-related scenarios;       Environment and Resources –
                                                                                                 Climate Resilience and Adaptation
             (3) whether the climate-related scenarios used for the analysis are associated   Environment and Resources –
                 with climate-related transition risks or climate-related physical risks;   Climate Resilience and Adaptation
             (4) whether the issuer used, among its scenarios, a climate-related scenario   Environment and Resources –
                 aligned with the latest international agreement on climate change;       Climate Resilience and Adaptation
             (5) why the issuer decided that its chosen climate-related scenarios are relevant Environment and Resources –
                 to assessing its resilience to climate-related changes, developments or Climate Resilience and Adaptation
                 uncertainties;
             (6) time horizons the issuer used in the analysis; and                                Environment and Resources –
                                                                                                 Climate Resilience and Adaptation
             (7) what scope of operations the issuer used in the analysis (for example, the   Environment and Resources –
                 operation, locations and business units used in the analysis);             Climate Resilience and Adaptation
         (ii) the key assumptions the issuer made in the analysis; and                             Environment and Resources –
                                                                                                 Climate Resilience and Adaptation
         (iii) the reporting period in which the climate-related scenario analysis was carried   Environment and Resources –
               out.                                                                            Climate Resilience and Adaptation
 III. Risk Management
 27. An issuer shall disclose information about:
     (a) the processes and related policies it uses to identify, assess, prioritise and monitor climate-related risks, including
         information about;
         (i) the inputs and parameters the issuer uses (for example, information about data   Environment and Resources –
             sources and the scope of operations covered in the processes);                 Climate Resilience and Adaptation
         (ii) whether and how the issuer uses climate-related scenario analysis to inform its   Environment and Resources –
              identification of climate-related risks;                                        Climate Resilience and Adaptation
         (iii) how the issuer assesses the nature, likelihood and magnitude of the effects          Sustainability Governance –
               of those risks (for example, whether the issuer considers qualitative factors,        Sustainability Governance
               quantitative thresholds or other criteria);                                                   Structure
         (iv) whether and how the issuer prioritises climate-related risks relative to other   Environment and Resources –
              types of risks;                                                                Climate Resilience and Adaptation
         (v) how the issuer monitors climate-related risks; and                                    Environment and Resources –
                                                                                                 Climate Resilience and Adaptation



                                                                  Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025    123
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




      HKEX ESG REPORTING CODE CONTENT INDEX (Continued)

        Part D: Climate-related Disclosures (Continued)
        Description                                                                                            Section/Remarks
        III. Risk Management (Continued)
                (vi) whether and how the issuer has changed the processes it uses compared with           No disclosure is provided as
                     the previous reporting period;                                                      no changes were made to the
                                                                                                               processes used.
            (b) the processes the issuer uses to identify, assess, prioritise and monitor climate-     Environment and Resources –
                related opportunities (including information about whether and how the issuer Climate Resilience and Adaptation
                uses climate-related scenario analysis to inform its identification of climate-related
                opportunities); and
            (c) the extent to which, and how, the processes for identifying, assessing, prioritising       Sustainability Governance –
                and monitoring climate-related risks and opportunities are integrated into and inform       Sustainability Governance
                the issuer’s overall risk management process.                                                       Structure
        IV. Metrics and Targets
        Greenhouse gas emissions
        28. An issuer shall disclose its absolute gross greenhouse gas emissions generated during the reporting period, expressed as
            metric tons of CO2 equivalent, classified as:
            (a) Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions;                                                         Performance Data Summary
            (b) Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions; and                                                     Performance Data Summary
            (c) Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions.                                                         Performance Data Summary
        29. An issuer shall:
            (a) measure its greenhouse gas emissions in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas                Performance Data Summary
                Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (2004) unless required
                by a jurisdictional authority or another exchange on which the issuer is listed to use
                a different method for measuring greenhouse gas emissions;
            (b) disclose the approach it uses to measure its greenhouse gas emissions including:
                (i) the measurement approach, inputs and assumptions the issuer uses to                   Performance Data Summary
                    measure its greenhouse gas emissions;
                (ii) the reason why the issuer has chosen the measurement approach, inputs and            Performance Data Summary
                     assumptions it uses to measure its greenhouse gas emissions; and
                (iii) any changes the issuer made to the measurement approach, inputs and                   No disclosure is provided as
                      assumptions during the reporting period and the reasons for those changes;         there were no changes made to
                                                                                                            the measurement approach,
                                                                                                           inputs or assumptions during
                                                                                                                the reporting period.
            (c) for Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions disclosed in accordance with paragraph               Performance Data Summary
                28(b), disclose its location-based Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions, and provide
                information about any contractual instruments that is necessary to enable an
                understanding of the issuer’s Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions; and
            (d) for Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions disclosed in accordance with paragraph               Performance Data Summary
                28(c), disclose the categories included within the issuer’s measure of Scope 3
                greenhouse gas emissions, in accordance with the Scope 3 categories described
                in the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and
                Reporting Standard (2011).




124   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025
                     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




HKEX ESG REPORTING CODE CONTENT INDEX (Continued)

 Part D: Climate-related Disclosures (Continued)
 Description                                                                                           Section/Remarks
 IV. Metrics and Targets (Continued)
 Climate-related transition risks
 30. An issuer shall disclose the amount and percentage of assets or business activities All properties, assets and business
     vulnerable to climate-related transition risks.                                          activities in the ESG Report
                                                                                         located in Hong Kong are included
                                                                                           in the climate risk assessment.
 Climate-related physical risks
 31. An issuer shall disclose the amount and percentage of assets or business activities All properties, assets and business
     vulnerable to climate-related physical risks.                                            activities in the ESG Report
                                                                                         located in Hong Kong are included
                                                                                           in the climate risk assessment.
 Climate-related opportunities
 32. An issuer shall disclose the amount and percentage of assets or business activities All properties, assets and business
     aligned with climate-related opportunities.                                              activities in the ESG Report
                                                                                         located in Hong Kong are included
                                                                                           in the climate risk assessment.
 Capital deployment
 33. An issuer shall disclose the amount of capital expenditure, financing or investment           The Group may consider to
     deployed towards climate-related risks and opportunities.                                       develop a data collection
                                                                                                    mechanism to assess the
                                                                                                 capital expenditure, financing or
                                                                                                  investment deployed towards
                                                                                                     climate-related risks and
                                                                                                           opportunities.
 Internal carbon prices
 34. An issuer shall disclose:
     (a) an explanation of whether and how the issuer is applying a carbon price in decision- The Group currently does not
                                                                                            adopt an internal carbon pricing
         making (for example, investment decisions, transfer pricing, and scenario analysis);
         and                                                                                mechanism but will continue to
     (b) the price of each metric tonne of greenhouse gas emissions the issuer uses to      monitor  developments in carbon
         assess the costs of its greenhouse gas emissions;                                 pricing frameworks  and regulatory
                                                                                                      requirements.
     or an appropriate negative statement that the issuer does not apply a carbon price in
     decision-making.
 Remuneration
 35. An issuer shall disclose whether and how climate-related considerations are factored           The Group currently does
     into remuneration policy, or an appropriate negative statement. This may form part of           not incorporate climate-
     the disclosure under paragraph 19(a)(iv).                                                    related considerations into its
                                                                                                   remuneration policy and will
                                                                                                continue to monitor industry trends
                                                                                                  and regulatory requirements,
                                                                                                considering relevant remuneration
                                                                                                    mechanism if appropriate.




                                                              Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited       Annual Report 2025     125
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




      HKEX ESG REPORTING CODE CONTENT INDEX (Continued)

        Part D: Climate-related Disclosures (Continued)
        Description                                                                                              Section/Remarks
        IV. Metrics and Targets (Continued)
        Industry-based metrics
        36. An issuer is encouraged to disclose industry-based metrics that are associated with            Industry-based metrics are not
            one or more particular business models, activities or other common features that                   disclosed in this report.
            characterise participation in an industry. In determining the industry-based metrics that
            the issuer discloses, an issuer is encouraged to refer to and consider the applicability
            of the industry-based metrics associated with disclosure topics described in the IFRS
            S2 Industry-based Guidance on implementing Climate-related Disclosures and other
            industry-based disclosure requirements prescribed under other international ESG
            reporting frameworks.
        Climate-related targets
        37. An issuer shall disclose (a) the qualitative and quantitative climate related targets the issuer has set to monitor progress
            towards achieving its strategic goals; and (b) any targets the issuer is required to meet by law or regulation, including any
            greenhouse gas emissions targets. For each target, the issuer shall disclose:
            (a) the metric used to set the target;                                                         Environment and Resources –
                                                                                                            Energy and GHG Emissions
                                                                                                                   Management
            (b) the objective of the target (for example, mitigation, adaptation or conformance with       Environment and Resources –
                science-based initiatives);                                                                 Energy and GHG Emissions
                                                                                                                   Management
            (c) the part of the issuer to which the target applies (for example, whether the target        Environment and Resources –
                applies to the issuer in its entirety or only a part of the issuer, such as a specific      Energy and GHG Emissions
                business unit or geographic region);                                                               Management
            (d) the period over which the target applies;                                                  Environment and Resources –
                                                                                                            Energy and GHG Emissions
                                                                                                                   Management
            (e) the base period from which progress is measured;                                           Environment and Resources –
                                                                                                            Energy and GHG Emissions
                                                                                                                   Management
            (f) milestones or interim targets (if any);                                                    Currently no phased or interim
                                                                                                               targets have been set.
            (g) if the target is quantitative, whether the target is an absolute target or an intensity    Environment and Resources –
                target; and                                                                                 Energy and GHG Emissions
                                                                                                                   Management
            (h) how the latest international agreement on climate change, including jurisdictional            The Group may consider to
                commitments that arise from that agreement, has informed the target.                        disclose the process of setting
                                                                                                           target with the assistance of the
                                                                                                          latest international climate change
                                                                                                           agreement if appropriate, based
                                                                                                             on the nature of its business.




126   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited          Annual Report 2025
                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




HKEX ESG REPORTING CODE CONTENT INDEX (Continued)

 Part D: Climate-related Disclosures (Continued)
 Description                                                                                           Section/Remarks
 IV. Metrics and Targets (Continued)
 Climate-related targets (Continued)
 38. An issuer shall disclose information about its approach to setting and reviewing each target, and how it monitors progress
     against each target, including:
    (a) whether the target and the methodology for setting the target has been validated by       The Group has not undergone
        a third party;                                                                          third-party validation of the target
                                                                                               and the methodology for setting it.
    (b) the issuer’s processes for reviewing the target;                                         Environment and Resources –
                                                                                                  Energy and GHG Emissions
                                                                                                         Management
    (c) the metrics used to monitor progress towards reaching the target; and                    Environment and Resources –
                                                                                                  Energy and GHG Emissions
                                                                                                         Management
    (d) any revisions to the target and an explanation for those revisions.                      Environment and Resources –
                                                                                                  Energy and GHG Emissions
                                                                                                         Management
 39. An issuer shall disclose information about its performance against each climate-related     Environment and Resources –
     target and an analysis of trends or changes in the issuer’s performance.                     Energy and GHG Emissions
                                                                                                         Management
 40. For each greenhouse gas emissions target disclosed in accordance with paragraphs 37 to 39, an issuer shall disclose:
    (a) which greenhouse gases are covered by the target;                                        Environment and Resources –
                                                                                                  Energy and GHG Emissions
                                                                                                         Management
    (b) whether Scope 1, Scope 2 or Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions are covered by              Environment and Resources –
        the target;                                                                               Energy and GHG Emissions
                                                                                                         Management
    (c) whether the target is a gross greenhouse gas emissions target or a net greenhouse        Environment and Resources –
        gas emissions target. If the issuer discloses a net greenhouse gas emissions target,      Energy and GHG Emissions
        the issuer is also required to separately disclose its associated gross greenhouse               Management
        gas emissions target;
    (d) whether the target was derived using a sectoral decarbonisation approach; and               The Group’s targets are
                                                                                                    not derived from sectoral
                                                                                                   decarbonisation approach.




                                                               Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025      127
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




      HKEX ESG REPORTING CODE CONTENT INDEX (Continued)

        Part D: Climate-related Disclosures (Continued)
        Description                                                                                          Section/Remarks
        IV. Metrics and Targets (Continued)
        Climate-related targets (Continued)
                                                                                            The Group currently has no plans
            (e) the issuer’s planned use of carbon credits to offset greenhouse gas emissions to
                                                                                             to utilise carbon credits to offset
                achieve any net greenhouse gas emissions target. In explaining its planned use of
                carbon credits, the issuer shall disclose:                                     greenhouse gas emissions in
               (i) the extent to which, and how, achieving any net greenhouse gas emissions pursuit   of any net greenhouse gas
                   target relies on the use of carbon credits;                                         emissions target.

               (ii) which third-party scheme(s) will verify or certify the carbon credits;
               (iii) the type of carbon credit, including whether the underlying offset will be nature-
                     based or based on technological carbon removals, and whether the underlying
                     offset is achieved through carbon reduction or removal; and
               (iv) any other factors necessary to enable an understanding of the credibility and
                    integrity of the carbon credits the issuer plans to use (for example, assumptions
                    regarding the permanence of the carbon offset).
        Applicability of cross-industry metrics and industry-based metrics
        41. In preparing disclosures to meet the requirements in paragraphs 21 to 26 and 37 to 38,          Regarding the details of
            an issuer shall refer to and consider the applicability of (i) cross-industry metrics (see cross-industry metrics, please see
            paragraphs 28 to 35) and (ii) industry based metrics (see paragraph 36).                      paragraphs 28 to 35 above.
                                                                                                       Regarding industry based metrics,
                                                                                                        please see paragraph 36 above.




128   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025
                                                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Independent auditor’s report to the members of
Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited
(incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited (“the Company”) and
its subsidiaries (“the Group”) set out on pages 134 to 211, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position
as at 31 December 2025, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the
year then ended and notes, comprising material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2025 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of
Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We
have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters.




                                                              Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited     Annual Report 2025     129
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Continued)




      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

       Valuation of investment properties

       Refer to note 1(g) (accounting policy) and note 11 to the consolidated financial statements

       The Key Audit Matter                                         How the matter was addressed in our audit


       The Group’s investment properties which comprise             Our audit procedures in relation to valuation of investment
       retail and residential properties, car parking spaces and    properties included the following:
       godowns are located in Hong Kong. These investment
       properties were stated at their fair values of HK$4,556      –     obtaining and inspecting the valuation reports
       million as at 31 December 2025 which accounted for                 prepared by the external property valuers engaged by
       87% of the Group’s non-current assets as at that date.             the Group and on which the directors’ assessment of
                                                                          the fair values of investment properties was based;
       The fair values of the Group’s investment properties
       as at 31 December 2025 were assessed by the board            –     assessing the external property valuers’ qualifications,
       of directors based on valuations prepared by a firm of             experience and expertise in the properties being
       qualified external property valuers.                               valued and considering their objectivity;

       The valuation of the Group’s investment properties           –     with the assistance of our internal property valuation
       is complex and involves a significant degree of                    specialists and utilising their industry knowledge and
       management judgement and estimation in respect of                  experience, discussing with the external property
       the determination of capitalisation rates and prevailing           valuers, without the presence of management, their
       market rents, particularly given the dissimilar nature of          valuation methodologies, and assessing the key
       the investment properties held by the Group.                       estimates and assumptions adopted in the valuations
                                                                          by comparing capitalisation rates, prevailing market
       We identified valuation of investment properties as a              rents and comparable market transactions with the
       key audit matter because these properties represent                available market data, on a sample basis;
       the majority of the Group’s non-current assets and
       because the valuations are inherently subjective and         –     comparing tenancy information, including committed
       involve a significant degree of judgement and estimation           rents and occupancy rates, provided by the Group to
       by management which increases the risk of error or                 the external property valuers with underlying contracts
       potential management bias.                                         and related documentation, on a sample basis.




130   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Continued)




INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in the
annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon as part of our engagement to audit the consolidated financial statements. We have performed
an assurance engagement on the disclosed continuing connected transactions that form part of the other information and
provided a separate assurance practitioner’s conclusion thereon that is included within the other information.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for
such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but
to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial
reporting process.




                                                              Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited     Annual Report 2025     131
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Continued)




      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
      from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. This
      report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no
      other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

      Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
      HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
      considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
      decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
      throughout the audit. We also:

      –      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
             or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
             and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting
             from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
             misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      –      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
             appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
             Group’s internal control.

      –      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
             related disclosures made by the directors.

      –      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
             audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant
             doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
             required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
             or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence
             obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease
             to continue as a going concern.

      –      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
             disclosures and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
             manner that achieves fair presentation.

      –      Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
             of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial
             statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of
             the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




132   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Continued)




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ho Wai Ming (practising certificate
number: P05285).




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong

19 March 2026




                                                            Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025     133
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                                     2025              2024
                                                                                    Note          HK$’000           HK$’000


      Revenue                                                                       3(a)           427,252            422,910
      Direct costs                                                                                (264,176)          (258,803)


                                                                                                   163,076           164,107

      Other revenue                                                                3(a) & 4         63,255             69,764
      Other net income                                                                4             20,743             12,304
      Valuation gains on investment properties                                    3(d) & 11         50,301               2,004
      Selling and marketing expenses                                                                (5,584)             (7,589)
      Administrative expenses                                                                     (114,571)           (98,174)
      Other operating expenses                                                                     (11,142)             (7,479)


      Profit from operations                                                        3(b)           166,078           134,937

      Interest on lease liabilities                                                                   (569)             (473)
      Share of profits less losses of associates                                                       520               857
      Share of profits less losses of joint ventures                                               174,616            41,003


      Profit before taxation                                                         5             340,645           176,324

      Taxation                                                                      6(a)             (5,917)          (15,948)


      Profit for the year                                                                          334,728           160,376


      Attributable to:
        Equity shareholders of the Company                                                         335,366           163,875
        Non-controlling interests                                                                     (638)            (3,499)


      Profit for the year                                                                          334,728           160,376


      Earnings per share
        – Basic and diluted                                                          10              $ 0.94            $ 0.46




      The notes on pages 141 to 211 form part of these financial statements. Details of dividends payable to equity shareholders
      of the Company attributable to the profit for the year are set out in note 9.


134   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited       Annual Report 2025
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                      Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025



                                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000


Profit for the year                                                                                 334,728            160,376


Other comprehensive income for the year
 (after tax and reclassification adjustments):

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
   Remeasurement of employee retirement benefits assets                                                 981              1,471

  Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
    – changes in fair value recognised in securities revaluation reserve (non-recycling)             10,441             15,864


                                                                                                     11,422             17,335


Total comprehensive income for the year                                                             346,150            177,711


Attributable to:
  Equity shareholders of the Company                                                                346,788            181,210
  Non-controlling interests                                                                            (638)             (3,499)


Total comprehensive income for the year                                                             346,150            177,711




The notes on pages 141 to 211 form part of these financial statements.


                                                              Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited       Annual Report 2025   135
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      At 31 December 2025




                                                                              2025                      2024
                                                            Note        HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000


      Non-current assets
      Investment properties                                  11                      4,555,511                   2,495,790
      Other property, plant and equipment                    11                         70,128                      60,015
      Interest in leasehold land                             11                         29,448                      30,817


                                                                                     4,655,087                   2,586,622

      Interest in associates                                 13                         5,094                       5,430
      Interest in joint ventures                             14                       388,590                     691,388
      Other financial assets                                 15                       160,919                     132,965
      Other receivables and prepayments                     18(a)                      40,196                      83,304
      Net employee retirement benefits assets               16(b)                       4,368                       3,127
      Deferred tax assets                                   22(b)                       6,712                       3,479


                                                                                     5,260,966                   3,506,315
      Current assets
      Inventories                                           17(a)          75,034                 1,803,089
      Trade and other receivables                           18(b)         200,975                   186,214
      Tax recoverable                                       22(a)           3,740                       838
      Cash and bank balances                                19(a)       2,111,073                 1,876,592


                                                                        2,390,822                 3,866,733


      Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                               20          (209,210)                 (206,577)
      Lease liabilities                                      21            (8,384)                     (4,025)
      Tax payable                                           22(a)         (16,072)                   (16,179)


                                                                         (233,666)                 (226,781)


      Net current assets                                                             2,157,156                   3,639,952


      Total assets less current liabilities                                          7,418,122                   7,146,267

      Non-current liabilities
      Long service payment liabilities                      16(c)          (1,949)                    (1,229)
      Lease liabilities                                      21           (13,908)                    (3,999)
      Deferred tax liabilities                              22(b)         (91,900)    (107,757)     (87,756)       (92,984)


      NET ASSETS                                                                     7,310,365                   7,053,283




136   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)
                                                                                                          At 31 december 2025




                                                                          2025                           2024
                                                     Note           HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000


CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital                                        23(b)                         1,754,801                      1,754,801
Reserves                                                                           5,565,638                      5,307,918


Total equity attributable to equity
  shareholders of the Company                                                      7,320,439                      7,062,719

Non-controlling interests                                                            (10,074)                         (9,436)


TOTAL EqUITY                                                                       7,310,365                      7,053,283


Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 19 March 2026.




Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin                                Li Ning
Chairman                                             Director




The notes on pages 141 to 211 form part of these financial statements.


                                                             Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited     Annual Report 2025   137
      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                       Attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                     Securities
                                                                   revaluation          Other                                     Non-
                                                     Share             reserve         capital    Retained                  controlling       Total
                                                    capital    (non-recycling)       reserves       profits       Total       interests      equity
                                         Note     HK$’000             HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000
                                                (Note 23(b))        (Note 23(c))   (Note 23(c))


      Balance at 1 January 2024                  1,754,801              (21,532)         8,015    5,229,293    6,970,577         (5,937)   6,964,640

      Changes in equity for 2024:
      Profit for the year                                 –                  –               –     163,875      163,875          (3,499)    160,376
      Other comprehensive income                          –             15,864               –       1,471       17,335               –      17,335


      Total comprehensive income                          –             15,864               –     165,346      181,210          (3,499)    177,711


      Dividends approved in respect of
         the previous year                9               –                   –              –      (53,441)     (53,441)             –      (53,441)
      Dividends declared in respect of
         the current year                 9               –                   –              –      (35,627)     (35,627)             –      (35,627)


      Balance at 31 December 2024
        and 1 January 2025                       1,754,801               (5,668)         8,015    5,305,571    7,062,719        (9,436)    7,053,283

      Changes in equity for 2025:
      Profit for the year                                 –                  –               –     335,366      335,366           (638)     334,728
      Other comprehensive income                          –             10,441               –         981       11,422              –       11,422


      Total comprehensive income                          –             10,441               –     336,347      346,788           (638)     346,150


      Dividends approved in respect of
         the previous year                9               –                   –              –      (53,441)     (53,441)             –      (53,441)
      Dividends declared in respect of
         the current year                 9               –                   –              –      (35,627)     (35,627)             –      (35,627)


      Balance at 31 December 2025                1,754,801                4,773          8,015    5,552,850    7,320,439       (10,074)    7,310,365




      The notes on pages 141 to 211 form part of these financial statements.


138   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited               Annual Report 2025
                                    Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                    2025                             2024
                                                   Note       HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000


Operating activities
Profit before taxation                                                         340,645                            176,324

Adjustments for:
  Amortisation of leasehold land premium           5(b)          1,369                            1,369
  Depreciation                                     5(b)         18,842                           18,059
  Impairment losses on trade and
     other receivables                             5(b)          1,246                                  54
  Reversal of impairment losses on trade
     and other receivables                          4                 –                                (262)
  Change in fair value of other financial assets
     designated at fair value through profit or
     loss                                           4          (17,513)                           (9,912)
  Profit on disposal of other property,
     plant and equipment                            4              (45)                                 –
  Valuation gains on investment properties         11          (50,301)                            (2,004)
  Interest income                                  5(b)        (64,296)                          (93,522)
  Interest on lease liabilities                                    569                                473
  Dividend income from listed investments          5(b)         (6,957)                            (6,898)
  Share of profits less losses of associates                      (520)                              (857)
  Share of profits less losses of joint ventures              (174,616)                          (41,003)


                                                                               (292,222)                         (134,503)


Operating profit before changes
    in working capital                                                           48,423                            41,821
(Increase)/decrease in net employee retirement
   benefits assets                                                 (260)                                444
Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                  413                                (949)
Decrease/(increase) in trade and other
   receivables                                                  26,013                           (16,927)
Increase/(decrease) in trade and other
   payables                                                      3,353                            (6,169)


                                                                                 29,519                           (23,601)


Cash generated from operations                                                   77,942                            18,220

Profits tax paid                                                 (8,015)                         (13,194)


                                                                                 (8,015)                          (13,194)


Net cash generated from
 operating activities                                                            69,927                             5,026


                                                          Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025   139
      Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (Continued)
      For the year ended 31 december 2025




                                                                              2025                     2024
                                                         Note           HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000


      Investing activities
      Interest received                                                  65,384                   96,239
      Payment for the purchase of other property,
         plant and equipment                                              (7,242)                  (6,083)
      Payment for addition to investment properties                     (281,777)                  (5,096)
      Receipt from disposal of property, plant and
         equipment                                                           45                        –
      Repayment from associates                                              19                    1,047
      Loan repaid by a joint venture                      14             65,500                   50,000
      Dividends received from a joint venture                           412,000                        –
      Dividends received from listed investments                          6,957                    6,898
      Dividends received from an associate                                  750                      750
      (Increase)/decrease in bank deposits with
         maturity over three months at acquisition                      (598,357)                343,184


      Net cash (used in)/generated from
       investing activities                                                          (336,721)                486,939


      Financing activities
      Capital element of lease rental paid              19(b)             (7,445)                   (8,082)
      Interest element of lease rental paid             19(b)               (569)                     (473)
      Dividends paid                                                     (89,068)                 (89,068)


      Net cash used in financing activities                                           (97,082)                 (97,623)


      Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash
       equivalents                                                                   (363,876)                394,342

      Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                         495,398                  101,056


      Cash and cash equivalents
       at 31 December                                   19(a)                        131,522                  495,398




      The notes on pages 141 to 211 form part of these financial statements.


140   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                 Notes to the financial statements



1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    (a)   Statement of compliance

          These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards, which
          collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), Hong
          Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
          Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and the requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These
          financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing
          of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”). Material accounting policies
          adopted by the Group are disclosed below.

          The HKICPA has issued new or amended HKFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective or available for
          early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 1(c) provides information on any changes
          in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they are
          relevant to the Group for the current accounting period reflected in these financial statements.

    (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements

          The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 comprise the Company and its
          subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”) and the Group’s interest in associates and joint ventures.

          The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost basis except
          that the following assets and liabilities are stated at their fair value as explained in the accounting policies set
          out below:

          –      investment properties (see note 1(g)); and

          –      investments in equity securities (see note 1(f)).

          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS Accounting Standards requires management
          to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts
          of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
          experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
          of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not
          readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

          The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
          estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
          or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

          Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRS Accounting Standards that have significant
          effect on the financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 2.




                                                          Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited     Annual Report 2025      141
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      1      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             (c)     Changes in accounting policies

                    The Group has applied the amendments to HKAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates – Lack
                    of exchangeability issued by the HKICPA to these financial statements for the current accounting period.

                     Such amendments do not have a material effect on how the Group’s results and financial position for the
                     current or prior periods have been prepared or presented in these financial statements. The Group has not
                     applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting period.

             (d)     Subsidiaries

                     Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has
                     rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through
                     its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial
                     statements from the date on which control commences until the date on which control ceases.

                     Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses (except for foreign currency
                     transaction gains or losses) arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated. Unrealised losses resulting
                     from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent that
                     there is no evidence of impairment.

                     For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling interests (“NCI”) either at
                     fair value or at the NCI’s proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets. NCI are presented in
                     the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from equity attributable to the equity
                     shareholders of the Company. NCI in the results of the Group are presented on the face of the consolidated
                     statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                     as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between NCI and the
                     equity shareholders of the Company.

                     Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as
                     equity transactions.

                     When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, and
                     any related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss. Any
                     interest retained in that former subsidiary is measured at fair value when control is lost.

                     In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
                     impairment losses (see note 1(j)), unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group
                     classified as held for sale).




142   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                                       Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (e)   Associates and joint arrangements

          An associate is an entity in which the Group or the Company has significant influence, but not control or joint
          control, over the financial and operating policies. A joint venture is an arrangement in which the Group or
          the Company has joint control, whereby the Group or the Company has the rights to the net assets of the
          arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities.

          An interest in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method, unless it is classified as
          held for sale (or included in a disposal group classified as held for sale). They are initially recognised at cost,
          which includes transaction costs. Subsequently, the consolidated financial statements include the Group’s
          share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income (“OCI”) of those investees, until the date on which
          significant influence or joint control ceases.

          When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group’s
          interest is reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group
          has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose,
          the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method, together with any
          other long-term interests that in substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or the
          joint venture, after applying the expected credit loss (“ECL”) model to such other long-term interests where
          applicable (see note 1(j)(i)).

          Unrealised gains arising from transactions with equity-accounted investees are eliminated against the
          investment to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same
          way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent there is no evidence of impairment.

          In the Company’s statement of financial position, investments in associates and joint ventures are stated at
          cost less impairment losses (see note 1(j)), unless classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group
          that is classified as held for sale).

    (f)   Investments in securities

          The Group’s policies for investments in equity securities, other than investments in subsidiaries, associates
          and joint ventures, are set out below:

          Investments in securities are recognised/derecognised on the date the Group commits to purchase/sell the
          investment. The investments are initially stated at fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs, except
          for those investments measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”) for which transaction costs are
          recognised directly in profit or loss. For an explanation of how the Group determines fair value of financial
          instruments (see note 24(e)). These investments are subsequently accounted for as follows, depending on
          their classification.




                                                         Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited     Annual Report 2025      143
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      1      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             (f)     Investments in securities (Continued)

                     Non-equity investments

                     Non-equity investments are classified into one of the following measurement categories:

                     –      amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows which represent
                            solely payments of principal and interest. Interest income from the investment is calculated using the
                            effective interest method (see note 1(s)(v)), foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit
                            or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.

                     –      fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) – recycling, if the contractual cash flows of
                            the investment comprise solely payments of principal and interest and the investment is held within a
                            business model whose objective is achieved by both the collection of contractual cash flows and sale.
                            ECLs, interest income (calculated using the effective interest method) and foreign exchange gains
                            and losses are recognised in profit or loss and computed in the same manner as if the financial asset
                            was measured at amortised cost. The difference between the fair value and the amortised cost is
                            recognised in OCI. When the investment is derecognised, the amount accumulated in OCI is recycled
                            from equity to profit or loss.

                     –      FVPL if the investment does not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVOCI (recycling).
                            Changes in the fair value of the investment (including interest) are recognised in profit or loss.

                     Equity investments

                     An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL unless the investment is not held for trading purposes
                     and on initial recognition the Group makes an irrevocable election to designate the investment at FVOCI
                     (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in OCI. Such elections are made
                     on an instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be made if the investment meets the definition of equity
                     from the issuer’s perspective. If such election is made for a particular investment, at the time of disposal, the
                     amount accumulated in the securities revaluation reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to retained profits and
                     not recycled through profit or loss. Dividends from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether
                     classified as at FVPL or FVOCI, are recognised in profit or loss as other income (see note 1(s)(vi)).

             (g)     Investment properties

                     Investment property is initially measured at cost, and subsequently at fair value with changes therein
                     recognised in profit or loss.

                     Any gain or loss on disposal of investment property is recognised in profit or loss. Rental income from
                     investment properties is recognised in accordance with note 1(s)(i).




144   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                       Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (h)   Other property, plant and equipment

          The following property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment
          losses (see note 1(j)):

          –      right-of-use assets arising from leases over leasehold properties where the Group is not the registered
                 owner of the property interest; and

          –      items of plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets arising from leases of underlying plant and
                 equipment (see note 1(i)).

          If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then they are
          accounted for as separate items (major components).

          Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit or loss. Any
          related revaluation surplus is transferred from the revaluation reserve to retained profits and is not reclassified
          to profit or loss.

          Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment less their estimated
          residual values, if any, using the straight line method over their estimated useful lives, and is generally
          recognised in profit or loss.

          The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

          Buildings                                                   40 years or over the unexpired terms
                                                                         of the leases, if shorter
          Leasehold land                                              Over the unexpired terms of the leases
          Ferry vessels and other crafts                              8 to 20 years
          Machinery, furniture and other plant and equipment
            – Dry dock and ship lift                                  30 to 40 years
            – Others                                                  4 to 10 years

          Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted if appropriate.

    (i)   Leased assets

          At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. This is the case
          if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
          consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of the identified
          asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

          As a lessee

          At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except for
          leases that have a short lease term of 12 months or less, and leases of low-value items. When the Group
          enters into a lease in respect of a low-value item, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a
          lease-by-lease basis. If not capitalised, the associated lease payments are recognised in profit or loss on a
          systematic basis over the lease term.

                                                         Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited     Annual Report 2025      145
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      1      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             (i)     Leased assets (Continued)

                     As a lessee (Continued)

                     Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease
                     payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate
                     cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, the lease
                     liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is recognised using the effective interest method.
                     Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of the
                     lease liability, and are charged to profit or loss as incurred.

                     The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which comprises
                     the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement
                     date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying
                     asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received.
                     The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see
                     notes 1(h) and 1(j)(iii)), except for the right-of-use assets that meet the definition of investment property are
                     carried at fair value in accordance with note 1(g).

                     Refundable rental deposits are accounted for separately from the right-of-use assets in accordance with the
                     accounting policy applicable to investments in non-equity securities carried at amortised cost (see notes 1(f),
                     1(s)(v) and 1(j)(i)). Any excess of the nominal value over the initial fair value of the deposits is accounted for as
                     additional lease payments made and is included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

                     The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in
                     an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under
                     a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase,
                     extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment
                     is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount
                     of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

                     The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a lease modification, which means a change in the scope
                     of a lease or the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract, if such
                     modification is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case, the lease liability is remeasured based
                     on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the
                     modification.

                     In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities is
                     determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve months after
                     the reporting period.

                     The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property in ‘Other
                     property, plant and equipment’ and presents lease liabilities separately in the statement of financial position.




146   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited     Annual Report 2025
                                        Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (i)   Leased assets (Continued)

          As a lessor

          When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or
          an operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards
          incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the case, the lease is classified
          as an operating lease.

          When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the
          contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income from operating
          leases is recognised in accordance with note 1(s)(i).

    (j)   Credit losses and impairment of assets

          (i)    Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables

                 The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECLs on the following items:

                 –       financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents, trade and
                         other receivables and loans to associates and joint ventures);

                 –       contract assets (see note 1(k)(iii));

                 –       non-equity securities measured at FVOCI (recycling) (see note 1(f)); and

                 –       lease receivables.

                 Financial assets measured at fair value, including units in trust funds and equity securities designated
                 at FVOCI (non-recycling) are not subject to the ECL assessment.

                 Measurement of ECLs

                 ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Generally, credit losses are measured as the
                 present value of all expected cash shortfalls between the contractual and expected amounts.

                 The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following rates if the effect is material:

                 –       fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables and contract assets: effective interest
                         rate determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof;

                 –       variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate; and

                 –       lease receivables: discount rate used in the measurement of the lease receivable.

                 The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which
                 the Group is exposed to credit risk.


                                                           Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025      147
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      1      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             (j)     Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

                     (i)    Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables
                            (Continued)

                            Measurement of ECLs (Continued)

                            ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

                            –       12-month ECLs: these are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible
                                    within the 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the
                                    instrument is less than 12 months); and

                            –       lifetime ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected
                                    lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

                            The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following,
                            which are measured at 12-month ECLs:

                            –       financial instruments that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and

                            –       other financial instruments (including loan commitments issued) for which credit risk (i.e. the
                                    risk of default occurring over the expected life of the financial instrument) has not increased
                                    significantly since initial recognition.

                            Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal to
                            lifetime ECLs.

                            Significant increases in credit risk

                            When determining whether the credit risk of a financial instrument (including a loan commitment)
                            has increased significantly since initial recognition and when measuring ECLs, the Group considers
                            reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This
                            includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group’s historical
                            experience and informed credit assessment, that includes forward-looking information. The Group
                            assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more than 30 days
                            past due.




148   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (j)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables
                (Continued)

                Significant increases in credit risk (Continued)

                The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when:

                –      the debtor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the
                       Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held); or

                –      the financial asset is 90 days past due.

                The Group considers a financial instrument to have low credit risk when its credit risk rating is
                equivalent to the globally understood definition of ‘investment grade’.

                ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit
                risk since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or
                loss in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments
                with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, except
                for investments in non-equity securities that are measured at FVOCI (recycling), for which the loss
                allowance is recognised in OCI and accumulated in the securities revaluation reserve (recycling) does
                not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset in the statement of financial position.

                Credit-impaired financial assets

                At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial
                asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
                future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

                Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:

                –      significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

                –      a breach of contract, such as a default or being more than 90 days past due;

                –      the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not
                       consider otherwise;

                –      it is probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or

                –      the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the
                       issuer.




                                                          Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   149
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      1      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             (j)     Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

                     (i)    Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables
                            (Continued)

                            Write-off policy

                            The gross carrying amount of a financial asset, lease receivable or contract asset is written off to
                            the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group
                            determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient
                            cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

                            Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of
                            impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

                     (ii)   Credit losses from financial guarantees issued

                            Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified
                            payments to reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the “holder”) for a loss the holder incurs
                            because a specified debtor fails to make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt
                            instrument.

                            Financial guarantees issued are initially recognised at fair value, which is determined by reference to
                            fees charged in an arm’s length transaction for similar services, when such information is obtainable,
                            or to interest rate differentials, by comparing the actual rates charged by lenders when the guarantee
                            is made available with the estimated rates that lenders would have charged, had the guarantees not
                            been available, where reliable estimates of such information can be made. Where consideration is
                            received or receivable for the issuance of the guarantee, the consideration is recognised in accordance
                            with the Group’s policies applicable to that category of asset. Where no such consideration is received
                            or receivable, an immediate expense is recognised in profit or loss.

                            The amount initially recognised as deferred income is subsequently amortised in profit or loss over the
                            term of the guarantee as income from financial guarantees issued.

                            The Group monitors the risk that the specified debtor will default on the contract and remeasures the
                            above liability at a higher amount when ECLs on the financial guarantees are determined to be higher
                            than the carrying amount in respect of the guarantees.

                            A 12-month ECL is measured unless the risk that the specified debtor will default has increased
                            significantly since the guarantee is issued, in which case a lifetime ECL is measured. The same
                            definition of default and the same assessment of significant increase in credit risk as described in note
                            1(j)(i) apply.

                            As the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by the specified debtor in
                            accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed, an ECL is estimated based on the
                            expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amount that the
                            Group expects to receive from the holder of the guarantee, the specified debtor or any other party. The
                            amount is then discounted using the current risk-free rate adjusted for risks specific to the cash flows.

150   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                       Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (j)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

          (iii)   Impairment of other non-current assets

                  At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets (other than
                  property carried at revalued amounts, investment property, inventories and other contract costs,
                  contract assets and deferred tax assets) to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If
                  any such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.

                  For impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
                  cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or
                  cash-generating units (“CGUs”).

                  The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less
                  costs of disposal. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted to their present
                  value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money
                  and the risks specific to the asset or CGU.

                  An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable
                  amount.

                  Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. They are allocated first to reduce the carrying
                  amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other
                  assets in the CGU on a pro rata basis.

                  For other assets, an impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the resulting carrying amount
                  does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or
                  amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

    (k)   Inventories

          (i)     Trading stocks

                  Trading stocks are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost includes the cost of
                  materials computed using the weighted average method. Net realisable value is the estimated selling
                  price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

                  When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognised as an expense in
                  the period in which the related revenue is recognised. The amount of any write-down of inventories to
                  net realisable value and all losses of inventories are recognised as an expense in the period the write-
                  down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of any write-down of inventories is recognised as a
                  reduction in the amount of inventories recognised as an expense in the period in which the reversal
                  occurs.




                                                         Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025     151
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      1      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             (k)     Inventories (Continued)

                     (ii)    Spare parts and consumables

                             Spare parts and consumables are stated at cost, computed using the weighted average method, less
                             provision for obsolescence.

                     (iii)   Contract assets

                             Contract assets are recognised when the Group recognises revenue (see note 1(s)) before being
                             unconditionally entitled to the consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract. Contract
                             assets are assessed for ECLs (see note 1(j)(i)) and are reclassified to receivables when the right to the
                             consideration has become unconditional (see note 1(l)).

                     (iv)    Property development

                             Inventories in respect of property development activities are carried at the lower of cost and net
                             realisable value. Cost and net realisable values are determined as follows:

                             –      Properties under development for sale

                                    The cost of properties under development for sale comprises specifically identified cost,
                                    including the acquisition cost of land, aggregate cost of development, materials and supplies,
                                    wages and other direct expenses, and an appropriate proportion of overheads. Net realisable
                                    value represents the estimated selling price less estimated costs of completion and costs to be
                                    incurred in selling the property.

                             –      Completed properties held for sale

                                    The cost of completed properties held for sale comprises all costs of purchase, costs of
                                    conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and
                                    condition.

                                    In the case of completed properties developed by the Group, cost is determined by
                                    apportionment of the total development costs for that development project, attributable to the
                                    unsold properties. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price less costs to be
                                    incurred in selling the property.

                                    When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognised as an
                                    expense in the period in which the related revenue is recognised.

                                    The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realisable value and all losses of inventories
                                    are recognised as an expense in the period the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of
                                    any reversal of any write-down of inventories is recognised as a reduction in the amount of
                                    inventories recognised as an expense in the period in which the reversal occurs.




152   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                                       Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (l)   Trade and other receivables

          A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration and only the
          passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

          Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured at their
          transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and other receivables are
          initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are subsequently stated at amortised cost
          (see note 1(j)(i)), less allowance for impairment losses.

    (m) Trade and other payables

          Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, trade and other
          payables are stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they
          are stated at invoice amounts.

    (n)   Contract liabilities

          A contract liability is recognised as forward sales deposits received when the customer pays consideration
          before the Group recognises the related revenue (see note 1(s)). A contract liability is also recognised if the
          Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue. In
          such cases, a corresponding receivable is also recognised (see note 1(l)).

          When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest accrued
          under the effective interest method.

    (o)   Cash and cash equivalents

          Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and in hand, demand deposits with banks and other
          financial institutions, and other short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
          amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three
          months of maturity at acquisition. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part
          of the Group’s cash management are also included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the
          purpose of the consolidated cash flow statement. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECL (see note
          1(j)(i)).




                                                         Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited     Annual Report 2025      153
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      1      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             (p)     Employee benefits

                     (i)    Short term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution
                            retirement plans

                            Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised
                            for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay
                            this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated
                            reliably.

                            Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement plans are expensed as the related
                            service is provided.

                     (ii)   Defined benefit plan obligations

                            The Group has the following two categories of defined benefit plans:

                            –       defined benefit retirement plans registered under the Hong Kong Occupational Retirement
                                    Schemes Ordinance (the “ORSO plans”); and

                            –       Long service payments (“LSP”) under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance.

                            The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by
                            estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods
                            and discounting that amount. For ORSO plans, the net obligation is after deducting the fair value of
                            plan assets. For LSP obligations, the estimated amount of future benefit is determined after deducting
                            the negative service cost arising from the accrued benefits derived from the Group’s MPF contributions
                            that have been vested with employees, which are deemed to be contributions from the relevant
                            employees.

                            The calculation of defined benefit obligation is performed by a qualified actuary using the projected unit
                            credit method. For ORSO plans, when the calculation results in a benefit to the Group, the recognised
                            asset is limited to the present value of economic benefits available in the form of any future refunds
                            from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan.

                            Remeasurements arising from defined benefit plans, which comprise actuarial gains and losses, the
                            return on plan assets in ORSO plans (excluding interest) and the effect of any asset ceiling (excluding
                            interest), are recognised immediately in OCI. Net interest expense for the period is determined by
                            applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the
                            reporting period to the then net defined benefit liability, taking into account any changes in the net
                            defined benefit liability during the period. Net interest expense and other expenses related to defined
                            benefit plans are recognised in profit or loss.




154   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                         Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (q)   Income tax

          Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax assets. It is recognised in profit or loss except to
          the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in OCI.

          Current tax comprises the estimated tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year
          and any adjustments to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The amount of current tax
          payable or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects any
          uncertainty related to income taxes. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
          reporting date.

          Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.

          Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
          liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.

          Deferred tax is not recognised for:

          –       temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a
                  business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give
                  rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;

          –       temporary differences related to investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture to the extent
                  that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is
                  probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future;

          –       taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill; and

          –       those related to the income taxes arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted to implement
                  the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.

          The Group recognised deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities separately in relation to its lease liabilities
          and right-of-use assets.

          Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary
          differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be
          used. Future taxable profits are determined based on the reversal of relevant taxable temporary differences. If
          the amount of taxable temporary differences is insufficient to recognise a deferred tax asset in full, then future
          taxable profits, adjusted for reversals of existing temporary differences, are considered, based on the business
          plans for individual subsidiaries in the Group. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are
          reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised; such reductions
          are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.




                                                            Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025      155
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      1      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             (q)     Income tax (Continued)

                     Where investment properties are carried at their fair value in accordance with note 1(g), the amount of deferred
                     tax recognised is measured using the tax rates that would apply on sale of those assets at their carrying value
                     at the reporting date, unless the property is depreciable and is held within a business model whose objective
                     is to consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the property over time, rather than
                     through sale. In all other cases, the measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would
                     follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying
                     amount of its assets and liabilities.

                     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.

             (r)     Provisions and contingent liabilities

                     Generally provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that
                     reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability.

                     A provision for onerous contracts is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of
                     terminating the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract, which is determined based
                     on the incremental costs of fulfilling the obligation under that contract and an allocation of other costs directly
                     related to fulfilling that contract. Before a provision is established, the Group recognises any impairment loss
                     on the assets associated with that contract (see note 1(j)(iii)).

                     Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
                     estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of
                     economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence
                     or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the
                     probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

                     Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a provision is expected to be reimbursed by another
                     party, a separate asset is recognised for any expected reimbursement that would be virtually certain. The
                     amount recognised for the reimbursement is limited to the carrying amount of the provision.

             (s)     Revenue recognition

                     Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of properties, the provision of
                     services or the use by others of the Group’s assets under leases in the ordinary course of the Group’s
                     business.

                     Except for the healthcare agency services, the Group is the principal for its revenue transactions and
                     recognises revenue on a gross basis. In determining whether the Group acts as a principal or as an agent,
                     it considers whether it obtains control of the products before they are transferred to the customers. Control
                     refers to the Group’s ability to direct the use of and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the
                     products.




156   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025
                                        Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (s)   Revenue recognition (Continued)

          Further details of the Group’s revenue recognition policies are as follows:

          (i)     Rental income from operating leases

                  Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term
                  of the lease. Lease incentives granted are recognised as an integral part of the total rental income, over
                  the term of the lease. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised
                  as income in the accounting period in which they are earned.

          (ii)    Sale of goods

                  Revenue is recognised when the customer takes possession of and accepts the products. If the
                  products are a partial fulfilment of a contract covering other goods and/or services, then the amount
                  of revenue recognised is an appropriate proportion of the total transaction price under the contract,
                  allocated between all the goods and services promised under the contract on a relative stand-alone
                  selling price basis.

          (iii)   Ferry and shipyard operations

                  Revenue relating to ferry operations is recognised when the relevant ferry services are provided.

                  Revenue from shipyard operations is recognised progressively over time using the cost-to-cost method, i.e.
                  based on the proportion of the actual costs incurred relative to the estimated total costs.

                  When the outcome of the contract cannot be reasonably measured, revenue is recognised only to the
                  extent of contract costs incurred that are expected to be recovered.

          (iv)    Medical, healthcare and beauty services

                  Revenue from medical, healthcare and beauty services is recognised when the relevant services are
                  provided.

                  Revenue from healthcare agency services is recognised when the obligation to arrange for the
                  provision of the specified service is fulfilled.

          (v)     Interest income

                  Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method. Effective interest
                  method using the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life
                  of the financial asset to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset. For financial assets measured
                  at amortised cost or FVOCI (recycling) that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied
                  to the gross carrying amount of the asset. For credit-impaired financial assets, the effective interest
                  rate is applied to the amortised cost (i.e. gross carrying amount net of loss allowance) of the asset (see
                  note 1(j)(i)).




                                                          Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025      157
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      1      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             (s)     Revenue recognition (Continued)

                     (vi)    Dividends

                             Dividend income from listed investments is recognised in profit or loss on the date when the Group’s
                             right to receive payment is established.

                     (vii)   Other practical expedients applied

                             In addition, the Group has applied the following practical expedients:

                             –      The Group has recognised the incremental costs of obtaining contracts relating to the sale
                                    of properties and services as an expense when incurred in accordance with paragraph 94
                                    of HKFRS 15, as the amortisation period of the assets that the Group otherwise would have
                                    recognised is within the same reporting period as the date of entering into the contract.

                             –      For sales contracts that had an original expected duration of one year or less, the Group
                                    has not disclosed the information related to the aggregated amount of the transaction price
                                    allocated to the remaining performance obligations in accordance with paragraph 121(a) of
                                    HKFRS 15.

             (t)     Translation of foreign currencies

                     Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the respective functional currencies of group companies
                     at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.

                     Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency
                     at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value
                     in a foreign currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate when the fair value
                     was determined. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured based on historical cost in a foreign
                     currency are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency differences are
                     generally recognised in profit or loss.

                     The assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates at
                     the reporting date. The income and expenses of foreign operations are translated into Hong Kong dollars at
                     the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.

                     Foreign currency differences are recognised in OCI and accumulated in the exchange reserve.

                     When a foreign operation is disposed of in its entirely or partially such that control, significant influence or joint
                     control is lost, the cumulative amount in the exchange reserve related to that foreign operation is reclassified
                     to profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal. On disposal of a subsidiary that includes a foreign
                     operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that foreign operation that have been
                     attributed to the NCI shall be derecognised, but shall not be reclassified to profit or loss. If the Group disposes
                     of part of its interest in a subsidiary but retains control, then the relevant proportion of the cumulative amount
                     is reattributed to NCI. When the Group disposes of only part of an associate or joint venture while retaining
                     significant influence or joint control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative amount is reclassified to profit or
                     loss.

158   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited     Annual Report 2025
                                       Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (u)   Related parties

          (i)    A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                 (A)    has control or joint control over the Group;

                 (B)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                 (C)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group.

          (ii)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                 (A)    The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                        subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                 (B)    One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of
                        a member of a Group of which the other entity is a member).

                 (C)    Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                 (D)    One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                        entity.

                 (E)    The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or
                        an entity related to the Group.

                 (F)    The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in note (u)(i).

                 (G)    A person identified in note (u)(i)(A) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the
                        key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                 (H)    The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                        services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

          Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be
          influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

    (v)   Segment reporting

          Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements, are
          identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management
          for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of
          business.

          Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
          segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
          services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
          the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which
          are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.


                                                          Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited        Annual Report 2025   159
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      2      CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

             Notes 16(b), 16(c) and 24 contain information about the assumptions and their risk factors relating to ORSO plan
             assets, LSP liabilities and financial instruments. Other key sources of estimation uncertainty and critical accounting
             judgements in applying the Group’s accounting policies are as follows:

             (a)     Valuation of investment properties

                     In determining the fair value of the investment properties, the Group has considered information from different
                     sources, including a valuation performed by a firm of professional valuers after taking into consideration the
                     net rental income allowing for reversionary income potential, and other available market survey reports.

                     The assumptions adopted in the property valuations are based on the market conditions existing at the end of
                     the reporting period, with reference to the appropriate capitalisation rate and occupancy rate.

             (b)     Recognition of deferred tax assets

                     At 31 December 2025, the Group had recognised deferred tax assets in relation to the unused tax losses
                     amounting to approximately HK$58,840,000 (2024: HK$11,570,000). The realisability of the deferred tax
                     assets mainly depends on whether it is probable that future taxable profits or taxable temporary differences
                     will be available against which related tax benefits under the deferred tax assets can be utilised. In cases
                     where the actual future taxable profits or taxable temporary differences generated are less than expected, a
                     reversal of deferred tax assets may arise, which will be recognised in profit or loss for the period in which such
                     a reversal takes place.


      3      SEGMENT INFORMATION

             The operating segments are identified on the basis of internal reports about components of the Group that are
             regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker in order to allocate resources to the segment and to assess
             its performance.

             In a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s most senior executive
             management for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment, the Group has presented the
             following five reportable segments.

             –       Property development: development and sale of properties.

             –       Property investment: rental income from leasing of properties.

             –       Ferry, shipyard and related operations: income from operation of dangerous goods vehicular ferry service and
                     ship repairs and maintenance services and sales of goods on cruise vessels.

             –       Medical, healthcare and beauty services: income from provision of medical, healthcare and beauty services.

             –       Securities investment: dividend, interest and other income from listed securities investments.

             Segment information is presented only in respect of the Group’s business segments. No geographical analysis is
             shown as substantially all of the Group’s revenue and profit from operations were derived from activities in Hong
             Kong.


160   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                                       Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




3   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

    Segment results

    For the purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources between segments, the Group’s most
    senior executive management monitors the results attributable to each reportable segment on the following bases:

    Revenue and expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to sales generated by those
    segments and the expenses incurred by those segments or which otherwise arise from the depreciation or
    amortisation of assets attributable to those segments.

    The segment information for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 about these reportable segments is
    presented below:

    (a)    Segment revenue

                                                                         Elimination of                   Revenue
                                                                         inter-segment                  from external
                                            Total revenue                   revenue                      customers
                                              2025          2024          2025             2024          2025           2024
                                          HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000


           Property development                 –             –              –               –             –               –
          Property investment             194,142       172,523           257              189     193,885           172,334
          Ferry, shipyard and
             related operations           167,674       179,416          1,916            1,552    165,758           177,864
          Medical, healthcare
             and beauty services           57,090        40,209            13              106        57,077          40,103
          Securities investment             9,405        11,792              –               –         9,405          11,792
          Others                          182,801       187,591       118,419         97,010          64,382          90,581


                                          611,112       591,531       120,605         98,857       490,507           492,674


           Analysed by:
           Revenue                                                                                 427,252           422,910
          Other revenue                                                                               63,255          69,764


                                                                                                   490,507           492,674


           The principal activities of the Group are property development, property investment, ferry, shipyard and related
           operations, medical, healthcare and beauty services and securities investment.




                                                         Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025    161
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      3      SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

             Segment results (Continued)

             (a)     Segment revenue (Continued)

                     Disaggregation in revenue

                     Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major service lines is as follows:

                                                                                                        2025            2024
                                                                                                     HK$’000         HK$’000


                     Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of HKFRS 15

                     Disaggregated by service lines
                       – Revenue from property development                                                  –               –
                       – Revenue from ferry operations                                                101,896         104,589
                       – Revenue from shipyard operations                                              52,889          60,254
                       – Revenue from medical, healthcare, and beauty services                         56,958          37,399


                                                                                                      211,743         202,242


                     Revenue from other sources
                       – Property investment                                                          147,032         125,361
                       – Securities investment                                                          6,957           6,898
                       – Others                                                                        61,520          88,409


                                                                                                      215,509         220,668


                                                                                                      427,252         422,910


                     Apart from revenue from shipyard operations which is recognised over time, the Group’s other revenue
                     streams within the scope of HKFRS 15 are recognised at a point in time.

                     Revenue represents gross income from the sale of properties, sales value of goods delivered to customers,
                     income from services rendered, rental income, interest income and dividend income.

                     At 31 December 2025, the aggregate amount of revenue expected to be recognised in profit or loss in the
                     future from construction and repairing contracts entered into in relation to the Group’s shipyard operations
                     amounted to HK$18,831,000 (2024: HK$18,884,000), which will be recognised over time until the work is
                     completed, which is expected to occur over the next 12 months.




162   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                       Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




3   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

    Segment results (Continued)

    (b)   Segment result

                                                                                             Reportable segment
                                                                                                 (loss)/profit
                                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000


          Property development                                                                (10,394)             (9,241)
          Property investment (note 3(d))                                                     119,806             76,507
          Ferry, shipyard and related operations                                              (20,088)             (7,977)
          Medical, healthcare and beauty services                                              (4,354)           (27,616)
          Securities investment                                                                23,944             16,372


                                                                                              108,914             48,045
          Others (note 3(e))                                                                   57,164             86,892


                                                                                              166,078            134,937


    (c)   Reconciliation of reportable segment profit

                                                                                                2025               2024
                                                                                             HK$’000            HK$’000


          Reportable segment profit derived from external customers                           108,914             48,045
          Other profit derived from external customers                                         57,164             86,892
          Interest on lease liabilities                                                          (569)              (473)
          Share of profits less losses of associates and joint ventures                       175,136             41,860


          Profit before taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss              340,645            176,324


    (d)   The segment result of the “Property investment” included valuation gains on investment properties of
          HK$50,301,000 (2024: HK$2,004,000).

    (e)   “Others” mainly comprises interest income, corporate expenses and exchange gains/losses.




                                                          Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited     Annual Report 2025   163
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      3      SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

             Segment results (Continued)

             (f)     Other segment information

                                                     Depreciation      Provision for/(reversal of)          Capital
                                                   and amortisation       impairment losses           expenditure incurred
                                                      2025        2024        2025          2024          2025          2024
                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000


                     Property investment                  –              –       1,084       (208)      281,776       5,096
                     Ferry, shipyard and
                       related operations            7,539        8,297           162           –         2,398       1,987
                     Medical, healthcare
                       and beauty services          11,880       10,343              –          –         4,484       3,512
                     Others                            792          788              –          –           361         584


                                                    20,211       19,428          1,246       (208)      289,019      11,179


      4      OTHER REVENUE AND NET INCOME

                                                                                                       2025           2024
                                                                                                    HK$’000        HK$’000


             Other revenue
             Management fee income                                                                   29,411         27,772
             Other income                                                                            16,351         19,110
             Air-conditioning charges income                                                         14,660         17,768
             Other interest income                                                                    2,833          5,114


                                                                                                     63,255         69,764


             Other net income
             Change in fair value of other financial assets designated at FVPL                       17,513          9,912
             Sundry income                                                                            2,172          1,042
             Income from sale of spare parts                                                            998          1,105
             Profit on disposal of other property, plant and equipment                                   45               –
             Net exchange gains/(losses)                                                                 15             (17)
             Reversal of impairment losses on trade and other receivables                                 –            262


                                                                                                     20,743         12,304




164   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                                           Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




5   PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

    Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

    (a)     Staff costs

                                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000



            Expense recognised in respect of defined benefit retirement plans:
              – ORSO plans (note 16(b)(v))                                                              220                 388
              – LSP (note 16(c))                                                                        308                 285
            Contributions to defined contribution retirement plan                                     4,157               3,917


            Total retirement costs                                                                   4,685               4,590
            Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                     139,000             136,088


                                                                                                   143,685             140,678


    (b)     Other items

                                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000


            Amortisation of leasehold land premium                                                    1,369              1,369
            Depreciation                                                                             18,842             18,059
            Cost of inventories (note 17(b))                                                          7,252              8,279
            Auditor’s remuneration
               – audit services                                                                       1,978               1,992
               – other services                                                                         366                 366
            Impairment losses on trade and other receivables                                          1,246                  54
            Rentals receivable from investment properties less direct outgoings of
               HK$74,920,000 (2024: HK$64,249,000) (note)                                           (72,112)            (61,112)
            Rentals receivable from leases, other than those relating to
               investment properties, less direct outgoings of HK$1,022,000
               (2024: HK$841,000)                                                                    (2,097)              (2,215)
            Interest income                                                                         (64,296)            (93,522)
            Dividend income from other financial assets designated at FVPL                           (3,588)              (2,559)
            Dividend income from other financial assets designated at FVOCI                          (3,369)              (4,339)


           Note:    Included contingent rental income which is determined based on turnover of certain shops and commercial arcades
                    of HK$2,386,000 (2024: HK$2,989,000).




                                                              Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited       Annual Report 2025     165
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      6      INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS

             (a)     Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents

                                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000


                     Current tax – Hong Kong Profits Tax
                     Provision for the year                                                                        4,911                9,027
                     Provision for the claims (note)                                                                  97                  107
                     (Over)/under-provision in respect of prior years                                                 (2)                  50


                                                                                                                   5,006                9,184
                     Deferred tax
                     Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                               911                6,764


                                                                                                                   5,917               15,948


                     The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for 2025 is calculated at 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) of the estimated
                     assessable profits for the year, except for one subsidiary of the Group which is a qualifying corporation under
                     the two-tiered Profits Tax rate regime.

                     For this subsidiary, the first HK$2 million of assessable profits are taxed at 8.25% and the remaining
                     assessable profits are taxed at 16.5%. The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for this subsidiary was
                     calculated at the same basis in 2024.

                     The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for 2025 takes into account a reduction granted by the Government
                     of 100% of the tax payable for the year of assessment 2024/25 subject to a maximum reduction of HK$1,500
                     for each business (2024: a maximum reduction of HK$3,000 was granted for the year of assessment 2023/24
                     and was taken into account in calculating the provision for 2024).

                    Note:   In prior years, the Inland Revenue Department (“IRD”) raised additional profits tax assessments on a subsidiary
                            of the Group covering the years of assessment from 2001/02 to 2009/10 as the IRD disallowed the deduction of
                            certain capital expenditure incurred by the subsidiary (the “claims”). Notices of objection were filed with the IRD by
                            the subsidiary. In February 2017 and March 2022, the IRD further raised additional profits tax assessments covering
                            the years of assessment from 2010/11 to 2014/15 and 2015/16 in respect of such disallowance. Management
                            has sought advice from the Group’s tax adviser and has filed a notice of objection against such additional tax
                            assessments. In August 2022, IRD issued a determination regarding previous objections and continued to disallow
                            the claims. The subsidiary filed a notice of appeal to the Board of Review in September 2022 and the appeal was
                            heard in July and August 2024. As at the approval date of these financial statements, the Board of Review has yet
                            to hand down its decision. During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group made an additional provision of
                            HK$97,000 for the claims.




166   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025
                                      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




6   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS (Continued)

    (b)   Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit at an applicable
          tax rate

                                                                                              2025                2024
                                                                                           HK$’000             HK$’000


          Profit before taxation                                                            340,645             176,324


          Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated at the rates
            applicable to profit in tax jurisdictions concerned                              56,040              28,926
          Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                               3,732               1,160
          Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                  (53,329)            (23,727)
          Tax effect of current year’s tax losses not recognised                              4,148               7,223
          Tax effect of prior years’ unrecognised tax losses recognised this year            (4,404)                  –
          Tax effect of temporary differences on investment properties
            and other property, plant and equipment                                             (268)             2,316
          (Over)/under-provision in respect of prior years                                        (2)                50


          Actual tax expense                                                                  5,917              15,948




                                                        Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025   167
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      7      DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS

             Directors’ and Chief Executive’s emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies
             Ordinance, Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation and Appendix
             D2 to the Listing Rules are as follows:

                                                                                                Retirement schemes
                                                                Directors’ fees                     contribution
                                                                  2025            2024               2025           2024
                                                               HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000


             Executive directors
               Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin                                200              200                 –                 –
               Mr. Li Ning                                          150              150                 –                 –
               Mr. Lee Gabriel                                      150              150                 –                 –

             Non-executive directors
              Mr. Au Siu Kee, Alexander                             100              100                 –                 –
              Mr. Lau Yum Chuen, Eddie
                (retired on 30 May 2025)                                41           100                 –                 –

             Independent non-executive directors
               Mr. Ho Hau Chong, Norman                             300              300                 –                 –
               Ms. Wong Yu Pok, Marina                              300              300                 –                 –
               Mr. Wu King Cheong                                   300              300                 –                 –
               Mr. Chan Wai Yan, Ronald                             250              250                 –                 –


                                                                  1,791            1,850                 –                 –


                                                               Salaries and other               Retirement schemes
                                                                  emoluments                       contributions
                                                                  2025            2024               2025          2024
                                                               HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000


             Group General Manager
              Mr. Lee Gabriel                                     5,291            5,230               264               261




168   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




8   EMOLUMENTS OF FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS AND SENIOR
    MANAGEMENT

    (a)   Five highest paid individuals

          Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, one (2024: one) is the chief executive whose emoluments
          is disclosed in note 7. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the remaining four (2024: four)
          individuals are as follows:

                                                                                             2025                 2024
                                                                                          HK$’000              HK$’000


          Salaries and other emoluments                                                      7,607                6,379
          Retirement scheme contributions                                                      379                  318


                                                                                             7,986                6,697


          The emoluments of the four (2024: four) individuals with the highest emoluments are within the following
          bands:

                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                       Number of             Number of
            HK$                                                                        individuals           individuals


            1,500,001–2,000,000                                                                     2                 4
            2,000,001–2,500,000                                                                     1                 –
            2,500,001–3,000,000                                                                     1                 –


    (b)   Emoluments of senior management

          Other than the emoluments of directors, chief executive and five highest paid individuals disclosed in notes 7
          and 8(a), the emoluments of the remaining senior management whose profiles are provided in Directors’ and
          Senior Management’s Profile fell within the following band:

                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                       Number of             Number of
            HK$                                                                        individuals           individuals


            500,001–1,000,000                                                                       1                 1
            1,000,001–1,500,000                                                                     1                 1




                                                       Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited       Annual Report 2025   169
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      9      DIVIDENDS

             (a)     Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the
                     year

                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000


                     Interim dividend declared and paid of HK10 cents
                        (2024: HK10 cents) per ordinary share                                           35,627            35,627
                     Final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period
                        of HK15 cents (2024: HK15 cents) per ordinary share                             53,441            53,441


                                                                                                        89,068            89,068


                     The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognised as a liability at the
                     end of the reporting period.

             (b)     Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the
                     previous financial year, approved and paid during the year

                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000


                     Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year,
                       approved and paid during the year, of HK15 cents
                       (2024: HK15 cents) per ordinary share                                            53,441            53,441


      10     EARNINGS PER SHARE

             The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of the
             Company of HK$335,366,000 (2024: HK$163,875,000) and 356,273,883 (2024: 356,273,883) ordinary shares in
             issue during the year.

             There were no dilutive potential ordinary shares in existence during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024,
             therefore diluted earnings per share are the same as basic earnings per share for both years.




170   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                                   Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




11   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES, OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND EqUIPMENT
     AND INTEREST IN LEASEHOLD LAND

                                                  Ferry
                                                vessels    Machinery,                               Interest in
                                              and other      furniture               Investment     leasehold
                                 Buildings        crafts   and others    Sub-total    properties          land        Total
                                 HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000


     Cost or valuation:
     At 1 January 2024           111,226       120,610       303,578     535,414     2,488,690       159,407      3,183,511
     Additions                      7,414          219         4,794      12,427         5,096             –         17,523
     Disposals                     (5,907)           –          (348)      (6,255)           –             –          (6,255)
     Valuation gains                    –            –             –            –        2,004             –           2,004


     At 31 December 2024         112,733       120,829       308,024     541,586     2,495,790       159,407      3,196,783


     Representing:
     Cost                        112,733       120,829       308,024     541,586             –       159,407        700,993
     Valuation                         –             –             –           –     2,495,790             –      2,495,790


                                 112,733       120,829       308,024     541,586     2,495,790       159,407      3,196,783


     Accumulated amortisation
        and depreciation:
     At 1 January 2024             85,169      119,338       265,260     469,767              –      127,221       596,988
     Charge for the year           10,997          220         6,842      18,059              –        1,369        19,428
     Written back on disposals      (5,907)          –          (348)      (6,255)            –            –         (6,255)


     At 31 December 2024           90,259      119,558       271,754     481,571              –      128,590       610,161


     Net book value:
     At 31 December 2024           22,474        1,271        36,270       60,015    2,495,790        30,817      2,586,622




                                                       Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025       171
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      11     INVESTMENT PROPERTIES, OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND EqUIPMENT
             AND INTEREST IN LEASEHOLD LAND (Continued)

                                                                  Ferry
                                                                vessels Machinery,                             Interest in
                                                              and other   furniture              Investment     leasehold
                                               Buildings         crafts and others     Sub-total properties          land      Total
                                                HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000


             Cost or valuation:
             At 1 January 2025                     112,733     120,829      308,024     541,586    2,495,790     159,407     3,196,783
             Additions                              24,389         360        4,206      28,955      281,777           –       310,732
             Transfer from completed
                properties held for sale                 –           –            –           –    1,727,643            –    1,727,643
             Disposals                             (17,463)          –         (322)    (17,785)           –            –      (17,785)
             Valuation gains (note 11(b))                –           –            –           –       50,301            –       50,301


             At 31 December 2025                   119,659     121,189      311,908     552,756    4,555,511     159,407     5,267,674


             Representing:
             Cost                                  119,659     121,189      311,908     552,756            –     159,407       712,163
             Valuation                                   –           –            –           –    4,555,511           –     4,555,511


                                                   119,659     121,189      311,908     552,756    4,555,511     159,407     5,267,674


             Accumulated amortisation
                and depreciation:
             At 1 January 2025                      90,259     119,558      271,754     481,571           –      128,590      610,161
             Charge for the year                    12,057         185        6,600      18,842           –        1,369       20,211
             Written back on disposals             (17,463)          –         (322)    (17,785)          –            –      (17,785)


             At 31 December 2025                    84,853     119,743      278,032     482,628           –      129,959      612,587


             Net book value:
             At 31 December 2025                    34,806        1,446      33,876      70,128    4,555,511      29,448     4,655,087




172   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025
                                       Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




11   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES, OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND EqUIPMENT
     AND INTEREST IN LEASEHOLD LAND (Continued)

     (a)   Fair value measurement of investment properties

           (i)   Fair value hierarchy

                 The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s investment properties measured at the end of
                 the reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined
                 in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement . The level into which a fair value measurement is classified
                 is determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation
                 technique as follows:

                 –      Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted prices
                        in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

                 –      Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to
                        meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for
                        which market data are not available

                 –      Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

                                                                                 Fair value measurements as at
                                                                               31 December 2025 categorised into
                                                           Fair value at
                                                          31 December
                                                                   2025          Level 1         Level 2         Level 3
                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000


                 Recurring fair value measurement
                 Investment properties                         4,555,511                –               –      4,555,511


                                                                                  Fair value measurements as at
                                                                                31 December 2024 categorised into
                                                             Fair value at
                                                            31 December
                                                                    2024         Level 1         Level 2         Level 3
                                                                HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000


                 Recurring fair value measurement
                 Investment properties                         2,495,790                –               –      2,495,790




                                                         Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025      173
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      11     INVESTMENT PROPERTIES, OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND EqUIPMENT
             AND INTEREST IN LEASEHOLD LAND (Continued)

             (a)     Fair value measurement of investment properties (Continued)

                     (i)    Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

                            During the year ended 31 December 2025, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2, or
                            transfers into or out of Level 3 (2024: Nil). The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels
                            of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.

                            Valuation process

                            All the Group’s investment properties were revalued as at 31 December 2025 and 2024. The
                            valuations were carried out by a firm of surveyors, Cushman & Wakefield Limited, who have among
                            their staff Members of the Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors with recent experience in the location and
                            category of property being valued, on a market value basis. The management has discussion with the
                            surveyors on the valuation assumptions and valuation results when the valuation is performed at each
                            interim and annual reporting date.

                     (ii)   Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

                            The fair values of investment properties were determined using income capitalisation approach which
                            capitalised the net income of the properties and taking into account the reversionary potential of
                            properties after expiry of the current leases except for an investment property which was determined
                            using market comparison approach by reference to recent sales price of comparable properties on a
                            price per square foot basis using market data which is publicly available.

                            Below is a table which presents the significant unobservable inputs:

                            Income capitalisation approach

                                                                   Range of                               Range of
                                                              capitalisation rates                     occupancy rates
                                                                 2025                  2024              2025                2024
                                                                    %                    %                 %                   %


                            Residential                         3.5%                     –                47%                 –
                            Retail                        2.75% – 5%         2.75% – 4.75%         81% – 100%        86% – 100%
                            Car park                   4.125% – 6.5%         4.125% – 6.5%         58% – 100%        58% – 100%


                            Market comparison approach

                                                            Market unit sales price                  Adopted market rate
                                                                 2025               2024                 2025            2024
                                                            HK$/sq. ft.        HK$/sq. ft.          HK$/sq. ft.    HK$/sq. ft.


                            Godown                           609 – 705            652 – 839                 700               700


174   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                        Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




11   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES, OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND EqUIPMENT
     AND INTEREST IN LEASEHOLD LAND (Continued)

     (a)   Fair value measurement of investment properties (Continued)

           (ii)   Information about Level 3 fair value measurements (Continued)

                  The fair value measurement of investment properties is positively correlated to the occupancy rate and
                  market unit sales price and negatively correlated to the capitalisation rate.

                  The movements during the year in the balance of these Level 3 fair value measurements are as follows:

                                                                                                2025                2024
                                                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000


                  Investment properties
                  At 1 January                                                              2,495,790          2,488,690
                  Additions                                                                   281,777              5,096
                  Transfer from completed properties held for sale                          1,727,643                  –
                  Valuation gains                                                              50,301              2,004


                  At 31 December                                                            4,555,511          2,495,790


                  Fair value adjustment of investment properties is recognised in the line item “valuation gains on
                  investment properties” on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

                  All the gains or losses recognised in profit or loss for the year arise from the properties held at the end
                  of the reporting period.

     (b)   During the year, the Group entered into a leasing agreement with Tung Wah Group of Hospitals (“TWGH”).
           Under the agreement, the Group leased all residential units of The Symphonie to TWGH (as sub-tenant), for
           use as a youth hostel for a term of 5 years and received rental income at the agreed market level. As a result,
           The Symphonie was reclassified from completed properties held for sale to investment properties. Pursuant to
           the Development Agreement dated 13 July 2018 and Supplemental Deed to Development Agreement dated
           30 May 2025 between the Group and Urban Renewal Authority (“URA”), URA is entitled to share the interest
           in The Symphonie including rental income generated by it in excess of a predetermined gross development
           value. Accordingly, the respective entitlement of URA in the amount of HK$4,979,000 as at 31 December
           2025 has been recognised in profit or loss as an adjustment to the fair value of the property during the year
           ended 31 December 2025.




                                                          Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025      175
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      11     INVESTMENT PROPERTIES, OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND EqUIPMENT
             AND INTEREST IN LEASEHOLD LAND (Continued)

             (c)     The Group leases out investment properties under operating leases. The leases typically run for an initial
                     period of one month to three years, with an option to renew the lease after that date at which time all terms
                     are renegotiated. Certain of the leases include variable lease payment calculated with reference to the revenue
                     of tenants.

                     All properties held under operating leases that would otherwise meet the definition of investment properties
                     are classified as investment properties.

                     The Group’s total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are receivable as
                     follows:

                                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                                                                                       HK$’000               HK$’000


                     Within 1 year                                                                      155,701               83,009
                     After 1 year but within 2 years                                                    108,613               42,082
                     After 2 years but within 3 years                                                    87,301               11,332
                     After 3 years but within 4 years                                                    54,408                    –
                     After 4 years but within 5 years                                                    29,512                    –


                                                                                                        435,535              136,423


             (d)     Right-of-use assets

                     The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as follows:

                                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                                                                                       HK$’000               HK$’000


                     Other properties leased for own use, carried at
                       depreciated cost (note)                                                            21,287               7,583




176   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                                           Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




11   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES, OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND EqUIPMENT
     AND INTEREST IN LEASEHOLD LAND (Continued)

     (d)   Right-of-use assets (Continued)

           The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised in profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                                         2025                 2024
                                                                                                      HK$’000              HK$’000


           Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset:
           Other properties leased for own use                                                            8,009                7,180
           Machinery, furniture and others                                                                    –                   34


                                                                                                          8,009                7,214


           Interest on lease liabilities                                                                    569                  473


           During the year, additions to right-of-use assets were HK$21,713,000 (2024: HK$6,344,000). The amount
           primarily related to the capitalised lease payments payable under new tenancy agreements.

           Note:   Other properties leased for own use
                   The Group has obtained the right to use other properties as its office space and ferry piers through tenancy
                   agreements. The leases typically run for an initial period of two to three years. None of the leases includes variable
                   lease payments.




                                                               Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited         Annual Report 2025        177
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      12     INTEREST IN SUBSIDIARIES

             The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities
             of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.

                                                                             Proportion of
                                                                           ownership interests
                                                       Particulars of
                                                    issued and paid      Held by the         Held by
                                                          up capital      Company        subsidiaries    Principal activities

             Century Time Holdings Limited            10,000 shares             85%                 –    Medical, healthcare and beauty
                                                                                                           services

             Galaxy Hotel Management                1,000,000 shares               –           100%      Floating restaurant business
               Company Limited

             Genius Star Development Limited                2 shares           100%                 –    Property investment

             HKF Property Investment Limited                2 shares           100%                 –    Property investment

             Hong Kong Ferry Finance Company                2 shares           100%                 –    Funding for group companies
               Limited

             HYFCO Development Company,             1,200,003 shares           100%                 –    Investment holding
               Limited

             HYFCO Estate Management &              2,500,000 shares           100%                 –    Property management
               Agency Limited

             HYFCO Trading and Investments                  2 shares           100%                 –    Trading
               Company Limited

             Jet Legend Limited                              1 share           100%                 –    Property development and financing

             Join Galaxy Limited                            2 shares               –           100%      Property financing

             Lenfield Limited                               2 shares           100%                 –    Property development, investment
                                                                                                           and financing

             Pico International Limited             6,000,000 shares           100%                 –    Investment holding

             Prosper Link Investment Limited                 1 share           100%                 –    Property investment

             The Hong Kong Shipyard Limited          170,000 shares            100%                 –    Shipbuilding and repairs

             The Hongkong and Yaumati Ferry         1,000,000 shares           100%                 –    Ferry operations
               Company Limited

             Topkey Development Limited                      1 share           100%                 –    Healthcare services

             Well Dynamic Limited                            1 share           100%                 –    Property development, investment
                                                                                                           and financing

             World Fame Shipping Limited                    2 shares           100%                 –    Property development and
                                                                                                           investment

             World Light Limited                             1 share           100%                 –    Property development, investment
                                                                                                           and financing

             All the subsidiaries listed above are incorporated in Hong Kong.




178   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited     Annual Report 2025
                                        Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




13   INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000


     Share of net assets                                                                          730                 973
     Share of net liabilities                                                                    (457)               (383)
     Amounts due from associates                                                               11,615             11,634
     Less: impairment loss                                                                     (6,794)             (6,794)


                                                                                                5,094              5,430


     All of the amounts due from associates are unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed terms of repayment. All the
     amounts due from associates are not expected to be recovered within one year.

     The following list contains the particulars of associates, all of which are unlisted corporate entities whose quoted
     market price is not available:

                                                                              Proportion of
                                                     Particulars of             ownership
                                                  issued and paid          interest held by      Principal
                                                        up capital             subsidiaries      activities


     2OK                                         10 ordinary shares                     50%      Property financing

     Authian Estates Limited                        5,000 A shares                      50%      Property investment
                                                    5,000 B shares

     Winwide Limited                            100 ordinary shares                     30%      Trading

     All of the associates are incorporated and operate in Hong Kong.

     All of the above associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.




                                                          Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited     Annual Report 2025   179
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      13     INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

             Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material:

                                                                                                           2025                  2024
                                                                                                        HK$’000               HK$’000


             Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial
               associates in the consolidated financial statements                                            273                   590

             Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of those associates’
               Profit for the year                                                                            520                   857
               Total comprehensive income                                                                     520                   857


      14     INTEREST IN JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                                           2025                  2024
                                                                                                        HK$’000               HK$’000


             Share of net assets                                                                         301,746               539,035
             Share of net liabilities                                                                       (156)                 (147)
             Advances to a joint venture                                                                  87,000               152,500


                                                                                                         388,590               691,388


             The advances to a joint venture is unsecured, interest-bearing at Hong Kong dollar prime rate minus 3% per annum
             and has no fixed terms of repayment. An amount of HK$65,500,000 (2024: HK$50,000,000) was recovered from a
             joint venture during the year ended 31 December 2025.

             Details of the Group’s interest in material joint ventures, which are accounted for using the equity method in the
             consolidated financial statements, are as follows:

                                                                                                      Proportion
                                                                Place of                           of ownership
                                          Form of business incorporation         Particulars of interest held by
               Name of joint venture             structure and business         issued capital      subsidiaries   Principal activities


               Mega Capital Enterprises        Incorporated   Hong Kong       2 ordinary shares            50%      Property financing
                 Limited

               Win Standard Enterprises        Incorporated   Hong Kong 10,000 ordinary shares             50%      Property development
                 Limited                                                                                              and financing

             The joint ventures are unlisted corporate entities whose quoted market prices are not available.




180   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025
                                          Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




14   INTEREST IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)

     Summarised financial information of a material joint venture, adjusted for any differences in accounting policies and
     reconciled to the carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed below:

                                                                                                 Win Standard
                                                                                              Enterprises Limited
                                                                                                  2025            2024
       Gross amounts of the joint venture’s                                                   HK$’000          HK$’000


       Current assets                                                                           427,407            1,326,655
       Non-current assets                                                                       222,057              250,042
       Current liabilities                                                                      (79,562)            (524,808)
       Non-current liabilities                                                                        –                    –
       Total equity                                                                             569,902            1,051,889

       Included in the above assets and liabilities:
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                              116,610              939,131
         Current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables
            and provisions)                                                                              –                  –
         Contract liabilities                                                                            –                  –
         Non-current financial liabilities                                                               –                  –


       Revenue                                                                                   11,834               52,369
       Profit for the year                                                                      342,013               70,579
       Other comprehensive income                                                                     –                    –
       Total comprehensive income                                                               342,013               70,579

       Included in the above profit:
         Interest income                                                                          9,648               53,979
         Interest expenses                                                                            –                     –
         Taxation                                                                               (65,497)               (3,091)


     No depreciation and amortisation is included in the above profit.

                                                                                                 Win Standard
                                                                                              Enterprises Limited
                                                                                                  2025            2024
                                                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000


     Reconciled to Group’s interest in the joint venture

     Gross amounts of the joint venture’s net assets                                            569,902            1,051,889
     Group’s effective interest                                                                    50%                  50%


     Group’s share of the joint venture’s net assets                                            284,951              525,945




                                                            Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited       Annual Report 2025   181
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      14     INTEREST IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)

             Aggregate information of joint ventures that is not individually material:

                                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000


             Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial
               joint ventures in the consolidated financial statements                                           16,639               12,943

             Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of those joint ventures’
               Profit for the year                                                                                 3,609               5,713
               Total comprehensive income                                                                          3,609               5,713


      15     OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS

                                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000


             Financial assets designated at FVOCI (non-recycling) (note)
               – Equity securities listed in Hong Kong                                                           69,001               58,560

             Financial assets designated at FVPL
               – Unit trust listed in Hong Kong                                                                  91,918               74,405


                                                                                                                160,919              132,965


             Market value of listed securities at 31 December                                                   160,919              132,965


             Note:   The Group has designated certain investments as equity securities designated as financial assets at FVOCI (non-recycling)
                     as the investments are held for strategic purposes which are subject to regular strategic review. Details of the investments
                     are as follows:

                                                                                                                   2025                 2024
                       Name of equity securities                                                                HK$’000              HK$’000


                       Bank of China Limited                                                                      45,881               40,840
                       Agricultural Bank of China Limited                                                         23,120               17,720


                       As at 31 December                                                                          69,001               58,560




182   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025
                                         Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




16   POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS

     The Group operates a MPF scheme for the employees and a retirement plan registered under the Occupational
     Retirement Schemes Ordinance (Chapter 426 of the Laws of Hong Kong) for the employees in Hong Kong. In
     addition, the employees employed under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance are also entitled to LSP if the
     eligibility criteria are met.

     The ORSO plans and LSP are defined benefit plans. The analysis of the carrying amount of defined benefit plan
     assets/obligations is as follows:

                                                                                                2025                2024
                                                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000


     ORSO plan assets (note 16(b))                                                              4,368               3,127


     LSP liabilities (note 16(c))                                                               (1,949)            (1,229)


     A portion of the above liability is expected to be settled after more than one year. However, it is not practicable to
     segregate this amount from the amounts payable in the next twelve months, as future contributions will also relate to
     future services rendered and future changes in actuarial assumptions and market conditions. The Group expects to
     pay HK$83,000 (2024: HK$76,000) in contributions to defined benefit plan in 2026.

     (a)     MPF scheme

             The Group operates a MPF scheme under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance
             for employees employed under the jurisdiction of the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance and not previously
             covered by the Group’s ORSO plans. The MPF scheme is a defined contribution retirement plan administered
             by independent trustees. Under the MPF scheme, the employer and its employees are each required to
             make contributions to the plan at 5% of the employees’ relevant income, subject to a cap of monthly relevant
             income of HK$30,000. Contributions to the plan vest immediately, there is no forfeited contributions that may
             be used by the Group to reduce the existing level of contribution.

     (b)     ORSO plan assets

             The ORSO plans of the Group are administered by trustees, who are independent, with their assets held
             separately from those of the Group.

             The plan is funded by contributions from the Group in accordance with an independent actuary’s
             recommendation based on annual actuarial valuations. The latest independent actuarial valuation of the plan
             was at 31 December 2025 and was prepared by qualified staff of Towers Watson Hong Kong Limited, who
             are members of recognised actuarial bodies, using the projected unit credit method. The actuarial valuation
             indicates that 100% (2024: 100%) of the Group’s obligations under the defined benefit plan are covered by
             the plan assets held by the trustees.




                                                          Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025   183
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      16     POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (Continued)

             (b)     ORSO plan assets (Continued)

                     The plan exposes the Group to actuarial risks, such as interest rate risk, investment risk and longevity risk.
                     Information about the plan is disclosed below:

                     (i)    The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:

                                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000


                            Fair value of plan assets                                                  15,940             13,009
                            Present value of wholly or partly funded obligations                      (11,572)             (9,882)


                                                                                                        4,368              3,127


                            The plan assets do not include any share issued by the Company or any property occupied by the
                            Group.

                     (ii)   Plan assets consist of the following:

                                                                                                         2025               2024


                            Equity securities                                                          88.6%              90.1%
                            Cash and cash equivalents                                                  11.4%               9.9%


                            Total                                                                     100.0%             100.0%


                            All of the equity securities have quoted prices in active markets.




184   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                        Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




16   POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (Continued)

     (b)   ORSO plan assets (Continued)

           (iii)   Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations:

                                                                                               2025                 2024
                                                                                            HK$’000              HK$’000


                   At 1 January                                                                9,882               17,325
                   Remeasurements:
                     – Actuarial loss/(gain) arising from changes in
                          financial assumptions                                                  579                  (604)
                     – Actuarial loss arising from changes in experience                         456                   107
                     – Actuarial loss arising from changes in
                          demographic assumptions                                                     –                  3


                                                                                               1,035                  (494)


                   Current service cost                                                          290                   405
                   Interest cost                                                                 365                   436
                   Benefits paid by the plan                                                       –                (7,790)


                   At 31 December                                                             11,572                9,882


           (iv)    Movements in plan assets:

                                                                                               2025                 2024
                                                                                            HK$’000              HK$’000


                   At 1 January                                                               13,009               19,425
                   Interest income                                                               482                   499
                   Return more than discount rate                                              2,416                   826
                   Benefits paid by the plan                                                       –                (7,790)
                   Administrative expenses paid                                                  (47)                   (46)
                   Contributions paid to the plan                                                 80                     95


                   At 31 December                                                             15,940               13,009




                                                         Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited       Annual Report 2025   185
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      16     POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (Continued)

             (b)     ORSO plan assets (Continued)

                     (v)    Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                            are as follows:

                                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000


                            Current service cost                                                            290               405
                            Net interest on net defined benefit assets                                     (117)               (63)
                            Administrative expenses paid                                                     47                 46


                            Total amounts recognised in profit or loss                                      220               388


                            Actuarial loss/(gain)                                                         1,035               (494)
                            Return on plan assets, excluding interest income                             (2,416)              (826)


                            Total amounts recognised in other comprehensive income                       (1,381)            (1,320)


                            Total defined benefit gain                                                   (1,161)              (932)


                            The current service cost, the net interest on defined benefit liabilities and the administrative expenses
                            paid are recognised in the following item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss:

                                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000


                            Administrative expenses                                                         220               388




186   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                       Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




16   POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (Continued)

     (b)   ORSO plan assets (Continued)

           (vi)   Significant actuarial assumptions (expressed as weighted averages) and sensitivity analysis are as
                  follows:

                                                                                                2025                2024


                  Discount rate                                                                 2.9%                3.7%
                  Long-term salary increase rate                                                  4%                  4%


                  The below analysis shows how the defined benefit obligations would have (increased)/decreased as a
                  result of 0.25% change in the significant actuarial assumptions:

                                                      Increase in 0.25%                     Decrease in 0.25%
                                                         2025            2024                  2025            2024
                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000               HK$’000         HK$’000


                  Discount rate                             186                179               (190)              (183)
                  Future salary                            (182)              (175)               178                172


                  The above sensitivity analysis is based on the assumption that changes in actuarial assumptions
                  are not correlated and therefore it does not take into account the correlations between the actuarial
                  assumptions.

     (c)   LSP liabilities

           Hong Kong employees that have been employed continuously for at least five years are entitled to LSP in
           accordance with the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance under certain circumstances. These circumstances
           include where an employee is dismissed for reasons other than serious misconduct or redundancy, that
           employee resigns at the age of 65 or above, or the employment contract is of fixed term and expires without
           renewal. The amount of LSP payable is determined with reference to the employee’s final salary (capped
           at HK$22,500) and the years of service, reduced by the amount of any accrued benefits derived from the
           Group’s contributions to MPF scheme (see note 16(a)) or ORSO plans (see note 16(b)), with an overall cap of
           HK$390,000 per employee. Currently, the Group does not have any separate funding arrangement in place to
           meet its LSP obligation.

           Starting from 1 May 2025, the Hong Kong Employment and Retirement Schemes Legislation (Offsetting
           Arrangement) (Amendment) Ordinance 2022 (the “2022 Amendment Ordinance”) came into effect, which
           abolishes the statutory right of an employer to reduce its LSP payable to a Hong Kong employee by drawing
           on its mandatory contributions to the MPF scheme. Separately, a 25-year scheme to provide a subsidy (“Subsidy”)
           for employers’ costs in relation to the post-transition portion of the LSP has been implemented with effect on
           1 May 2025.




                                                         Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025   187
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      16     POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (Continued)

             (c)     LSP liabilities (Continued)

                     Among other things, upon the abolition of the offsetting mechanism takes effect, an employer can no longer
                     use any of the accrued benefits derived from its mandatory MPF contributions (irrespective of the contributions
                     made before, on or after the Transition Date) to reduce the LSP in respect of an employee’s service from the
                     Transition Date. However, where an employee’s employment commenced before the Transition Date, the
                     employer can continue to use the above accrued benefits to reduce the LSP in respect of the employee’s
                     service up to that date; in addition, the LSP in respect of the service before the Transition Date will be
                     calculated based on the employee’s monthly salary immediately before the Transition Date and the years of
                     service up to that date.

                     The Group has accounted for the offsetting mechanism and its abolition as disclosed in note 1(p)(ii) and the
                     Subsidy as government grants.

                     The Group has determined that the Amendment Ordinance primarily impacts the Group’s LSP liability with
                     respect to Hong Kong employees that do not participate in the Group’s ORSO plans. The Amendment
                     Ordinance has no material impact on the Group’s LSP liability with respect to employees that participate in the
                     Group’s ORSO plans.

                     The Group was not entitled to any Subsidy during the year ended 31 December 2025.

                     The present value of unfunded obligations and its movements are as follows:

                                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000


                     At 1 January                                                                         1,229            1,152
                     Expenses recognised in profit or loss:
                       Current service cost                                                                 265               253
                       Interest cost                                                                         43                 32
                     Remeasurement recognised in other comprehensive income                                 400              (151)
                     Benefits received/(paid)                                                                12                (57)


                     At 31 December                                                                       1,949            1,229


                     The weighted average duration of the LSP liabilities is 6 years (2024: 6 years).




188   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                                       Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




16   POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (Continued)

     (c)   LSP liabilities (Continued)

           The above expenses are recognised in the following line items in the consolidated statement of profit or loss:

                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000


           Direct costs                                                                           30                  47
           Administrative expenses                                                               278                 238


                                                                                                 308                 285


           Significant actuarial assumptions (expressed as weighted averages) and sensitivity analysis are as follows:

                                                                                                2025                2024


           Discount rate                                                                        2.9%                3.6%
           Future salary increases                                                                4%                  4%
           Expected investment return MPF accrued benefits                                      4.5%                4.5%


           The below analysis shows how the LSP liabilities would have (increased)/decreased as a result of 0.25%
           change in the significant actuarial assumptions:

                                                        Increase in 0.25%                    Decrease in 0.25%
                                                          2025             2024                2025            2024
                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000             HK$’000         HK$’000


           Discount rate                                     (28)               (17)              (28)                (19)
           Future salary                                       8                  9                 8                   8


           The above sensitivity analysis is based on the assumption that changes in actuarial assumptions are not
           correlated and therefore it does not take into account the correlations between the actuarial assumptions.




                                                         Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025   189
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      17     INVENTORIES

             (a)     Inventories in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise

                                                                                                   2025         2024
                                                                                                HK$’000      HK$’000


                     Property development
                     Properties under development for sale                                         6,933        6,933
                     Completed properties held for sale                                           61,076    1,788,719


                                                                                                  68,009    1,795,652


                     Other operations
                     Trading stocks                                                                 4,995      5,917
                     Spare parts and consumables                                                    2,030      1,520


                                                                                                    7,025      7,437


                                                                                                  75,034    1,803,089


                     The above properties are situated in Hong Kong and held under medium-term leases.

                     All of the inventories are expected to be recovered within one year.

             (b)     The analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as an expense and
                     included in profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                                   2025         2024
                                                                                                HK$’000      HK$’000


                     Carrying amount of inventories sold                                            7,252      8,279




190   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




18   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

     (a)   Non-current

                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000


           Instalment receivables                                                            37,327             83,304
           Other receivables and prepayments                                                  2,869                  –


                                                                                             40,196             83,304


           Instalment receivables represent the proceeds receivable from the sale of properties due after more than one
           year from the end of the reporting period. The balance included under non-current assets is not past due.
           Instalment receivables due within one year from the end of the reporting period are included in “Trade and
           other receivables” under current assets.

     (b)   Current

                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000


           Trade receivables                                                                 87,934             70,356
           Instalment receivables                                                             1,631              2,605
           Less: loss allowance                                                                (630)                 (5)


                                                                                             88,935             72,956
           Other receivables and prepayments                                                 76,161             79,285
           Amounts due from joint ventures                                                   35,879             33,973


                                                                                            200,975            186,214


           All of the current trade and other receivables are expected to be recovered or recognised as expense
           within one year. Included in the trade and other receivables are amounts due from related companies of
           HK$60,776,000 (2024: HK$62,140,000) which are unsecured, interest-free and recoverable on demand.
           Related companies are companies under control of a company/person which has significant influence on the
           Group.

           The amounts due from joint venture are unsecured, interest-free and recoverable on demand.




                                                        Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited     Annual Report 2025   191
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      18     TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

             (b)     Current (Continued)

                     (i)    Ageing analysis

                            Included in trade and other receivables are trade debtors (net of loss allowance) with the following
                            ageing analysis based on due date at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000


                            Current                                                                       65,452              32,465
                            1 to 3 months overdue                                                         19,432              30,805
                            More than 3 months but less than 12 months overdue                             1,749               9,503
                            More than 12 months overdue                                                    2,302                 183


                                                                                                          88,935              72,956


                            Trade debtors are due ranging from 7 to 45 days from the date of billing. Debtors with balances that
                            are more than 60 days overdue are generally required to settle all outstanding balances before any
                            further credit is granted. Further details on the Group’s credit policy are set out in note 24(a).

                     (ii)   Impairment of trade debtors

                            Impairment losses in respect of trade debtors are recorded using an allowance account unless the
                            Group is satisfied that recovery of the amount is remote, in which case the impairment loss is written
                            off against trade debtors directly (see note 1(j)(i)).

                            The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which
                            include a specific element based on individual receivables and a collective element calculated using a
                            provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate significantly different
                            loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past due status is not
                            further distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.

                            The movement in the loss allowance accounts during the year is as follows:

                                                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000


                            At 1 January                                                                        5              2,651
                            Impairment losses recognised                                                    1,246                 54
                            Impairment losses reversed                                                          –               (262)
                            Uncollectible amount written off                                                 (621)            (2,438)


                            At 31 December                                                                    630                   5




192   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                        Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




18   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

     (b)   Current (Continued)

           (ii)   Impairment of trade debtors (Continued)

                  The Group has recognised an ECL on trade debtors amounting to HK$630,000 (2024: HK$5,000)
                  as at 31 December 2025, calculated on 100% of certain individual trade debtors with significantly
                  increased credit risk. The identified impairment losses on the remaining trade debtors was immaterial
                  as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.


19   CASH AND BANK BALANCES

     (a)                                                                                        2025                  2024
                                                                                             HK$’000               HK$’000


           Deposits with banks and other financial institutions                             1,979,551             1,799,001
           Cash at bank and in hand                                                           131,522                77,591


           Cash and bank balances in the consolidated statement of
             financial position                                                             2,111,073             1,876,592
           Less: Bank deposits with maturity over three months
                    at acquisition                                                         (1,979,551)           (1,381,194)


           Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated cash flow statement                  131,522               495,398


           Included in cash and bank balances are the following amounts denominated in a currency other than Hong
           Kong dollars:

                                                                                                 2025                  2024
                                                                                                 ’000                  ’000


           United States dollars                                                                       13                13
           Renminbi                                                                                    88                61
           Macau Patacas                                                                               22                29




                                                          Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited        Annual Report 2025   193
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      19     CASH AND BANK BALANCES (Continued)

             (b)     Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                     The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and
                     non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or future
                     cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated cash flow statement as cash flows from financing
                     activities.

                                                                                                          Lease liabilities
                                                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000
                                                                                                             (Note 21)


                     At 1 January                                                                            8,024              9,762

                     Changes from financing cash flows:

                     Capital element of lease rentals paid                                                  (7,445)            (8,082)
                     Interest element of lease rentals paid                                                   (569)              (473)


                     Total changes from financing cash flows                                                (8,014)            (8,555)


                     Other changes:
                     Increase in lease liabilities from entering into new leases during the year           21,713               6,344
                     Interest expenses                                                                        569                 473


                     Total other changes                                                                   22,282               6,817


                     At 31 December                                                                        22,292               8,024


             (c)     Total cash outflow for leases

                     Amounts included in the cash flow statement for leases comprise the following:

                                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                                         HK$’000             HK$’000


                     Within financing cash flows                                                             8,014              8,555


                     This amount relate to the following:

                                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                                         HK$’000             HK$’000


                     Lease rentals paid                                                                      8,014              8,555



194   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                                         Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




20   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

     All of the trade and other payables except for an amount of HK$14,513,000 (2024: HK$19,607,000) are expected
     to be settled within one year. Included in the trade and other payables are amounts due to related companies of
     HK$38,266,000 (2024: HK$29,110,000) which are unsecured, interest-free and repayable within 30–45 days or
     repayable on demand. Related companies are companies under control of a company which has significant influence
     on the Group.

     Included in trade and other payables are trade payables with the following ageing analysis based on due date at the
     end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000


     Due within 1 month or on demand                                                          115,577           118,912
     Due after 1 month but within 3 months                                                        997             1,256
     Due after 3 months but within 12 months                                                        –                 –
     More than 12 months                                                                            2                 2


                                                                                              116,576           120,170


     The amount of revenue recognised for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 that was included in contract
     liabilities as at 1 January 2025 and 2024 were HK$21,211,000 and HK$13,491,000 respectively.


21   LEASE LIABILITIES

     At 31 December 2025, the lease liabilities were repayable as follows:

                                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000


     Within 1 year                                                                              8,384             4,025


     After 1 year but within 2 years                                                            8,937             1,219
     After 2 years but within 5 years                                                           4,971             2,780


                                                                                               13,908             3,999


                                                                                               22,292             8,024




                                                          Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025   195
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      22     INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

             (a)     Tax payable/(recoverable) in the consolidated statement of financial position
                     represents

                                                                                           2025        2024
                                                                                        HK$’000     HK$’000


                     Provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for the year                      4,911       9,027
                     Provisional Profits Tax paid                                         (8,424)     (9,583)


                                                                                         (3,513)       (556)
                     Balance of Hong Kong Profits Tax payable relating to prior years    15,845      15,897


                                                                                         12,332      15,341


                     Represented by:

                                                                                           2025        2024
                                                                                        HK$’000     HK$’000


                     Tax payable                                                         16,072      16,179
                     Tax recoverable                                                     (3,740)       (838)


                                                                                         12,332      15,341




196   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                              Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




22   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     (Continued)

     (b)   Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised

           Movement of each component of deferred tax assets and liabilities

           The components of deferred tax liabilities/(assets) recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
           position and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                           Temporary
                                                          differences
                                                     from investment                             Intra-group
                                                       properties and                                interest
                                                       other property,            Future       capitalised in
                                                             plant and         benefit of   properties under
             Deferred tax arising from:                    equipment          tax losses       development                 Total
                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000              HK$’000             HK$’000


             At 1 January 2024                                 82,233             (2,073)              (2,647)             77,513
             Charged to profit or loss (note 6(a))              6,600                164                    –               6,764


             At 31 December 2024 and
                1 January 2025                                 88,833             (1,909)              (2,647)             84,277
             Charged/(credited) to profit or loss
                (note 6(a))                                     8,713             (7,802)                   –                911


             At 31 December 2025                               97,546             (9,711)              (2,647)             85,188


           Represented by:

                                                                                                     2025                  2024
                                                                                                  HK$’000               HK$’000


           Net deferred tax asset recognised in the consolidated
            statement of financial position                                                          (6,712)              (3,479)
           Net deferred tax liability recognised in the consolidated
            statement of financial position                                                          91,900               87,756


                                                                                                     85,188               84,277




                                                              Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited         Annual Report 2025   197
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      22     INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
             (Continued)

             (c)     Deferred tax assets not recognised

                     In accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 1(q), the Group has not recognised the following
                     deferred tax assets in respect of deductible temporary differences and cumulative tax losses as it is not
                     probable that future taxable profits against which the deductible temporary differences and tax losses can be
                     utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and entity. The tax losses do not expire under current
                     tax legislation.

                                                                             2025                                 2024
                                                                   Deductible                           Deductible
                                                                    temporary                           temporary
                                                                  differences/      Deferred           differences/         Deferred
                                                                    tax losses    tax assets             tax losses       tax assets
                                                                      HK$’000       HK$’000               HK$’000          HK$’000


                     Excess of tax written down values over
                        accounting carrying values of other
                        property, plant and equipment                     3,433              566             1,715              283

                     Tax losses                                        338,913            55,921          343,144            56,619


                                                                       342,346            56,487          344,859            56,902




198   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                                          Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




23   CAPITAL AND RESERVES

     (a)   Movements in components of equity

           The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated
           equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in the Company’s
           individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out below:

           The Company

                                                                                       Share         Retained
                                                                                      capital          profits         Total
                                                                     Note           HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000
                                                                                  (Note 23(b))


           Balance at 1 January 2024                                                1,754,801        2,362,035      4,116,836

           Changes in equity for 2024:
           Loss for the year                                                                –          (38,279)        (38,279)
           Other comprehensive income                                                       –            1,323           1,323


           Total comprehensive income                                                       –          (36,956)        (36,956)


           Dividends approved in respect of the previous year          9                    –          (53,441)        (53,441)
           Dividends declared in respect of the current year           9                    –          (35,627)        (35,627)


           Balance at 31 December 2024
             and 1 January 2025                                                     1,754,801        2,236,011      3,990,812

           Changes in equity for 2025:
           Profit for the year                                                              –           24,169         24,169
           Other comprehensive income                                                       –            1,384          1,384


           Total comprehensive income                                                       –           25,553         25,553


           Dividends approved in respect of the previous year          9                    –          (53,441)        (53,441)
           Dividends declared in respect of the current year           9                    –          (35,627)        (35,627)


           Balance at 31 December 2025                                              1,754,801        2,172,496      3,927,297




                                                                Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   199
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      23     CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

             (b)     Share capital

                                                                           2025                               2024
                                                                   Number of                          Number of
                                                                      shares           HK$’000           shares         HK$’000


                     Ordinary shares, issued
                      and fully paid:

                     At 1 January/31 December                     356,273,883         1,754,801     356,273,883        1,754,801


                     In accordance with section 135 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, the ordinary shares of the Company
                     do not have a par value.

                     The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled
                     to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the
                     Company’s residual assets.

             (c)     Nature and purpose of reserves

                     (i)    Securities revaluation reserve (non-recycling)

                            The securities revaluation reserve (non-recycling) comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value
                            of equity investments designated at FVOCI under HKFRS 9 that are held at the end of the reporting
                            period (see note 1(f)).

                     (ii)   Other capital reserves

                            The other capital reserves comprise the following:

                            –       the unrealised profit on inter-company interest capitalised under investment properties; and

                            –       the gain on sale of additional shares of a subsidiary to NCI.




200   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                                          Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




23   CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

     (d)    Distributability of reserves

            At 31 December 2025, the aggregate amount of reserves available for distribution to equity shareholders of
            the Company, as calculated under the provisions of Part 6 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, was
            HK$2,136,660,000 (2024: HK$2,200,128,000). After the end of the reporting periods the directors proposed
            a final dividend of HK15 cents (2024: HK15 cents) per ordinary share, amounting to HK$53,441,000 (2024:
            HK$53,441,000) (note 9). This dividend has not been recognised as a liability at the end of the reporting
            period.

     (e)    Capital management

            The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
            going concern and ensure that it maintains a healthy capital ratio in order to support its business and provide
            returns for shareholders.

            The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure under the policy of prudent financial
            management. The Group maintains a financially sound capital position and, where appropriate, makes
            adjustments to it, in light of changes in economic conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the
            Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares.
            No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes during the years ended 31 December 2025
            and 2024.

            Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements.


24   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS

     Exposure to credit, liquidity, currency and equity price risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s business. The
     Group is also exposed to equity price risk arising from its equity investments in other entities and movements in its
     own equity share price.

     The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group to
     manage these risks are described below.

     (a)    Credit risk

            Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligation resulting in a financial
            loss to the Group.

            The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to bank deposits and trade and other receivables. Management
            has a credit policy in place and the exposures to these credit risks are monitored on an ongoing basis.




                                                             Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025      201
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      24     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
             INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

             (a)     Credit risk (Continued)

                     Cash is deposited with financial institutions with sound credit ratings and the Group has exposure limit to any
                     single financial institution. Given their high credit ratings, management does not expect any of these financial
                     institutions will fail to meet their obligations.

                     Regular review and follow-up actions are carried out on overdue amounts of instalments receivable from
                     sale of properties which enable management to assess their recoverability and to minimise the exposure to
                     credit risk. In respect of other trade receivables, individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers
                     requiring credit over a certain amount. These evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making
                     payments when due and current ability to pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as
                     well as pertaining to the economic environment in which the customer operates. Trade receivables are due
                     ranging from 7 to 45 days from the date of billing. Debtors with balances that are more than 60 days overdue
                     are requested to settle all outstanding balances before any further credit is granted. Normally, the Group does
                     not obtain collateral from customers.

                     The Group’s exposure to credit risk is not influenced by the individual characteristics of each customer as the
                     Group does not have a certain concentration of credit risk of the total trade and other receivables.

                     The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of each financial asset in the
                     statement of financial positions. Except for the financial guarantees given by the Company as set out in note
                     25, the Group does not provide any other guarantees to third parties which would expose the Group to credit
                     risk.

                     Further quantitative disclosures in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade and other
                     receivables are set out in note 18.

             (b)     Liquidity risk

                     The treasury functions of the Group is centralised at the head office. Individual operating entities within the
                     Group are responsible for their own cash management, including the short term investment of cash surpluses
                     to cover expected cash demands, subject to approval by the Company’s board when the borrowings exceed
                     certain predetermined levels of authority. The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements,
                     to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash from major financial institutions to meet its liquidity
                     requirements in the short and longer term.




202   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                       Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




24   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     (b)   Liquidity risk (Continued)

           The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the
           Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including
           interest payments computed using contractual rates at the end of the reporting period) and the date the
           Group is contractually required to pay, or if the counterparty has the choice of when the amount should be
           paid (irrespective of the fulfilment of covenants), the earliest date the Group can be required to pay.

                                                                   2025
                                                  Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                            More than          More than
                                            Within             1 year            2 years
                                             1 year          but less           but less                        Carrying
                                              or on              than               than                       amount at
                                           demand             2 years            5 years          Total     31 December
                                           HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000


           Trade and other payables         177,128               9,264              5,249       191,641         191,641
           Lease liabilities                  8,932               9,227              5,032        23,191          22,292


                                                                       2024
                                                       Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                              More than          More than
                                              Within             1 year            2 years
                                              1 year            but less           but less                       Carrying
                                               or on               than               than                      amount at
                                            demand              2 years            5 years          Total    31 December
                                           HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000


           Trade and other payables         165,759              13,688              5,919       185,366         185,366
           Lease liabilities                  4,314               1,425              2,955         8,694           8,024


     (c)   Currency risk

           The Group has no significant exposure to foreign currency risk given its large asset base and operational cash
           flow are primarily denominated in Hong Kong dollars.




                                                           Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   203
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      24     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
             INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

             (d)     Equity price risk

                     The Group is exposed to equity price change arising from other financial assets designated through FVOCI
                     and FVPL held for non-trading purposes (see note 15).

                     Listed investments held by the Group have been chosen based on their longer term growth potential and are
                     monitored regularly for performance against expectations.

                     Sensitivity analysis

                     At 31 December 2025, it is estimated that an increase/decrease of 10% (2024: 10%) in the market prices
                     of financial investments, with all other variables held constant would have increased/decreased the Group’s
                     profit after tax (and retained profits) and the securities revaluation reserve by approximately HK$16,092,000 (2024:
                     HK$13,297,000).

                                                                                 2025                               2024
                                                                            Effect                              Effect
                                                                         on profit       Effect              on profit         Effect
                                                                         after tax    on other               after tax      on other
                                                                     and retained components             and retained    components
                                                                           profits    of equity                profits      of equity
                                                                         HK$’000      HK$’000               HK$’000        HK$’000


                     Change in the relevant equity price risk
                      variable:

                     Increase by 10%                                          9,192            6,900            7,441            5,856
                     Decrease by 10%                                         (9,192)          (6,900)          (7,441)          (5,856)


                     The sensitivity analysis indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and retained profits)
                     and other components of consolidated equity that would arise assuming that the changes in the stock market
                     index or other relevant risk variables had occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied
                     to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to equity price risk
                     at the end of the reporting period. It is also assumed that none of the Group’s other financial assets would
                     be considered impaired as a result of the decrease in the relevant stock market index or other relevant risk
                     variables, and that all other variables remain constant.




204   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                                        Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




24   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     (e)    Fair value measurement

            (i)    Financial assets measured at fair value

                   Fair value hierarchy

                   The fair value of the Group’s financial assets measured at the end of the reporting period on a
                   recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value
                   measurement .

                   The fair value measurements of the Group’s financial assets as at 31 December 2025 and 31
                   December 2024 are categorised into Level 1. During the year ended 31 December 2025, there were
                   no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3 (2024: Nil). The Group’s
                   policy is to recognise transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting
                   period in which they occur.

            (ii)   Fair values of financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value

                   The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at amortised cost are not materially
                   different from their fair values as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.


25   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     Financial guarantees issued

     At 31 December 2025, the Company has issued the guarantees to certain suppliers in respect of granting or giving
     credit facilities to its wholly-owned subsidiaries.

     Under the guarantees, the Company is liable to the amount due from the subsidiaries to these respective parties in
     the event of any default and its liability shall at no time exceed the sum stated on the letters of guarantee.

     At the end of the reporting period, the directors do not consider it probable that a claim will be made against the
     Company under any of the guarantees. The maximum liability of the Company at the end of the reporting period
     under the guarantees issued above is the outstanding amount due to the relevant parties by its wholly-owned
     subsidiaries, being HK$62,000 (2024: HK$57,000).

     The Company has not recognised any deferred income in respect of the guarantees issued as its fair value cannot be
     reliably measured using observable market data and its transaction price was HK$Nil (2024: HK$Nil).




                                                          Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025     205
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      26     MATERIAL RELATED PARTY AND CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

             (a)     Key management personnel remuneration

                     Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to certain of the
                     Company’s directors, chief executive and the highest paid employees as disclosed in notes 7 and 8
                     respectively, is as follows:

                                                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000


                     Short-term employee benefits                                                    14,772            13,437
                     Post-employment benefits                                                           712               645


                                                                                                     15,484            14,082


                     Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (see note 5(a)).

             (b)     Other material related party and connected transactions

                     (i)    In 1999, the Group entered into a development agreement (the “Agreement”) with Henderson Land
                            Development Company Limited (“HLD”) and two wholly-owned subsidiaries of HLD (“HLD Sub 1” and
                            “HLD Sub 2”), whereby HLD Sub 1 and HLD Sub 2 acquired the right to 50% of any proceeds from
                            the future sale of the residential portion of the redevelopment of Metro Harbour View, Kowloon Inland
                            Lot No. 11127 (the “MHV Property”) for a consideration of HK$1,500,000,000.

                            As part of the Agreement, HLD Sub 1 and HLD Sub 2 agreed to reimburse the Group 50% of its
                            development expenditures relating to the residential portion of the MHV Property. At 31 December
                            2025, an amount of HK$294,000 (2024: HK$294,000) remained unpaid and was included in trade and
                            other receivables.

                            In February 2017, the Group entered into a deed of novation (the “Deed of Novation”) with HLD, HLD
                            Sub 1 and HLD Sub 2 pursuant to which HLD Sub 1 transferred and assigned unto HLD Sub 2, and
                            HLD Sub 2 took and assumed all of the rights and obligations of HLD Sub 1 under the Agreement
                            subject to the terms and conditions as stated in the Deed of Novation. The Deed of Novation was
                            supplemental to the Agreement.

                     (ii)   In December 2002, the Group appointed a wholly-owned subsidiary of HLD (“HLD Sub A”) as the
                            leasing and promotion agent of the commercial arcade of the MHV Property, Metro Harbour Plaza
                            (“MHP”), for an initial term of two years at the remuneration of 5% of the monthly rental income from
                            MHP and such agreement shall thereafter be renewable on the same terms from year to year until
                            terminated by either party by giving three months’ prior notice in writing. An amount of HK$2,713,000
                            (2024: HK$2,944,000) was charged to the Group for the year. At 31 December 2025, an amount of
                            HK$1,366,000 (2024: HK$1,464,000) remained unpaid and was included in trade and other payables.




206   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited    Annual Report 2025
                                         Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




26   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY AND CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (b)   Other material related party and connected transactions (Continued)

           (iii)   In October 2015, the Group entered into a letter agreement with a wholly-owned subsidiary of HLD (“HLD
                   Sub B”) and appointed HLD Sub B as the agent of the Group to lease certain shops and spaces of
                   Mira Place One (formerly known as Miramar Shopping Centre) (“Premises 1”) for the marketing services
                   of 208 Tung Chau Street, Sham Shui Po, Kowloon, Hong Kong (the “TCS Property”) for the period
                   from 5 November 2015 to the earlier of 4 January 2017 and the date on which the last residential unit
                   in the TCS Property is sold, subject to the respective ceilings of HK$2,000,000 for the period from 5
                   November 2015 to 31 December 2015 and HK$3,600,000 for the period from 1 January 2016 to 4
                   January 2017. The letter agreement expired in January 2017.

                   In January 2017, the Group entered into a second letter agreement with HLD Sub B and HLD Sub B
                   continued to act as the agent of the Group to lease the Premises 1 for use as show flats and sales
                   office for the sale of the residential units of the TCS Property for the period from 5 January 2017 to
                   the earlier of 4 May 2017 and the date on which the last residential unit in the TCS Property is sold,
                   subject to the ceiling of HK$1,700,000. The second letter agreement expired in May 2017.

                   No fee has been charged to the Group during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024. At 31
                   December 2025, an amount of HK$997,000 (2024: HK$997,000) remained unpaid and was included
                   in trade and other payables.

           (iv)    In June 2022, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Miramar Hotel and Investment Company, Limited (“Miramar”) (and
                   an associate (as defined in the Listing Rules) of HLD, a substantial shareholder of the Company) (the “Miramar
                   Subsidiary”), as landlord and a subsidiary of the Company as tenant entered into a tenancy agreement (the
                   “Tenancy Agreement”) in respect of the leasing of Units Nos. 901–04 & 18 on 9th Floor of Mira Place
                   Tower A, 132 Nathan Road, Tsimshatsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong (“Premises 2”) for a term of three years
                   from 10 June 2022 to 9 June 2025 (the “Term”) at a monthly rental (exclusive of management fee, air-
                   conditioning charges and government rates) of HK$473,000 for Year 1 of the Term, HK$522,000 for
                   Year 2 of the Term and HK$558,000 for Year 3 of the Term, together with other ancillary charges.

                   In accordance with the applicable HKFRS Accounting Standards, the Group recognised the rent
                   payable under the Tenancy Agreement (being fixed payments) as an acquisition of right-of-use asset of
                   capital in nature taking into account the carrying amount of such right-of-use asset, i.e. approximately
                   HK$16,730,000 recognised by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022, having been
                   measured on the basis of the discounted present value of the fixed rent payable by the Group under
                   the Tenancy Agreement. As the landlord is the Miramar Subsidiary and an associate of HLD and
                   thus a connected person of the Company, such acquisition of right-of-use asset constituted a one-
                   off connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The management
                   fees and air-conditioning charges payable by the Group to the Miramar Subsidiary (being variable
                   payments) are being recognised as expenses in the Group’s profit and loss accounts in the periods
                   in which they are incurred, and the payment of such expenses is regarded as continuing connected
                   transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A.31 of the Listing Rules.

                   The annual caps of the aggregate management fees and air-conditioning charges (exclusive of
                   government rates) payable under the Tenancy Agreement are subject to the annual ceilings of
                   HK$1,000,000 for the period from 10 June 2022 to 31 December 2022, HK$1,500,000 for the period
                   from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023, HK$1,600,000 for the period from 1 January 2024 to 31
                   December 2024, and HK$800,000 for the period from 1 January 2025 to 9 June 2025.

                                                            Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited      Annual Report 2025      207
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      26     MATERIAL RELATED PARTY AND CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

             (b)     Other material related party and connected transactions (Continued)

                     (iv)   (Continued)

                            Under the term of Tenancy Agreement, the contract expired on 9 June 2025.

                            In January 2025, the Miramar Subsidiary as licensor and a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                            Company, as licensee entered into the license agreement (the “License Agreement”) for the granting
                            of a license by the licensor to the licensee to use and occupy Unit No. 905 on 9th Floor of Mira Place
                            Tower A, 132 Nathan Road, Tsimshatsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong (“Premises 3”) for a period of six
                            months from 10 March 2025 to 9 September 2025.

                            In June 2025, the Miramar Subsidiary as landlord and a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
                            as tenant entered into the tenancy agreement (the “New Tenancy Agreement”) for the leasing by the
                            landlord to the tenant of (1) Premises 2 for a term of three years from 10 June 2025 to 9 June 2028; and (2)
                            Premises 3 for a term of two years and nine months from 10 September 2025 to 9 June 2028.

                            The monthly rental (exclusive of management fee, air-conditioning charges and government rates)
                            of (1) Premises 2 is HK$473,000 for Year 1 of the Term, HK$522,000 for Year 2 of the Term and
                            HK$558,000 for Year 3 of the Term, together with other ancillary charges; (2) Premises 3 is HK$87,000
                            for Year 1 (applicable from 10 September 2025 to 9 June 2026) of the Term, HK$96,000 for Year 2 of
                            the Term and HK$102,000 for Year 3 of the Term, together with other ancillary charges.

                            In accordance with the applicable HKFRS Accounting Standards, the Group recognised the rent
                            payable under the New Tenancy Agreement (being fixed payments) as an acquisition of right-of-
                            use asset of capital in nature taking into account the carrying amount of such right-of-use asset,
                            i.e. approximately HK$20,954,000 recognised by the Group during the year ended 31 December
                            2025, having been measured on the basis of the discounted present value of the fixed rent payable
                            by the Group under the New Tenancy Agreement. As the landlord is the Miramar Subsidiary and an
                            associate of HLD and thus a connected person of the Company, such acquisition of right-of-use asset
                            constituted a one-off connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
                            The management fees and air conditioning charges payable by the Group to the Miramar Subsidiary
                            (being variable payments) are being recognised as expenses in the Group’s profit and loss accounts in
                            the periods in which they are incurred, and the payment of such expenses is regarded as continuing
                            connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A.31 of the Listing Rules.

                            The annual caps of the aggregate management fees and air-conditioning charges (exclusive of
                            government rates) payable under the New Tenancy Agreement and the License Agreement are subject
                            to the annual ceilings of HK$1,100,000 for the period from 10 March 2025 to 31 December 2025,
                            HK$1,900,000 for the period from 1 January 2026 to 31 December 2026, HK$2,000,000 for the
                            period from 1 January 2027 to 31 December 2027, and HK$900,000 for the period from 1 January
                            2028 to 9 June 2028.

                            During the year, an amount of HK$1,604,000 (2024: HK$1,367,000), being the aggregate of
                            management fees and air-conditioning charges, was charged to the Group.




208   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                        Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




26   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY AND CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (b)   Other material related party and connected transactions (Continued)

           (v)    In June 2022, the Group appointed HLD Sub B, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of HLD as the
                  sales manager to provide project sales and marketing services in respect of the comprehensively
                  planned development of a site at The Remaining Portion of New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6559 held by
                  Urban Renewal Authority as the owner and the Group as the developer (the “Proposed Development”)
                  for a term of three years commencing from the date of the first initial sale of any residential units of the
                  Proposed Development at a sales fee equivalent to 0.5% of the gross proceeds of sale of such units
                  (but excluding those sale and purchase agreements which were effected by third party sales agent(s))
                  subject to the annual ceilings of HK$8,000,000 for the year ended 31 December 2022, HK$3,000,000
                  for the year ended 31 December 2023, HK$2,000,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024 and
                  HK$1,000,000 for the period from 1 January 2025 to 31 May 2025 (but only up to and including the
                  date being 3 years from the commencement date of the term).

                  No fee was charged to the Group during the year.

           (vi)   At 31 December 2025, HLD, a substantial shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company
                  was interested in approximately 33.41% (2024: 33.41%) of the total number of issued shares of the
                  Company.

                  To the extent the above transactions constituted connected transactions (as defined in the Listing
                  Rules), the Group had complied with the relevant requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     (c)   Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions

           The related party transactions in respect of notes 26(b)(iv) and (v), above constitute connected transactions
           and/or continuing connected transactions (as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules). The disclosures
           required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are provided in the paragraph headed “Connected Transactions”
           in the Report of the Directors as set out in the Company’s annual report for the year ended 31 December
           2025.




                                                          Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited     Annual Report 2025      209
      Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




      27     COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                                2025                     2024
                                                      Note        HK$’000               HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000


             Non-current assets
             Interest in subsidiaries                   12                             5,885,114                     5,470,511
             Interest in an associate                                                      3,268                         3,268
             Net employee retirement benefits
                assets                                                                     4,368                         3,127


                                                                                       5,892,750                     5,476,906
             Current assets
             Trade and other receivables                                1,734                             2,145
             Cash and bank balances                                     2,450                             5,808


                                                                        4,184                             7,953


             Current liabilities
             Amounts due to subsidiaries                         (1,964,586)                         (1,487,429)
             Long service payment liabilities                             –                                    (3)
             Trade and other payables                                (5,051)                              (6,615)


                                                                 (1,969,637)                         (1,494,047)


             Net current liabilities                                                   (1,965,453)                   (1,486,094)


             NET ASSETS                                                                3,927,297                     3,990,812


             CAPITAL AND RESERVES                     23(a)

             Share capital                                                             1,754,801                     1,754,801
             Reserves                                                                  2,172,496                     2,236,011


             TOTAL EqUITY                                                              3,927,297                     3,990,812


             Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 19 March 2026.




             Dr. Lam Ko Yin, Colin                              Li Ning
             Chairman                                           Director




210   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                          Notes to the financial statements (Continued)




28   NON-ADJUSTING EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     After the end of the reporting period, the directors proposed a final dividend. Further details are disclosed in note 9.


29   COMPARATIVE FIGURES

     Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation.


30   POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND
     INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED
     31 DECEMBER 2025

     Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of new or amended
     standards, which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2025 and which have not been adopted in
     these financial statements. These developments include the following which may be relevant to the Group.

                                                                                                Effective for
                                                                                                accounting periods
                                                                                                beginning on or after


     Amendments to HKFRS 9, Financial Instruments and HKFRS 7,                                   1 January 2026
      Financial Instruments: disclosures “Amendments to the classification
      and measurement of financial instruments”

     Annual improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11                               1 January 2026

     HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements                               1 January 2027

     HKFRS 19, Subsidiaries without public accountability: Disclosures                           1 January 2027

     The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these amendments is expected to be
     in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant
     impact on the consolidated financial statements, except for the following:

     HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements

     HKFRS 18 will replace HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements and aims to improve the transparency and
     comparability of information about an entity’s financial statements. HKFRS 18 is effective for annual reporting periods
     beginning on or after 1 January 2027 and is to be applied retrospectively.

     Among other changes, under HKFRS 18, entities are required to classify all income and expenses into five categories
     in the statement of profit or loss, namely the operating, investing, financing, discontinued operations and income
     tax categories. Entities are also required to provide specific disclosures about management-defined performance
     measures in a single note in the financial statements.

     The Group does not plan to early adopt HKFRS 18 and is still in the process of assessing the impact of the adoption.




                                                            Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited     Annual Report 2025    211
      Five Years’ Financial Summary



                                                         2021           2022          2023           2024           2025
                                                    HK$ Million    HK$ Million   HK$ Million    HK$ Million    HK$ Million

      Consolidated results

      Revenue                                              244            281           375            423            427


      Profit for the year attributable to:
        Equity shareholders of the Company                 118          1,299           190            164            335
        Non-controlling interests                            –              –             (4)            (4)            (–)*


                                                           118          1,299           186            160            335


      Dividends                                             89            445            89             89             89


      Assets and liabilities

      Investment properties, other property,
        plant and equipment and leasehold land           2,345          2,456         2,587          2,587           4,655

      Interest in associates                                  8             7             6              5              5

      Interest in joint ventures                           495            947           700            691            424

      Properties under development for sale              1,274          1,625             7              7              7

      Other financial assets                               136            113           107            133            161

      Deferred tax assets                                     3             6             4              3              7

      Other assets                                       2,008          2,380         3,878          3,947           2,393


      Total assets                                       6,269          7,534         7,289          7,373           7,652

      Total liabilities                                    264            316           324            320            342


      Net assets employed                                6,005          7,218         6,965          7,053           7,310


                                                          HK$            HK$           HK$            HK$            HK$

      Earnings per share                                   0.33          3.65          0.53           0.46            0.94

      Dividend per share                                   0.25          1.25          0.25           0.25            0.25

      Net assets per share                               16.85          20.26         19.55          19.80           20.52


                                                         Times          Times         Times          Times          Times

      Dividend cover                                        1.3           2.9           2.1            1.8             3.8


      *        Less than HK$ 1 million

212   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                       Five Years’ Financial Summary (Continued)




Earnings per share                                             Dividends per share
HK$                                                            HK$

   4                                                              1.5




   3
                                                                  1.0


   2


                                                                  0.5
   1




   0                                                               0
          2025       2024     2023     2022     2021                       2025     2024    2023     2022   2021



Shareholders’ funds                                            Net assets per share
HK$ Million                                                    HK$

 7,650                                                            21



 7,300                                                            20



 6,950                                                            19



 6,600                                                            18



 6,250                                                            17



 5,900                                                            16
              2025     2024     2023     2022     2021                     2025     2024     2023    2022   2021




                                                            Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025   213
      Group Properties



      1      PROPERTIES HELD FOR SALE

                                                                               Saleable
                                                                        area remaining         Group’s
          Location                          Lot No.                             unsold         interest    Existing use
                                                                                 (sq.m.)            (%)


          The Royale                        Tuen Mun                              2,256              50      Residential
            8 Castle Peak Road –            Town Lot No. 547
            Castle Peak Bay
            Tuen Mun


      2      PROPERTIES HELD FOR INVESTMENT

                                                                        Gross/Saleable
          Location                          Lot No.                          floor area    Lease expiry    Existing use
                                                                                 (sq.m.)          (year)


          Metro Harbour Plaza               KIL 11127 RP                         23,549            2047     Commercial
           8 Fuk Lee Street                                                                                    arcade
           Tai Kok Tsui

          METRO6                            Hung Hom                                932            2061     Commercial
           121 Bulkeley Street              I.L. No.555                                                        arcade

          Green Code                        F.S.S.T.L. 177                       12,684            2060     Commercial
            1 Ma Sik Road                   (S.T.T. 1364(N))                                                   arcade
            Fanling

          Shining Heights                   KIL 11159                             2,469            2054     Commercial
            83 Sycamore Street                                                                                 arcade

          The Spectacle                     Yau Tong                              2,300            2047     Commercial
            8 Cho Yuen Street               Inland Lot No. 38                                                  arcade
            Yau Tong

          20 Tin Dai Yan Road               Lot Nos. 3039A,                       1,912            2047        Godown
            Chung Uk Tsuen                  3039RP & 3042
            Hung Shui Kiu                   in DD 124
                                            Hung Shui Kiu

          Ground floor together             KIL 2567 RP                              79            2080           Shop
            with the Yard
            adjacent thereto,
            234 Sai Yeung Choi
            Street South




214   Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited   Annual Report 2025
                                                                          Group Properties (Continued)




2      PROPERTIES HELD FOR INVESTMENT (Continued)

                                                                   Gross/Saleable
    Location                         Lot No.                            floor area          Lease expiry         Existing use
                                                                            (sq.m.)                (year)


    Ground floor of                  KIL 2292 Sec. B, C and RP                  169                 2080                 Shop
      No. 250 Sai Yeung Choi
      Street South and
      ground floor of No. 252
      Sai Yeung Choi Street
      South

    Portion A of Ground Floor          Lot No. 1978 in DD 449                 1,182                 2047          Commercial
      and signage areas of                                                                                           arcade
      Tai Hung Fai (Tsuen Wan) Centre,
      No. 55 Chung On Street
      Tsuen Wan

    The Symphonie                    New Kowloon                              9,090                 2068          Youth hostel
      280 Tung Chau Street           Inland Lot
      Cheung Sha Wan                 No. 6559 RP


3      OTHER PROPERTIES

                                                                   Site           Lease           Group’s
    Location                         Lot No.                       area           expiry          interest        Description
                                                                 (sq.m.)           (year)              (%)


    98 Tam Kon Shan Road             Tsing Yi Town               19,740            2047               100        Shipyard and
      Ngau Kok Wan                   Lot No. 102                                                                        office
      North Tsing Yi

    Mui Wo                           DD 2                         4,233            2047               100          Agricultural
                                     Lot Nos. 614 RP,                                                                     land
                                     619 Sec. B, C
                                     and RP

    Mui Wo                           DD 2                        28,423            2047                  50        Agricultural
                                     Lot Nos. 431–487,                                                                    land
                                     569 and 635–637

    Mui Wo                           DD 2                           849            2047               100          Agricultural
                                     Lot Nos. 498–499,                                                                    land
                                     and 588–591




                                                            Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited        Annual Report 2025   215
ANNUAL REPORT 2025
